--- Page 1 ---
Rabobank 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch 
(Australian Business Number 70 003 917 655) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch 
(New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note Programme 
Due from seven days to perpetuity 
Under the Global Medium-Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (“Rabobank” or “Rabobank Nederland”) may, 
through its head office or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes only, through Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch (“Rabobank Australia Branch”) or through Coöperatieve Rabobank 
U.A. New Zealand Branch (“Rabobank New Zealand Branch”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, from time to time, issue Global Medium-Term Notes 
(the “Notes”). References herein to the “Issuer” shall mean Rabobank acting through its head office or through Rabobank Australia Branch or Rabobank New Zealand Branch. 
 
Notes to be issued under this Global Medium Term Note Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes (either “Senior Preferred Notes” or “Senior Preferred MREL Notes”), 
(ii) Notes which will rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes but senior to Dated Subordinated Notes (as defined and further described herein) and have terms 
capable of qualifying as Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations (as defined herein) (the “Non-Preferred Senior Notes”) and (iii) Notes which are subordinated as further described herein 
and have terms capable of qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (as defined herein) (the “Dated Subordinated Notes”). 
 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 160,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). The Programme is, and Notes issued 
under it may be, denominated in euro, which means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union (“Member States”) that have adopted the single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
 
Application has been made to the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten or the “AFM”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) to approve this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue by the Issuer of Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes, Variable Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Range Accrual Notes and Zero Coupon Notes (in each case, excluding such Notes which constitute money market instruments (as defined 
in Article 2(1) of Directive 2009/65/EC) having a maturity of less than 12 months (“Money Market Instruments”)) which are: (a) offered to the public in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, whether or not such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any market; or (b) either: (i) 
admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam N.V.’s Euronext in Amsterdam (“Euronext Amsterdam”); (ii) admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Luxembourg Stock Exchange”); or (iii) admitted to trading on another regulated market as defined under 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”), such Notes hereinafter referred to as the “PR Notes”. PR 
Notes may be issued in any denominations as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), and any PR Notes which have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency) and do not otherwise fall within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation are referred to hereinafter as “Non-Exempt 
PR Notes”. The Issuer will only issue Non-Exempt PR Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes and, in each case, only where such Notes are Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation 
(in relation to PR Notes only). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
The Issuer may also issue (a) Money Market Instruments and (b) unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any regulated market in the European Economic Area (where 
such Notes are, in addition, issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or otherwise fall within an exemption from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Notes, together with Money Market Instruments, are hereinafter referred to as “Exempt Notes”). The AFM has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue of any Exempt Notes. 
 
The relevant final terms to this Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether such Notes will be listed on Euronext Amsterdam or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or any other stock exchange) or whether the Notes will be unlisted. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
 
The Notes of each Tranche (as defined herein) in bearer form will initially be represented by a temporary global note in bearer form, without interest coupons (each a “temporary 
Global Note”). If Global Notes in bearer form are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes (as defined below) of one Series, and may be represented by a Global Certificate (as defined below). Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered 
global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”), the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Global Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) which are not issued in NGN form (“CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche either with (a) a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or (b) such other clearing system as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Interests in temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in permanent global notes (each, a “permanent Global Note” and, 
together with the temporary Global Notes, the “Global Notes”), or, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, definitive Notes (“Definitive Notes”), on or after the date falling 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in whole but 
not in part as described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
 
Notes (other than AMTNs (as defined below)) of any Series to be issued in registered form (“Registered Notes”) and which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of 
Regulation S (“Unrestricted Notes”) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) will initially be represented by a permanent registered global certificate (each, an “Unrestricted 
Global Certificate”), without interest coupons, which may be deposited on the issue date (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
with the Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Registered Notes issued by Rabobank which are sold in the United States to “qualified institutional buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the Securities Act 
(“Restricted Notes”) will initially be represented by a permanent registered global certificate (each, a “Restricted Global Certificate” and, together with the “Unrestricted Global Certificate”, 
the “Global Certificates”), without interest coupons, which may be deposited on the issue date either with (a) the Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
(b) a custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, DTC.  
 
Beneficial interests in Global Certificates held by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and their participants. See “Clearing and Settlement”. The provisions governing the exchange of interests in the Global Notes 
and in each Global Certificate are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes of any Series to be issued under the Australian Agency Agreement (as defined herein) 
(“AMTNs”) will be issued in registered form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the Australian Register (as defined herein) in evidence of which a global certificate (an “AMTN 
Global Certificate”) will be issued and deposited with the Registrar to hold on behalf of the registered holders of the AMTNs on the clearing system operated by Austraclear Limited (ABN 94 
002 060 773) (“Austraclear”). The AMTNs have been accepted for clearance through the Austraclear System operated by Austraclear. An acceptance for clearance by Austraclear is not a 
recommendation or endorsement by Austraclear. For so long as the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System, the registered holder of the AMTNs will be Austraclear. 
 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of the Commonwealth of Australia (the “Australian Corporations Act”)) in relation to the 
Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with or registered by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission as a disclosure document for the purposes of the Australian 
Corporations Act or with ASX Limited (“ASX”).

--- Page 2 ---
Long-term Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme by Rabobank are expected to be rated AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and long-term Senior Preferred 
Notes issued under the Programme by Rabobank Australia Branch are expected to be rated AA- by Fitch Australia Pty Ltd. (“Fitch Australia”). Senior Preferred Notes issued under the 
programme are expected to be rated Aa2 by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) and Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or more are expected to be rated A+ by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Senior Preferred MREL Notes issued by Rabobank under the Programme are expected to be rated AA- by Fitch and A+ by S&P. Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
issued by Rabobank under the Programme are expected to be rated A+ by Fitch and A- by S&P. Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme by Rabobank are expected to be 
rated Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB+ by S&P. Each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”). 
Fitch Australia is not established in the European Union but the rating it has given to the long-term Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by Fitch, which is 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A list of credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation is published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website. In addition, this Base Prospectus contains or refers to certain credit ratings issued by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”). DBRS is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
  
Tranches of Notes (as defined below) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without prior notice. 
 
Factors which may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Programme and factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are set out on pages 31 to 72. 
 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 15 May 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2022. 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
Credit Suisse 
 
Dealers
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe  
HSBC  
Mizuho  
Nomura  
RBC Capital Markets
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan
Morgan Stanley
Rabobank
TD Securities
UBS Investment Bank
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 May 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................ 12 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 31 
PUBLIC OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA .................. 73 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 79 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS ......................................................................................................... 81 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 82 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES .................................................... 85 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED MREL NOTES AND THE NON-
PREFERRED SENIOR NOTES ...................................................................................................... 176 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DATED SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................. 235 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ...................... 292 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 302 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT ............................................................................................................ 306 
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OF RABOBANK GROUP ..................................................................... 310 
STRUCTURE AND GOVERNANCE OF RABOBANK GROUP .............................................................. 319 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................................. 323 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 353 
RISK MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................. 357 
GOVERNANCE OF RABOBANK GROUP ............................................................................................. 366 
REGULATION OF RABOBANK GROUP ................................................................................................ 372 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS OF RABOBANK GROUP .................................................... 386 
RABOBANK AUSTRALIA BRANCH ....................................................................................................... 388 
RABOBANK NEW ZEALAND BRANCH ................................................................................................. 389 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................. 390 
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................................................................... 430 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................. 432 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ...................................................................................................................... 435 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PR NOTES (OTHER THAN NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES) ......................... 444 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – EXEMPT NOTES ....................................................................................... 482 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES ....................................................................... 537

--- Page 4 ---
4 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 561

--- Page 5 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
5 
 
 This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph 
(ii) below may apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each 
a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or 
intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of Notes which are the subject of an offering 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those 
Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer or (ii) in the 
circumstances described under “Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic 
Area” on pages 73 to 78. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement 
a prospectus for such offer. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other 
than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, 
if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “Overview of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in 
the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
None of the Dealers (excluding Rabobank (in its capacity as Dealer)) or the Arranger makes 
any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy 
or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or the Arranger that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements 
should purchase the Notes. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described 
under the section headed “Risk Factors”. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks 
of an investment in the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation, as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers nor the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
In connection with the issue of any tranche of a Series of Notes (a “Tranche”), one or more 
relevant Dealers (in such capacity, the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising 
Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant

--- Page 6 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
6 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact 
the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential Investor’s Currency (as defined in the risk factor entitled “If any investor 
holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. 
In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in 
an investor not receiving payments on those Notes”); 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any State 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and are being sold pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of such Act. The Notes include Notes, in bearer form, that are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold or, in 
the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S and (in the case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank) within the 
United States to “qualified institutional buyers” in reliance on Rule 144A. Prospective purchasers 
are hereby notified that sellers of Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of 
Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers, sales, and transfers of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Plan of Distribution” and “Transfer 
Restrictions”.

--- Page 7 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
7 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”), any State securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. 
regulatory authority, nor has any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits 
of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels).  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID 
Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – If applicable, the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels).  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any 
of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU)

--- Page 8 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
8 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FMSA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are “prescribed capital markets 
products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers” as “Not Applicable”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to “consumers” 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic law (Wetboek 
van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended, in Belgium.  
Credit ratings are for distribution only to a person in Australia (a) who is not a “retail client” 
within the meaning of section 761G of the Australian Corporations Act and is also a sophisticated 
investor, professional investor or other investor in respect of whom disclosure is not required 
under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act and (b) who is otherwise permitted to 
receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any jurisdiction in which the person may 
be located. Anyone in Australia who is not such a person is not entitled to receive this Base 
Prospectus and anyone who receives this Base Prospectus must not distribute it to any person in 
Australia who is not entitled to receive it.  
This Base Prospectus is not, and is not intended to be, a prospectus or disclosure document 
within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, or a Product Disclosure Statement for the 
purposes of Chapter 7 of the Australian Corporations Act. This Base Prospectus has not been, and 
will not be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission or the Australian 
Securities Exchange and is not, and does not purport to be, a document containing disclosure to 
investors for the purposes of Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act. It is not intended 
to be used in connection with any offer for which such disclosure is required and does not contain 
all the information that would be required by those provisions if they applied. It is not to be provided 
to any “retail client” for the purposes of sections 761G and 761GA of the Australian Corporations 
Act.  
Benchmarks Regulation – Amounts payable on Notes issued under the Programme may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). If any 
such reference rate constitutes a benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation, the applicable 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in

--- Page 9 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
9 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation 
may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in 
the relevant register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the 
applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Rabobank has been granted an authority to carry on a banking business in Australia 
pursuant to section 9 of the Banking Act 1959 of Australia (“Banking Act”) and is an authorised 
deposit-taking institution (“ADI”) within the meaning of the Banking Act. The Notes issued by 
Rabobank are not protected accounts (as defined in the Banking Act) and are not covered by the 
depositor protection provisions contained in Division 2 of Part II of the Banking Act.  
Section 11F of the Banking Act provides that if a foreign ADI, such as Rabobank (whether in 
or outside Australia), suspends payment or is unable to meet its obligations, the assets of the 
foreign ADI in Australia are to be available to meet the foreign ADI’s liabilities in Australia in priority 
to all other liabilities of the foreign ADI. Further, section 86 of the Reserve Bank Act 1959 of 
Australia provides that debts due by an ADI to the Reserve Bank of Australia shall, in a winding-up 
of the ADI, have priority over all other debts of the ADI. Other laws in Australia, the Netherlands 
and other jurisdictions will also apply to the ranking of debts and other liabilities in a winding-up 
of Rabobank. Rabobank does not make any representations as to whether the Notes, or any of 
them, would constitute liabilities in Australia, under such statutory provisions. 
The Notes do not represent deposit liabilities of the Issuer in New Zealand. 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as 
principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser 
with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor. 
In relation to offers of Notes in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia and Ontario only, 
pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the 
Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
All figures in this Base Prospectus have not been audited, unless stated otherwise. These 
figures are internal figures of Rabobank or Rabobank Group. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Base Prospectus to “Rabobank” 
and “Rabobank Nederland” are to Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and references to “Rabobank 
Group”, or the “Group” are to Rabobank and its group companies (within the meaning of Section 
2:24b of the Dutch Civil Code (the “DCC”), which shall in any event include its subsidiaries). 
References herein to the “Issuer” shall mean Rabobank acting through its head office or through 
Rabobank Australia Branch or Rabobank New Zealand Branch.

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
10 
Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “U.S.$”, “USD” 
and “U.S. Dollar” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, to “AUD” and 
“Australian Dollar” are to the lawful currency of Australia, to “NZD” and “New Zealand Dollar” are 
to the lawful currency of New Zealand, to “euro”, “Euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the lawful currency 
of the member states of the European Union that have adopted the single currency in accordance 
with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, to “Sterling” or “£” are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, to “¥”, “JPY” and “yen” are to the lawful currency 
of Japan and to “Renminbi”, “RMB” and “CNY” are to the lawful currency of the PRC. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “PRC” are to the People’s Republic of China which, 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, shall exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan. References to “Renminbi 
Notes” are to Notes denominated in CNY or Renminbi deliverable in Hong Kong, Singapore and 
Taiwan. 
Notice to prospective investors of Green Bonds 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability 
of any Green Bonds (as defined on page 52 below), including the listing or admission to trading 
thereof on any dedicated ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green, environmental or 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or 
the Dealers is responsible for any Second Party Opinion (as defined on page 53 below) or any other 
third-party green, environmental and sustainability assessment of the Green Bonds. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the Eligible Green Assets (as defined on page 52 below) and 
Eligibility Criteria (as defined on page 302 below) described in the “Use of Proceeds” section or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
in the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Green Assets, any verification of whether the 
Eligible Green Assets meet such criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds 
(or amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular Eligible 
Green Assets. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework (as defined 
on page 13 below) which the Issuer may publish from time to time, any Second Party Opinion 
delivered in respect thereof, any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer for further 
information. The Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework, the Second Party Opinion, any reports, 
verification assessments, opinions, contents or information included therein and (unless otherwise 
stated) on any websites mentioned in this Base Prospectus have not been and will not be 
incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus and neither the Arranger nor any 
of the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof.  
Any such Second Party Opinion delivered in connection with the Issuer’s Sustainable 
Funding Framework or any Green Bonds may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
the structure of the relevant Series of Green Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or 
any other factors that may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds. Any such Second Party 
Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of its date of 
issue. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion for the purpose of any 
investment in any Green Bonds.

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
11 
No assurance is or can be provided by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to potential 
investors that the Eligibility Criteria for any Eligible Green Assets to be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the EU Taxonomy Regulation, within 
the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy (each as defined on page 53 below) and/or any future 
delegated regulations at any time or that they will meet all investors’ expectations regarding 
sustainability performance or continue to meet the relevant Eligibility Criteria. 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation and EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy may change over time. 
There is a possibility that the Eligible Green Assets and any sustainability framework(s) that the 
Issuer may publish from time to time may no longer fully align with the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and/or EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy in the future.   
Your attention is drawn to the important information on pages 82 to 84.

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
12 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this overview. The Issuer may agree with any 
Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Preferred Notes”, the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes” (as applicable) 
in which event (in the case of PR Notes only) a supplement to this Base Prospectus or new Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached 
in relation to such Notes.  
Issuers: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch (in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes only) 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch (in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes only) 
Legal Entity 
Identifier of the 
Issuer 
DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62 
 
Website of the 
Issuer 
www.rabobank.com  
Description: 
Global Medium-Term Note Programme 
Date: 
15 May 2023 
Size: 
Up to EUR 160,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Types of Notes: 
Notes can be issued under the Programme as set out below. PR Notes and 
Exempt Notes shall only be issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). By way of example, the table 
below shows that AMTNs may only be issued under the Programme as Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated 
Notes and, in each case, such Notes may either be PR Notes or Exempt Notes. 
 
 
 
 
Senior Preferred Notes 
 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and Dated 
Subordinated Notes 
 
PR Notes 
Non-
Exempt 
PR Notes 
Exempt 
Notes 
PR Notes 
Exempt Notes 
AMTNs 
 
 
 
 
 
CMS Linked 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Dual Currency 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity Linked 
Notes 
 
 


--- Page 13 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
13 
Fixed Rate 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Fixed Rate 
Reset Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Floating Rate 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
FX Linked 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Green Bonds 
 
 
 
 
 
Index Linked 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Instalment 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Inverse 
Floating Rate 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Partly Paid 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Range Accrual 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Restricted 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
SIS Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Unrestricted 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Rate 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
Zero Coupon 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from the issues of the Notes will be used by the Issuer in 
connection with its banking business, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms with respect to a specific Tranche of Notes. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any Green Bond will be 
used to finance and/or refinance, in part or in whole, a portfolio of Eligible Green 
Assets in accordance with the Issuer’s sustainable funding framework as 
amended from time to time (the “Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework”), 
which is available on the Issuer’s website (please see the “Use of Proceeds” 
section on pages 302 to 305 for further detail). 
Arranger: 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Barclays Bank PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG

--- Page 14 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
14 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (in its capacity as Dealer) 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Mizuho International plc 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH  
RBC Europe Limited 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer under 
the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more 
Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and 
references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed 
as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (in respect of Notes other than AMTNs). 
Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (ABN 48 078 279 277) (in respect 
of AMTNs only). 
Registrar and 
Australian 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (in respect of Notes other than AMTNs). 
Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (ABN 48 078 279 277) (in respect 
of AMTNs only). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will 
be issued in Series having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the 
Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue 
dates. The specifics of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where 
necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first interest payment date and nominal amount, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount. Partly Paid Notes (which shall be Senior Preferred Notes only) 
may be issued, the issue price of which will be payable in two or more instalments. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND CLEARING 
Form of Notes: 
Each Series of Notes (other than the AMTNs) may be issued (i) in bearer form 
only, (ii) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes only) in bearer form exchangeable

--- Page 15 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
15 
for Registered Notes, or (iii) in registered form only. Each Tranche of Bearer Notes 
and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary Global 
Note, without interest coupons, which will be deposited on the issue date with (i) 
a Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in 
the case of a temporary Global Note which is in CGN form and (ii) a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or otherwise delivered 
as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in the case of a temporary 
Global Note which is in NGN form. No interest will be payable in respect of a 
temporary Global Note, except as described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. Interests in a temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so stated in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes, after the date falling 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Tranche as certified in writing by the 
relevant Dealer upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in 
a permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in bearer form 
or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer Notes) registered form as described under 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. Only 
Rabobank may issue Bearer Notes in NGN form. 
 
Registered Notes (other than AMTNs) will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series and may be represented by a Global Certificate. 
Unrestricted Notes in registered form will initially be represented by an 
Unrestricted Global Certificate, without interest coupons, which may be deposited 
on the issue date (i) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, with (a) (in respect of Global 
Certificates which are not held under the NSS) a Common Depositary on behalf 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) (in respect of Global Certificates 
which are held under the NSS), a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared 
through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC or delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Restricted Notes in registered form 
will initially be represented by a Restricted Global Certificate, without interest 
coupons, which may be deposited on the issue date either (a) (in respect of Global 
Certificates which are not held under the NSS) with a Common Depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) (in respect of Global 
Certificates which are held under the NSS) a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (iii) with a custodian for, and registered in the 
name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, DTC. Only Rabobank may issue Notes which 
are offered and sold in the United States to “qualified institutional buyers” pursuant 
to Rule 144A and are issued as Restricted Notes or Notes represented by a 
Restricted Global Certificate. 
 
Beneficial interests in Global Certificates held by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected 
only through, records maintained by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC and their participants. See “Clearing and Settlement”. 
 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in a Global Note for another 
Global Note and Definitive Notes and the exchange of interests in each Global

--- Page 16 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
16 
Certificate for individual Certificates are described in “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
 
AMTNs will be issued in registered form only, and their issue will be reflected by 
inscription in the Australian Register in evidence of which an AMTN Global 
Certificate will be issued and held by the Australian Register on behalf of the 
Holders registered in the Australian Register, each of which will be registered in 
the name of Austraclear for so long as the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear 
System. 
 
For so long as AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System, beneficial interests 
in such AMTNs will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only 
through, records maintained by Austraclear and its participants. 
 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in a Global Note for another 
Global Note and Definitive Notes and the exchange of interests in each Global 
Certificate for individual Certificates are described in “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
 
Each Series of SIS Notes will be represented by a permanent Global Note (the 
“Swiss Permanent Global Note”). 
Clearing 
Systems: 
In respect of Notes other than AMTNs and SIS Notes, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear, DTC and, in relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as 
may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. SIS 
Notes will be cleared through SIX SIS Ltd. 
 
Each series of AMTNs will be registered in the name of Austraclear and entered 
in the Austraclear System. 
Initial Delivery of 
Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche (other than a Tranche of AMTNs), if 
the relevant Global Note representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes is an NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the 
Global Note or Global Certificate will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the Issue Date for each 
Tranche, if the relevant Global Note representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes is a CGN or the Global Certificate representing Registered Notes is 
not held under the NSS, such Global Note or Global Certificate may (or, in the 
case of Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited 
with a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global 
Notes or Global Certificates relating to Notes that are not listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange may also be deposited with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system, provided that the method of such delivery 
has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing systems 
on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a common nominee for 
such clearing systems. 
In the case of AMTNs, on or before the issue date for each Tranche of AMTNs, 
an AMTN Global Certificate will be issued and delivered to the Australian Register 
to be held by it on behalf of Austraclear as the registered holder of the AMTNs. 
In the case of SIS Notes, the Swiss Permanent Global Note shall be deposited by 
the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent with SIX SIS Ltd or any other 
intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange 
(SIX SIS Ltd or any such other intermediary, the “Intermediary”). Once the Swiss 
Permanent Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the

--- Page 17 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
17 
accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the SIS Notes will 
constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) in accordance with the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Swiss 
Federal 
Intermediated 
Securities 
Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes 
(other than AMTNs) may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers, except that, at the date hereof, only Rabobank may 
issue Notes denominated in Sterling. 
AMTNs will be issued in AUD (Australian Dollar). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may 
be issued with any maturity between seven days and perpetuity. 
Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that (i) individual Certificates will only be available, in the case 
of Notes initially represented by a Restricted Global Certificate and sold pursuant 
to Rule 144A, in amounts of U.S.$100,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s)), or higher integral multiples 
of U.S.$1,000, in certain limited circumstances described in “Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” and “Clearing and 
Settlement” and (ii) Senior Preferred Notes which are PR Notes or Exempt Notes, 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency). 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST 
Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes:  
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will bear interest calculated by reference to a fixed rate of 
interest for an initial period and thereafter by reference to a fixed rate of interest 
recalculated on certain dates and by reference to a mid-swap rate or to a reference 
bond rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified 
in the Final Terms, such interest being payable in arrear on the date or dates, in 
each case, specified in the Final Terms. 
Variable Rate 
Notes: 
Variable Rate Notes will bear fixed rate, floating rate, CMS-linked, range accrual 
rate and/or inverse floating rate interest payable on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: (a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the “ISDA Rate”) or 
(b) by reference to LIBID, LIMEAN, GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, EURIBOR, EONIA, 
STIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index Rate, 
Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate, CNH HIBOR, EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, 
JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate or USD-ISDA-Swap Rate (or, in the case of Exempt Notes 
only, such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) or 
as adjusted for any applicable margin or (c) for AMTNs only, by reference to the 
Bank Bill Rate as determined in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dated Subordinated Notes or (d) in the case of Exempt Notes only, using any

--- Page 18 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
18 
other method of determination as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Notes where the Rate of Interest is determined based upon an ISDA 
Rate, where the relevant Floating Rate Option is not available or cannot be 
determined in the manner provided in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (as applicable), the Floating Rate Option shall be determined by 
reference to, amongst others, an alternative Floating Rate Option, an alternative 
screen page, quotes from a specified number of reference banks and/or as 
otherwise commercially agreed between the relevant parties, in each case in 
accordance with the detailed procedures set out in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as applicable).  
The Issuer will not issue Notes referencing an ISDA Rate to retail investors.  
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate and/or a minimum 
interest rate. 
Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes bear interest (if any) at a rate determined by reference 
to a floating rate (determined in accordance with (a), (b) or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes only) (d) of “Floating Rate Notes” above) or the mathematical sum of or 
difference between two such floating rates (the “Inverse Rate”), and may be 
subject to a minimum amount. The rate of interest applicable in respect of an 
interest period is calculated by reference to one of the following formulae (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
INV(1): The rate of interest will be calculated by subtracting from a margin, the 
relevant reference rate or floating rate option (as the case may be). 
INV(2): The rate of interest will be calculated by multiplying an inverse rate by a 
gearing factor and subtracting the result from a margin. 
INV(3): The rate of interest will be calculated by multiplying an inverse rate by a 
gearing factor and subtracting the result from the rate of interest calculated for the 
immediately preceding interest period. 
INV(4): The rate of interest will be calculated by (a) multiplying the sum of an 
inverse rate and a margin by a gearing factor, and (b) subtracting the resulting 
amount in (a) from the rate of interest calculated for the immediately preceding 
interest period. 
INV(5): The rate of interest will be calculated by (a) multiplying an inverse rate by 
a gearing factor and (b) subtracting the resulting amount in (a) from the sum of the 
rate of interest calculated for the immediately preceding interest period and a 
margin. 
INV(6): The rate of interest will be the greater of (a) an inverse rate multiplied by 
a gearing factor, and the result subtracted from a margin, and (b) the sum of 
another margin and the rate of interest calculated for the immediately preceding 
interest period. 
INV(7): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) an inverse rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and the result subtracted from a margin, and (b) the sum of another 
margin and the rate of interest calculated for the immediately preceding interest 
period. 
INV(8): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) the greater of (i) an inverse rate 
multiplied by a gearing factor, and the result subtracted from a margin, and (ii) the 
sum of another margin and the rate of interest calculated for the immediately

--- Page 19 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
19 
preceding interest period, and (b) the sum of another margin and the rate of 
interest calculated for the immediately preceding interest period.  
Range Accrual 
Notes: 
Range Accrual Notes bear interest (if any) at a variable rate determined by 
reference to a floating rate (determined in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes only) (d) of “Floating Rate Notes” above) depending 
on how many days such floating rate is above or below a specified barrier or within 
a specified range (based upon whether certain specified conditions are satisfied) 
during a specified observation period. Interest is calculated by reference to one of 
the following formulae (as specified in the relevant Final Terms):  
RAN(1): The rate of interest will be product of (a) an applicable rate and (b) a 
Range Accrual Fraction, where the “Range Accrual Fraction” is the resulting 
fraction of the quotient of (i) the number of fixing days during the relevant interest 
period on which a specified accrual rate falls inside or outside a specified range 
and (ii) the total number of fixing days in the relevant interest period. 
RAN(2): The rate of interest will be product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction and 
(b) the sum of an applicable rate and a margin. 
RAN(3): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction 
and (b) an applicable rate multiplied by a gearing factor and a margin added to the 
result. 
RAN(4): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction 
and (b) the lesser of (i) an applicable rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a 
margin added to the result, and (ii) the Maximum Rate of Interest.  
RAN(5): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction 
and (b) the greater of (i) an applicable rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a 
margin added to the result and (ii) a minimum interest rate. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount and 
will not bear interest. 
CMS Linked 
Notes: 
CMS Linked Notes bear interest (if any) at a rate determined by reference to one 
or more swap rates. The amount of interest payable is proportionate to either a 
single swap rate, the mathematical sum of or difference between two such swap 
rates or calculated in accordance with another of the formulae detailed below, and 
may be subject to a minimum and/or maximum amount. The rate of interest 
applicable in respect of an interest period is calculated by reference to one of the 
following formulae (as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
CMS(1): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate. 
CMS(2): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate plus a margin.  
CMS(3): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor and a margin being added to the result. 
CMS(4): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor.  
CMS(5): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate plus a margin and the 
resulting amount being multiplied by a gearing factor. 
CMS(6): The rate of interest will be equal to the difference between two different 
CMS rates. 
CMS(7): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) the difference between two 
different CMS rates, and a margin added to the result, and (b) a gearing factor.

--- Page 20 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
20 
CMS(8): The rate of interest will be the sum of (a) the product of (i) the difference 
between two different CMS rates and (ii) a gearing factor, and (b) a margin. 
CMS(9): The rate of interest will be the greater of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) an applicable rate (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, will be a different rate to the CMS rate) multiplied by 
another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result.  
CMS(10): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) an applicable rate (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, will be a different rate to the CMS rate) multiplied by 
another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result.  
CMS(11): The rate of interest will be the greater of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) another CMS rate 
multiplied by another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result. 
CMS(12): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) another CMS rate 
multiplied by another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result.  
CMS(13): The rate of interest will be the difference between (a) the greater of (i) 
a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and 
(ii) a minimum rate of interest, and (b) the greater of (i) another CMS rate multiplied 
by another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result, and (ii) another 
minimum rate of interest. 
CMS(14): The rate of interest will be the difference between (a) the lesser of (i) a 
CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (ii) 
a maximum rate of interest, and (b) the lesser of (i) another CMS rate multiplied 
by another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result, and (ii) another 
maximum rate of interest. 
CMS(15): The rate of interest will be the greater of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) the product of (i) the 
difference between two CMS rates, and a margin added to that result, and (ii) 
another gearing factor. 
CMS(16): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) the product of (i) the 
difference between two CMS rates, and a margin added to that result, and (ii) 
another gearing factor.  
CMS(17): The rate of interest will be the sum of a margin, and the product of a 
gearing factor and the greater of (a) the sum of (i) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor and (ii) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin 
added to that result, and (b) the sum of (i) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor and (ii) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to 
that result. 
CMS(18): The rate of interest will be the sum of a margin, and the product of a 
gearing factor and the lesser of (a) the sum of (i) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor and (ii) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin 
added to that result, and (b) the sum of (i) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor and (ii) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to 
that result. 
CMS(19): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) (i) first, a margin will be 
added to a CMS rate, (ii) secondly, the resulting amount calculated in (i) above 
multiplied by a gearing factor and one added to that result, (iii) thirdly, the resulting

--- Page 21 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
21 
amount calculated in (ii) above raised to a power and from that result one 
subtracted, and (b) another gearing factor. 
CMSRA(1): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction 
and (b) an applicable rate (which rate may be a CMS rate), where the “Range 
Accrual Fraction” is the resulting fraction of the quotient of (i) the number of fixing 
days during the relevant interest period on which a specified accrual rate falls 
inside or outside the specified range and (ii) the total number of fixing days in the 
relevant interest period. 
CMSRA(2): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) the Range Accrual 
Fraction and (b) the sum of an applicable rate (which may be a CMS rate) and the 
margin. 
CMSRA(3): The rate of interest applicable in respect of any interest period will be 
the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction, and (b) the sum of (i) an applicable 
rate (which may be a CMS rate) multiplied by a gearing factor and (ii) a margin.  
CMSRA(4): The rate of interest applicable in respect of any interest period will be 
the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction and (b) the lesser of (i) an applicable 
rate (which may be a CMS rate) multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added 
to that result and (ii) a maximum interest rate.  
CMSRA(5): The rate of interest applicable in respect of any interest period will be 
the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction and (b) the greater of (i) an applicable 
rate (which may be a CMS rate) multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added 
to that result and (ii) a minimum interest rate. 
Dual Currency 
Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Payments of principal in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Equity Linked 
Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of Equity Linked Redemption Notes or of interest 
in respect of Equity Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to a single 
equity security or basket of equity securities on such terms as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Equity Linked Redemption Notes may be settled at 
maturity or otherwise by receipt by the Noteholder(s) of a Final Redemption 
Amount or by delivery of the Underlying Securities, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
FX Linked Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of FX Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in 
respect of FX Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to a foreign 
exchange rate or a basket of foreign exchange rates and/or a formula specified in 
the Final Terms or a combination thereof, on such terms as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. FX Linked Redemption Notes may be settled at maturity 
or otherwise by receipt by the Noteholder(s) of a Final Redemption Amount, in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Index Linked 
Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes or of interest 
in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to a single 
index or basket of indices and/or formula on such terms as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Other Notes: 
Terms applicable to high interest Notes, low interest Notes, step-up Notes, step-
down Notes, reverse dual currency Notes, optional dual currency Notes, partly

--- Page 22 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
22 
paid Notes and any other type of Note that the Issuer and any Dealer or Dealers 
may agree to issue under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. Such Notes (other than step-up Notes and step-down Notes) may be 
issued only as Exempt Notes which are also Senior Preferred Notes. 
Interest Periods 
and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or 
its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
A. Senior Preferred Notes 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable, which, in the case of Exempt Notes which are Senior Preferred Notes 
only, may be by reference to a stock, index or formula or as otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption by 
Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Preferred Notes that 
are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and 
the amounts in which, such Senior Preferred Notes may be redeemed. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Preferred Notes will 
state whether such Senior Preferred Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders, 
and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. If Clean-up Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, if the principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding is the Relevant Threshold Percentage or less of the 
principal amount of the Notes originally issued, elect to redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest thereon, in accordance with the terms applicable to such 
redemption. See the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes – 
Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the option of the Issuer”. 
Automatic Early 
Redemption: 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
has occurred or will occur in relation to any Interest Payment Date falling on or 
after the Automatic Early Redemption Commencement Date specified in the Final 
Terms but prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem all of the Notes on 
such Interest Payment Date at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Early 
Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Senior Preferred Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity (i) for tax reasons, (ii) 
where it determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations under the 
Senior Preferred Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge its obligations 
under the Senior Preferred Notes has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise 
prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present 
or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation 
thereof, (iii) in the case of Equity Linked Notes, and the relevant Final Terms so 
specify, for reasons affecting an Underlying Security or its Company, (iv) in the 
case of Index Linked Notes, for reasons affecting the Index or its Index Sponsor, 
(v) in the case of FX Linked Notes for reasons affecting the FX Rate or FX Rate

--- Page 23 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
23 
Sponsor, and (vi) in the case of Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, FX 
Linked Notes and other Senior Preferred Notes under which amounts payable may 
be determined by reference to a formula, and the relevant Final Terms so specify, 
for reasons of disruption to, or increase in cost of, the Issuer’s or its Affiliates’ 
related hedging arrangements. See the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Preferred Notes – Redemption, Purchase and Options”.  
B. Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Preferred MREL Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes will state whether such Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption. If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, if the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding 
is the Relevant Threshold Percentage or less of the principal amount of the Notes 
originally issued, elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Optional Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon, in accordance with the terms applicable to such redemption. See the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Issuer’s Call Options”. 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes may only be 
redeemed in accordance with “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes – Redemption and Purchase –
Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase”. 
Redemption for 
Tax Reasons: 
If as a result of a Tax Law Change the Issuer would be required to pay Additional 
Amounts with respect to the Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes then, subject to certain conditions, as more particularly set out in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption, 
Substitution, Variation and Purchase”, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount as 
more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes – Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption due to Taxation”. 
Redemption due 
to a MREL 
Disqualification 
Event: 
If (i) MREL Disqualification Event Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(ii) a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then, subject to 
certain conditions, as more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes – Redemption 
and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase”, 
the Issuer may, at its option, at any time redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, as more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes – Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption due to a MREL Disqualification Event”. 
Substitution and 
Variation: 
If Substitution and Variation and/or (in respect of any Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
only) Alignment Event are specified in the relevant Final Terms and an MREL 
Disqualification Event and/or, as applicable, an Alignment Event has occurred and 
is continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having given the certification 
and notice required by Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for such substitution 
or variation, substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes

--- Page 24 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
24 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders of such Series, so that 
the substituted notes are, or that the Notes remain, MREL Compliant Notes.  
No Set-Off or 
Netting: 
Any right of set-off or netting by the Holder or Couponholder in respect of any 
amount owed to such Holder or Couponholder by the Issuer under or in connection 
with any Senior Preferred MREL Note or Non-Preferred Senior Note or Coupon 
shall be excluded. 
C. Dated Subordinated Notes 
Optional 
Redemption: 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and subject to certain 
conditions, as more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase”, the Issuer may elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes on any Optional Redemption Date at the Optional 
Redemption Amount. If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, at any time (i) from the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date 
or (ii) if otherwise permitted by the Competent Authority, if in either case the 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding is the Relevant Threshold 
Percentage or less of the principal amount of the Notes originally issued, elect to 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, in accordance with the 
terms applicable to such redemption. See the “Terms and Conditions of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Issuer’s Call Options”.  
Redemption for 
Tax Reasons: 
If as a result of a Tax Law Change that causes a change in the tax treatment of 
the Dated Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
in respect of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of 
the most recent Tranche of Dated Subordinated Notes in a Series, the Issuer 
will be required to pay Additional Amounts with respect to payments on the 
Dated Subordinated Notes;  
(ii) 
in respect of a redemption following the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of 
the most recent Tranche of Dated Subordinated Notes in a Series, there is 
more than an insubstantial risk that the Issuer will be required to pay 
Additional Amounts with respect to payments on the Dated Subordinated 
Notes; or 
(iii) interest payable on the Dated Subordinated Notes when paid would not be 
deductible by the Issuer for Netherlands corporate income tax liability 
purposes, 
then, subject to certain conditions, as more particularly set out in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes – Redemption and Purchase – 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase”, the Issuer may, at its option, at any 
time redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount as more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Redemption due to 
Taxation”. 
Redemption for 
Regulatory 
Purposes: 
If (i) Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) a Capital Event 
has occurred and is continuing, then, subject to certain conditions, as more 
particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes – 
Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption and Purchase”, the Issuer

--- Page 25 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
25 
may, at its option, at any time redeem all, but not some only, of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, as more particularly set 
out in “Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes – Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Regulatory Purposes”. 
No Set-Off or 
Netting: 
Any right of set-off or netting by the Holder or Couponholder in respect of any 
amount owed to such Holder or Couponholder by the Issuer under or in connection 
with any Dated Subordinated Note or Coupon shall be excluded. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
Status of Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, as further described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred Notes – Status of Notes”. 
Status of Senior 
Preferred MREL 
Notes: 
The Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and such Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes or Coupons shall, at all times, rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves (save for certain mandatory exceptions 
provided by law). The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable law, at all times, rank equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the 
Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Preferred Notes of the 
Issuer), present and future, other than, in a bankruptcy (faillissement), Statutory 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations.  
The Senior Preferred MREL Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
Status of Non-
Preferred Senior 
Notes: 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall qualify 
as, and comprise part of the class of, Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations 
and shall constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
such Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Coupons shall rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves (save for certain mandatory exceptions 
provided by law). The claims of Holders in respect of the payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them 
shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable law rank:  
(i) 
in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to all 
present or future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which do not qualify as Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Preferred MREL Notes of 
the Issuer and excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of 
the CRR (as defined below));  
(ii) 
in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, pari passu with any other Statutory 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations; and  
(iii) in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, senior to any Junior Obligations. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
Status of Dated 
Subordinated 
Notes: 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding applicable law 
(including as provided pursuant to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet)), any claims for payment under the Dated Subordinated Notes 
in respect of the principal amount constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and shall, in the case of (a) the bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) dissolution 
(ontbinding) of the Issuer, rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and:

--- Page 26 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
26 
(i) 
subordinated and junior to Senior Creditors of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer which 
constitutes Tier 2 Capital; and 
(iii) senior to any other present or future obligation of the Issuer which constitutes 
Tier 1 Capital. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to Holders in respect of the principal 
amount of Dated Subordinated Notes will, in the case of the bankruptcy or 
dissolution of the Issuer, only be made after all payment obligations of Senior 
Creditors have been satisfied in full. 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding applicable law 
(including as provided pursuant to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code 
(Faillissementswet)), any claims in respect of interest or Coupons shall in the case 
of (a) the bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) dissolution (ontbinding) of the Issuer rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and junior to all 
unsubordinated rights and claims (including with respect to the repayment of 
borrowed money).  
“Senior Creditors” means present or future (a) unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including creditors in respect of unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
having a lower ranking in reliance on Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing article 108 of Directive 
2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands) and 
excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR) and (b) 
creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated to 
the claims of other creditors of the Issuer, including claims in respect of interest 
on the Dated Subordinated Notes or Coupons (other than those whose claims are 
in respect of obligations which constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital). 
Ranking of the 
Notes: 
Ranking in bankruptcy 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes and 
the Senior Preferred MREL Notes. The Dated Subordinated Notes will rank junior 
to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
Ranking in resolution 
In the event of a resolution of the Rabobank Group: 
 
the principal amount in respect of capital instruments (which includes 
Dated Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital) must first be 
converted into claims which may give rights to Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital or written down (to the extent not already so converted or written 
down at the point where the resolution authority considers that the Issuer 
would otherwise no longer be viable);  
 
thereafter, other liabilities can be bailed-in, in the following order of 
priority: 
i. 
subordinated liabilities that do not or no longer qualify as capital 
instruments (including Dated Subordinated Notes that do not or 
no longer qualify as Tier 2 Capital as a result of Article 212rf of 
the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)) in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings;  
ii. 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and other instruments having a 
lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet); and

--- Page 27 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
27 
iii. 
thereafter, the rest of the bail-inable liabilities (such as the Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes) in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings,  
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in bankruptcy. 
Statutory Loss 
Absorption, 
Recapitalisation 
or exercise of 
other powers by 
the Resolution 
Authority in 
respect of the 
Notes: 
The Notes may become subject to the exercise by the Resolution Authority, 
without the consent of the relevant Noteholders, of any of the following powers, or 
a combination thereof (such powers, along with any other powers available to the 
Resolution Authority, being the “Resolution Authority Loss Absorption 
Powers”): 
 
the write down, reduction, cancellation or other application to absorb 
losses of all, or a portion, of the outstanding principal amount of such 
Notes (together with any accrued but unpaid interest, additional amounts 
and any other amounts due on or in respect thereof, the “Relevant 
Amounts”), subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss 
absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”);  
 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts into common 
equity Tier 1 instruments, shares, other securities or other obligations of 
the Issuer or another person (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”);  
 
the amendment or alteration of the nature of such Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on such Notes, or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and  
 
the variation of the terms of such Notes, as deemed necessary by the 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any such powers by 
the Resolution Authority,  
in each case all as prescribed by the resolution framework applicable to the Issuer. 
Upon the exercise of any such Resolution Authority Loss Absorption Powers: (i) 
no repayment or payment of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will 
become due and payable or be paid if and to the extent such Relevant Amounts 
have been written down, reduced, cancelled, otherwise applied to absorb losses, 
converted, amended or altered as a result of such exercise; (ii) such exercise shall 
not constitute an event of default for any purpose; and (iii) the relevant Noteholders 
and Couponholders will have no further claims in respect of any Relevant Amount 
so written down, reduced, cancelled, otherwise applied to absorb losses, 
converted, amended or altered as a result thereof.  
OTHER PROVISIONS 
Rating: 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
Long-term Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme by Rabobank are 
expected to be rated AA- by Fitch and long-term Senior Preferred Notes issued 
under the Programme by Rabobank Australia Branch are expected to be rated 
AA- by Fitch Australia. Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme are 
expected to be rated Aa2 by Moody’s. Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of 
one year or more issued under the programme are expected to be rated A+ by 
S&P. 
As defined by Fitch, an “AA” rating means that the Notes are judged to be of very 
low default risk. It indicates very strong capacity for payment of financial

--- Page 28 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
28 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
The modifier “-” is appended to denote relative status within the rating category. 
As defined by Moody’s, obligations rated “Aa” are judged to be of high quality and 
are subject to very low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates that the obligation ranks 
in the lower-range of its generic rating category. 
As defined by S&P, Notes rated “A” have a strong capacity to meet financial 
commitments, but are somewhat susceptible to economic conditions and changes 
in circumstances. The “A” rating is modified by the addition of a plus (+) sign to 
show relative standing within the “A” rating category. 
 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes: 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be 
rated AA- by Fitch and A+ by S&P.  
As defined by Fitch, an “AA” rating means that the Notes are judged to be of very 
low default risk. It indicates very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
The modifier “-” is appended to denote relative status within the rating category. 
As defined by S&P, Notes rated “A” have a strong capacity to meet financial 
commitments, but are somewhat susceptible to economic conditions and changes 
in circumstances. The “A” rating is modified by the addition of a plus (+) sign to 
show relative standing within the “A” rating category. 
 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes: 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be 
rated A+ by Fitch and A- by S&P.  
As defined by Fitch, an “A” rating means that the Notes are judged to be of low 
default risk. The modifier “+” is appended to denote relative status within the rating 
category. 
As defined by S&P, Notes rated “A” have a strong capacity to meet financial 
commitments, but are somewhat susceptible to economic conditions and changes 
in circumstances. The “A” rating is modified by the addition of a minus (-) sign to 
show relative standing within the “A” rating category. 
 
Dated Subordinated Notes: 
Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB+ by S&P. 
As defined by Moody’s, obligations rated “Baa” are subject to moderate credit risk 
and are considered medium-grade and as such may possess speculative 
characteristics. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end 
of its generic rating category. 
As defined by S&P, an obligation rated “BBB” exhibits adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances 
are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments 
on the obligation. The “BBB” rating is modified by the addition of a plus (+) sign to 
show relative standing within the “BBB” rating category. 
 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same

--- Page 29 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
29 
as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without prior 
notice.  
 
In addition, Rabobank’s long-term deposits and senior debt ratings are rated “AA 
(low)” by DBRS. As defined by DBRS, rating category “AA” means that the 
relevant obligations are of superior credit quality. The capacity for the payment of 
financial obligations is considered high. Credit quality differs from AAA only to a 
small degree. They are unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made free and 
clear of withholding taxes of the Netherlands, Australia or New Zealand, as the 
case may be, except where such a withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In the event of any withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or within the Netherlands (in the case of Rabobank, Rabobank 
Australia Branch and Rabobank New Zealand Branch), Australia (in the case of 
Rabobank Australia Branch) and New Zealand (in the case of Rabobank New 
Zealand Branch), or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, subject 
to the exceptions and limitations as described in the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred Notes – Taxation”, “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes – Taxation” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes – Taxation”, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that 
with respect to the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
and Dated Subordinated Notes only, no Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to payment of any amount of principal, nor shall any Additional Amounts 
be payable in respect to payment of any amount of interest if withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). 
Governing Law: 
The laws of the Netherlands. 
Listing: 
Euronext Amsterdam, the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. Each Series of SIS Notes will be listed 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Risk Factors: 
The purchase of Notes may involve substantial risks and is suitable only for 
investors who have the knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of an 
investment in the Notes. A description of the material risks relating to the Notes 
and to the Issuer is contained under the heading “Risk Factors”. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Australia, Belgium, Canada, European Economic Area, the Republic of France, 
Hong Kong, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Singapore, Spain, 
Switzerland, Taiwan, United Kingdom and United States. See “Plan of 
Distribution”.  
 
For the purposes of Regulation S, Category 2 selling restrictions shall apply.

--- Page 30 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
30 
 
In the case of Bearer Notes offered to non-U.S. persons and certain eligible U.S. 
persons, such Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the 
relevant Final Terms states that the Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) 
or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final 
Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. In the case of a 
distribution under Rule 144A, Notes will be issued in registered form (as 
determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 
Transfer 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Registered Notes offered and sold 
pursuant to Rule 144A. See “Transfer Restrictions” and “Plan of Distribution”.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies, which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent material risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in 
which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to 
the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a 
number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be 
interdependent, as described further in each of the risk factors below (where relevant). While the risk 
factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one category 
and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section and 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein). Where a risk factor could belong in more than one category, such risk factor is included in the 
category that is most appropriate for it.  
Unless defined herein, words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Preferred Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes” (as applicable) shall have the 
same meanings in these risk factors. 
1. Risks Related to the Issuer  
Section A: Risks related to the Issuer’s financial position 
Rabobank faces substantial funding and liquidity risk  
Rabobank’s primary source of funding is customer deposits (FY 2022: €396.5 billion; FY 2021: €372.4 
billion) followed by wholesale funding (FY 2022: €124.4 billion; FY 2021: €121.7 billion). Customer deposits 
are, generally speaking, volatile by nature and therefore no clear predictions can be made as to their 
amounts. Given that Rabobank’s funding requirements are greater than the amount of customer deposits, 
Rabobank is also reliant on wholesale funding to fund its balance sheet, which requires access to capital 
and money markets. Access to wholesale funding may be negatively affected by concerns about 
Rabobank’s credit strength or a downgrade of any of its credit ratings. Access can also be influenced by 
concerns about the market segments in which Rabobank is active or by a general market disruption.  
Despite its solid financial results of 2022, driven in part by the changing interest environment, Rabobank 
continues to face many challenges that may have an impact on its results as well as funding and liquidity 
position, including, among others, extensive regulation for banks, high inflation, geopolitical tensions, 
potential market disruptions, climate risk (including the nitrogen discussion in the Netherlands), cyber risks, 
and competition from new (digital) non-banks. In 2022, impairment charges on financial assets amounted 
to €344 million. This represents an increase of €818 million compared to 2021. Impairment charges 
increased partly as a result of Rabobank’s decision to wind down all its activities in Russia following its

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
invasion of Ukraine. In addition, a management adjustment was applied to reflect the adverse 
macroeconomic conditions and uncertainties. Even though the impact of the macroeconomic 
developments in 2022 on the credit quality of the loan portfolio has been muted so far, Rabobank remains 
cautious. For DLL International B.V. (“DLL”), new business margins decreased compared to 2021, due to 
rising funding costs and the fact that new business volumes were under pressure as supply chain 
disruptions and product shortages delayed the activation of lease contracts.  
Any such factors as described above may result in higher funding and refinancing costs in the capital 
markets and money markets, which may also affect or effectively limit access to these markets. Likewise, 
such factors may also adversely affect Rabobank's retail and other customer deposit funding positions. 
Although, in addition to the aforementioned funding sources, Rabobank may have access to the 
European Central Bank (the “ECB”) facilities, the sensitivity of Rabobank to a liquidity risk could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Funding risk is the risk of not being able to meet both expected and unexpected current and future cash 
outflows and collateral needs without affecting either daily operations or the financial position of Rabobank. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the bank will not be able to meet all of its payment obligations on time, as well 
as the risk that the bank will not be able to fund increases in assets at a reasonable price. Important factors 
in preventing this are maintaining an adequate liquidity position and retaining the confidence of institutional 
market participants and retail customers to maintain the deposit base and access to public money and the 
capital markets for the Group. However, if these are seriously threatened, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank is subject to significant exposure to systemic risk 
The Group could be negatively affected by the weakness or the perceived weakness of other financial 
institutions, which could result in significant systemic liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other financial 
institutions and counterparties. This risk is sometimes referred to as ‘systemic risk’ and may adversely 
affect financial institutions as well as financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom the Group interacts on a daily basis. Concerns about, 
or a default by, a financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by 
other financial institutions, since the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions is 
closely related and inter-dependent as a result of credit, trading, clearing and other relationships. Any 
perceived lack of creditworthiness of a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses 
for the Group. Concerns about the creditworthiness of sovereigns and financial institutions in Europe and 
the United States exist. The large sovereign debts or fiscal deficits of a number of European countries and 
the United States go hand in hand with concerns regarding the financial condition of financial institutions. 
Banks typically hold large amounts of (national) sovereign debt instruments for liquidity, securities’ finance 
and collateral management purposes. As a result, changes affecting the value of these debt instruments 
affect financial institutions directly. Increased debt financing by sovereigns ultimately would lead to higher 
debt financing, rating adjustments and will likely have a negative impact on banks. The Group is exposed 
to the financial institutions industry, including sovereign debt securities, banks, financial intermediation 
providers and securitised products. Although the recent examples of failing banks have had limited impact 
on the Group, such developments are being monitored. Due to the Group’s exposure to the financial 
industry, it also has exposure to shadow banking entities, which are entities that carry out one or more 
credit intermediation activities, and which are not subject to prudential supervision that is at least equivalent 
in quality to the standards applied in the EU. Shadow banking exposures and the risks thereof are 
identified, monitored and reported as part of the credit risk management framework. In managing these 
exposures, Rabobank sets an aggregate limit thereon relative to its eligible capital. However, if the Group 
is unable to properly identify and monitor its shadow banking exposure, maintain an adequate framework, 
or ensure effective reporting and governance, any of the above-mentioned consequences of systemic risk

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability to raise new funding, its business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Rabobank is exposed to the risk of a credit rating downgrade of any of its credit ratings  
Rabobank’s access to capital and money markets is dependent on its credit ratings. The Group’s credit 
ratings could be negatively affected by a number of factors that can change over time, including a credit 
rating agency’s assessment of the Group’s strategy and management’s capability; its financial condition 
including in respect of profitability, asset quality, capital, funding and liquidity; the legal and regulatory 
frameworks applicable to the Group’s legal structure and business activities; changes in rating 
methodologies; the competitive environment, political and economic conditions in the Group’s key markets. 
A downgrading, an announcement of a potential downgrade in its credit ratings or a withdrawal of its credit 
rating, or a deterioration in the market’s perception of the Group’s financial position could significantly affect 
the Group’s access to money markets, reduce the size of its deposit base and trigger additional collateral 
or other requirements in derivatives contracts and other secured funding arrangements or the need to 
amend such arrangements, which could adversely affect the Group’s cost of funding, its access to capital 
markets and lead to higher refinancing costs and could limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into 
transactions with the Group. In addition, it might even limit access to these respective markets, and 
adversely affect Rabobank’s competitive position. This could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s 
prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank is exposed to credit risks, which could result in economic losses 
Rabobank is exposed to credit risk arising from third parties that owe money, securities or other 
assets. These parties include customers, issuers whose securities are being held by an entity within 
Rabobank, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and credit and other derivative contracts, 
clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries. The credit quality of the 
Group’s borrowers and other counterparties is impacted by prevailing economic and market conditions and 
by the legal and regulatory landscape in the relevant market and any deterioration in such conditions or 
changes to legal or regulatory landscapes could worsen borrower and counterparty credit quality and 
consequently impact the Group’s ability to enforce contractual security rights. These parties may default 
on their obligations to Rabobank due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real 
estate values, operational failure or other reasons and could have an adverse effect on Rabobank’s 
business, financial position and results of operations. Any such defaults will reflect the adequacy of 
Rabobank’s credit provisions. These provisions relate to the possibility that a counterparty may default on 
its obligations which arise from lending or other financial transactions. If future events or the effects thereof 
do not fall within any of the assumptions, factors or assessments used by the Group to determine its credit 
provisions, these provisions could be inadequate. Inadequate provisions and economic losses in general 
have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank’s business is primarily concentrated in the Netherlands  
 
 Rabobank generates a large part of its profit in the Netherlands (in 2022, 53 per cent. of its operating 
profit before tax was derived from its operations in the Netherlands) and therefore is particularly exposed 
to the economic, political and social conditions in the Netherlands. Economic conditions in the Netherlands 
may be negatively influenced by conditions in the global financial markets and economy. Following growth 
of 2.4 per cent. in 2018, Dutch gross domestic product (“GDP”) grew by 2.0 per cent. in 2019, decreased 
by 3.9 per cent. in 2020 and increased by 4.9 per cent. in 2021, which was driven by the economic rebound 
and containment measures related to COVID-19. GDP grew by 4.5 per cent. in 2022, despite high inflation 
and energy prices, rising interest rates and low consumer confidence. Any deterioration or merely a long-
term persistence of a difficult economic environment in the Netherlands could negatively affect the demand 
for products and services of Rabobank, as well as the credit risk of its borrowers. In addition to the 
Netherlands, Rabobank is active in 36 countries, including, amongst others, Australia, New Zealand, the 
United States and Brazil. In addition, Rabobank is generally exposed to transfer and/or collective debtor

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
34 
risk outside of the Netherlands. Transfer risk relates to the possibility of foreign governments placing 
restrictions on funds transfers from debtors in that country to creditors abroad. Collective debtor risk relates 
to the situation in which a large number of debtors in a country cannot meet their commitments for the 
same reason (e.g. war, political and social unrest or natural disasters, but also government policy that does 
not succeed in creating macroeconomic and financial stability). Unpredictable and unexpected events 
which increase transfer risk and/or collective debtor risk could have a material adverse effect on 
Rabobank’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Conditions in the global financial markets and economy could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
The profitability of the Group could be adversely affected by a downturn in general economic 
conditions in the Netherlands or globally. Financial markets are volatile. Factors such as actions by central 
banks, interest rates, exchange rates, inflation, deflation, investor sentiment, the availability and cost of 
credit, the liquidity of the global financial markets and the level and volatility of equity prices can significantly 
affect the activity level of customers and the profitability of the Group. Further, geopolitical tensions, 
terrorism and armed conflicts may have an adverse impact on Rabobank’s financial results or its business. 
In respect of the Russia/Ukraine conflict that started to escalate in February 2022, Rabobank decided in 
2022 to withdraw from Russia completely. Rabobank and its subsidiary DLL have successfully withdrawn 
from virtually all activities in Russia. Consequences related to the conflict for geopolitical stability, food and 
energy supply and prices, and cross-border financial transactions (including as a result of economic 
sanctions) may have an adverse impact on Rabobank’s financial results or its business (see also “Risk 
Management – Country Risks – Risks in non-OECD countries”). Rising inflation played a major role in 
2022, and as a result the ECB started to raise interest rates as of the second half of the year. Consequently, 
short-term interest rates increased to move out of the negative territory and long-term interest rates also 
showed a steep increase. Additionally, in recent years, leverage has significantly increased on a global 
scale, which has led to an increase in financial vulnerabilities, in particular on the corporate and sovereign 
side.  
Factors such as the war in Ukraine, a fragmented world order with intensifying tensions in Asia, the 
consequences of the global COVID-19 pandemic and yield curve control by central banks are prolonging 
economic instability and inflation, which could lead to a solvency or Eurozone crisis. The underlying 
problems of an interconnected world and fragile supply chains are becoming even clearer. Though 2023 
started with a positive rebound in global economic activity across the board, it has been overshadowed by 
an increase in inflation, higher financing costs and lingering supply chain issues. The issue of inflation is 
currently further propelled by the economic consequences of the Russian invasion into Ukraine, as prices 
of basic commodities such as oil and oil products, as well as wheat, cooking oil and other food staples 
have increased all around. Countries with an import dependency in these areas are confronted with 
challenges in terms of inflation and current account balance management. Increased interest rates may 
result in decreased economic value of equity. An economic downturn, or significantly higher interest rates 
for customers, could adversely affect the credit quality of the Group’s assets by increasing the risk that a 
greater number of its customers would be unable to meet their obligations. The large-scale lay-offs in the 
tech sector globally, which has shown strong growth and performance in recent years, reflects concerns 
about rising funding costs and the prospect of a recession. Moreover, a market downturn in the Dutch or 
global economy could reduce the value of the Group’s assets and could cause the Group to incur marked-
to-market losses in its trading portfolios or could reduce the fees the Group earns for managing assets or 
the levels of assets under management. In addition, a market downturn and increased competition for 
savings in the Netherlands could lead to a decline in the volume of customer transactions that the Group 
executes and, therefore, a decline in customer deposits and the income it receives from commissions and 
interest. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Material factors affecting results of operations – General market conditions” for (other) factors that could 
affect the Group’s results of operations. Continuing volatility in the financial markets or a protracted

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
35 
economic downturn in the Group’s major markets or the Group’s inability to accurately predict or respond 
to such developments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
In addition, developments like the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank, the seizure of 
First Republic Bank and the last-minute rescue of Credit Suisse could adversely affect general economic 
conditions and thereby the profitability of the Group, although the impact seems to be limited so far.  
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and 
the value of the Notes. 
Inflation may negatively affect Rabobank’s business, results and financial condition  
Globally, inflation increased significantly during 2022. If the increase in inflation is prolonged in 
Rabobank’s principal markets, this could have multiple impacts on Rabobank and may negatively affect 
Rabobank’s business, results and financial condition.  
For example, a sustained increase in the inflation rate may result in an increase in market interest 
rates, which may (i) decrease the estimated fair value of certain fixed income securities and collateral that 
Rabobank holds in its investment portfolios, (ii) result in increased withdrawal of certain savings products, 
particularly those with fixed rates below market rates, (iii) require Rabobank, as an issuer of securities, to 
pay higher interest rates on debt securities that it issues in the financial markets from time to time to finance 
its operations, which would increase its interest expenses and reduce its results of operations and/or (iv) 
result in customer defaults as interest rate rises flow through into payment stress for lower credit quality 
customers. 
The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world may materially and adversely 
affect Rabobank’s business, financial condition and results of operations  
The outbreak of communicable diseases, pandemics and epidemics or health emergencies all 
impact the business and economic environment in which Rabobank operates. Certain of these risks are 
often experienced globally as well as in specific geographic regions where Rabobank does business. The 
coronavirus (or COVID-19) outbreak, which spread globally in the beginning of 2020, has disrupted various 
markets and was a major contributor to global uncertainty. COVID-19 continued to affect the economic 
environment throughout 2022, albeit less than in 2021 as lockdown regulations were relaxed in January 
2022. However, in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chains remain disrupted and the 
monetary and fiscal responses to the pandemic have significantly increased leverage globally, which has 
led to an increase in financial vulnerabilities. Any of the foregoing factors could still have a material adverse 
effect on Rabobank’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Rabobank is exposed to changes in the interest rate environment as well as other market risks 
Rabobank’s results could potentially be adversely impacted by the level of and changes in interest 
rates, exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and credit spreads. Low interest rates have had a 
negative effect on the net interest income of Rabobank in recent years. In 2022, Rabobank’s net interest 
income increased (2022: €9,149 billion; 2021: €8,351 billion). This was mainly driven by global interest 
rate increases and higher volumes leading to higher returns. Current inverse interest rate curves could be 
an indicator of an upcoming recession that might lead to lower rates and accompanying lower returns. 
From an income perspective, interest rate decreases are likely to have the most adverse impact on 
Rabobank, as shown by the lower net interest income in the years prior to 2022. From an asset revaluation 
perspective, recent interest rate increases affected value negatively, mainly impacting longer-term assets.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
Section B: Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Rabobank’s results are to a large extent related to its domestic residential mortgage portfolio 
Rabobank’s residential mortgage portfolio constitutes €193.0 billion (31 per cent. of the balance 
sheet total as at 31 December 2022). As a result, any material changes affecting this portfolio could have 
a material impact on Rabobank. An economic downturn, stagnation or drop in property values, changes in 
or abolition of the tax deductibility of interest payments on residential mortgage loans in the Netherlands, 
increased and/or decreased interest rates, the financial standing of borrowers or a combination thereof, 
could lead to a decrease in the production of new mortgage loans and/or increased default rates on existing 
mortgage loans. A decrease in the level of interest rates on residential mortgage loans could affect 
Rabobank through, among other things, (i) increased prepayments on the loan and mortgage portfolio, for 
instance when as a result of low interest rates on saving accounts prepayments on mortgage loans are 
considered more beneficial to customers than savings, (ii) interest rate averaging, (iii) low margins for 
mortgage loans, in particular long term mortgages loans and (iv) other measures enabling customers to 
benefit from the low interest rate environment. An increase in the level of interest rates on residential 
mortgage loans could affect Rabobank through lower demand for new mortgage loans in the short term 
and in the long term through an increasing number of borrowers having to utilise a larger proportion of their 
earnings to service the interest on such mortgage loans. 
The above factors, events and developments may have a negative impact on Rabobank’s interest 
margins on new and existing residential mortgage loans and may result in a decrease of its existing 
portfolio and/or in the production of new mortgage loans. The higher the loan-to-income ratio, the larger 
the proportion of the earnings of a borrower that will be needed to pay interest and principal under mortgage 
loans, especially when confronted with unexpected costs or expenses, or, in respect of an interest-only 
mortgage loan, the repayment of principal. This loan-to-income ratio and factors such as loss of earnings, 
illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies and bankruptcy filings 
by borrowers and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay their 
mortgage loans and lead to losses for Rabobank.  
The tax rate against which the mortgage interest payments may be deducted (the “deductibility 
maximum”) by Dutch homeowners has been gradually reduced since 1 January 2014. For taxpayers 
previously deducting mortgage interest at the 52 per cent. rate (the then highest income tax rate), the 
deductibility maximum was set at 40 per cent. in 2022. The deductibility maximum has been reduced to 
36.93 per cent. in 2023. This decrease could have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to pay 
interest and principal on their mortgage loans and may lead to different prepayment behaviour by 
borrowers on their mortgage loans and may thus result in higher or lower prepayment rates of such loans. 
Any such increase in prepayment rates, could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Changes in governmental policy or regulation with respect to the Dutch housing market could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank faces substantial competitive pressure both domestically as well as internationally, 
which could adversely affect its results 
Rabobank’s business environment in the Netherlands as well as internationally is highly competitive. 
Not only does Rabobank face competition from traditional banking parties, but also from non-banking 
parties, such as pension funds, insurance companies, technology giants, fintech companies, payment 
specialists, retailers, telecommunication companies and crowd-funding initiatives, all of which are offering 
some form of traditional banking services. Some of these parties have for example started to provide more 
segmented offers in the field of residential mortgages. In the Netherlands specifically, competition is 
reflected by an increased level of consolidation. This could result in increased pressure with regards to 
pricing particularly as competitors seek to win market share and may harm Rabobank’s ability to maintain 
or increase its market share and profitability. Rabobank’s ability to compete effectively depends on many

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
37 
factors, including its ability to maintain its reputation, the quality of its services and advice, its intellectual 
capital, product innovation, execution ability, pricing, sales efforts and the talent of its employees. Any 
failure by Rabobank to maintain its competitive position could have a material adverse effect on 
Rabobank’s prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank’s financial condition is to a large extent dependent on its ability to accurately price 
its services and products 
Rabobank’s financial condition is to a large extent dependent on the ability to set accurately its 
prices and rates. Accuracy on both is necessary to generate sufficient profits to cover costs and sustain 
losses. However, the ability to do so is subject to a range of uncertainties. For example, the interest rates 
or pricing of products and or services provided by Rabobank (such as loans and derivatives) may be based 
on references to various benchmarks (such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)), which are 
or may be the subject of reform or may be replaced or eliminated. This may result in rates and prices of 
products and services being determined on the basis of inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate 
analyses, assumptions or methodologies. If Rabobank fails to establish adequate rates and prices for its 
products and services, its revenues derived from such products could decline while its expenses increase 
resulting in proportionately greater financial losses. The replacement benchmarks, and the timing of and 
mechanisms for implementation have not all been confirmed by benchmark administrators and central 
banks. Accordingly, it is not currently possible to determine whether, or to what extent, any such changes 
would affect Rabobank.  
Rabobank is exposed to operational risks, including cybercrime risk 
Operational risks faced by Rabobank are risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, people or systems or by external events (this includes, amongst others, financial reporting risk, 
cyber risk, model risk, compliance risk, legal risk, BCM/IT risk, outsourcing risk and fraud risk). These risks 
arise from day-to-day operations and are relevant to every aspect of the business. These include all non-
financial risk types and can have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s reputation or have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Events in modern international 
banking have shown that operational risks can lead to substantial losses. Examples of operational risk 
incidents are highly diverse: fraud or other illegal conduct, failure of an institution to have policies, 
procedures and controls in place to prevent, detect and report incidents of non-compliance with applicable 
laws or regulations, claims relating to inadequate products, inadequate documentation, errors in 
transaction processing, non-compliance with applied sanctions, system failures, as well as the inability to 
retain and attract key personnel. Although Rabobank seeks to adhere to a robust Risk Framework on 
Operational Risk, Rabobank cannot ensure that execution and process failures, claims or compensation 
related to inadequate products, interruptions, fraud or breaches of its communication and information 
systems as a result of fraud or human error will not occur. In addition, if such events do occur, Rabobank 
cannot ensure that they will be adequately addressed in a timely manner. 
Additionally, cybercrime risk is also a relevant and ongoing threat that may lead to an interruption 
of services to customers, loss of confidential information or erosion of trust and reputation. The above may 
also apply to third parties on which Rabobank depends. The global environment in which Rabobank is 
operating requires constant adjustment to changing circumstances as technology becomes more complex 
and interconnected. Projects relating to cybercrime (including projects intended to ensure compliance with 
regulatory requirements) continue to take place within the bank to improve the processes and technology 
to counter existing and future cyberattacks by developing its knowledge and expertise. Any failure in the 
Group’s cybersecurity policies, procedures or controls, may result in significant financial losses, major 
business disruption, inability to deliver customer services, or loss of data or other sensitive information 
(including as a result of an outage) and may cause associated reputational damage. Any of these factors 
could increase costs, result in regulatory investigations or sanctions being imposed or may affect 
Rabobank’s ability to retain and attract customers. Regulators (e.g. in Europe) continue to recognise

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
38 
cybersecurity as an increasing systemic risk to the financial sector and have highlighted the need for 
financial institutions to improve their monitoring and control of, and resilience to cyberattacks, and to 
provide timely notification of them, as appropriate. 
Rabobank considers climate change and environmental degradation as one of its strategic risks  
Climate related and Environmental Social and Governance (“ESG”) risk is a driver for all traditional 
risks, predominantly credit risk. Climate and Environmental (“C&E”) risks amplify through transition 
channels, for example macro (e.g. GDP) and micro (e.g. crop losses) impacts. The materiality of C&E risks 
as a driver for the traditional risks is assessed as part of Rabobank’s risk taxonomy. Both physical and 
transition risks could impact the quality of Rabobank’s credit portfolio, especially its Food and Agriculture 
and mortgage portfolios. Of the four categories that the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (“TCFD”) distinguished, Rabobank classifies the following four portfolios as the most exposed 
to climate change risks: (i) energy, (ii) transportation, (iii) materials & building including real estate, and  
(iv) agriculture, food, and forestry products. Rabobank’s current overall exposure to these four industry 
sectors is roughly 60 per cent. of its group Exposure at Default (“EAD”). Significant climate-related and 
environmental related regulations for banks were issued in 2020 and further regulations are expected. The 
two most important guidelines launched in 2020 are the “ECB Guide on climate-related and environmental 
risks” and the “EBA guidelines on loan origination and monitoring”. The denominator of the guidelines is 
the focus on ESG. It is expected that the ECB will require banks to adopt a full end-to-end approach of 
climate-related and environmental risks embedded across every aspect of the bank. In 2020, a 5-year C&E 
risk roadmap with 29 deliverables was designed to enable an integrated approach on climate alignment, 
business strategy and risk management. Rabobank further developed its approach on integrating the risk 
of climate change by (further) developing climate risk management tools, processes and capabilities. As 
part of this integrated approach, Rabobank leverages its sector approach. In 2023, an ESG risk model 
vision roadmap has also been added, with a focus on ESG risk assessment, sector strategy, credit risk 
assessment and portfolio strategy. The focus of the 5-year roadmap is, among other things, on 
measurement (adapted from the annual report Risk Factors stress testing, scenario analyses, client risk 
assessments), structural improvement of data, monitoring and reporting. The roadmap aims to create 
awareness and expertise, and to expand disclosure on C&E risks. The implementation of the C&E risk 
roadmap and the roadmap on ESG risk model vision is a continuous journey whereby the roadmaps will 
need to undergo annual reassessment with a focus on a risk-based approach, designed to reduce the risk 
that climate change and environmental degradation have a material and adverse effect on Rabobank’s 
business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
Section C: Legal and regulatory risk 
The Group faces risk where legal and arbitration proceedings are brought against it. The outcome 
of such proceedings is inherently uncertain and could adversely affect its financial and business 
operations 
Rabobank is subject to a comprehensive range of legal obligations in all countries in which it 
operates. As a result, Rabobank is exposed to many forms of legal risk, which may arise in a number of 
ways. Failure to manage and or a negative outcome of potentially significant claims (including proceedings, 
collective-actions and settlements and including the developments described above), action taken by 
supervisory authorities or other authorities, legislation, sector-wide measures, and other arrangements for 
the benefit of clients and third parties could have a negative impact on Rabobank’s reputation or impose 
additional operational costs, and could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s prospects, business, 
financial condition and results of operations. Potentially significant examples of this include, but are not 
limited to, the proceedings described below.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
39 
Variable Interest Rates Conditions 
In the Netherlands, there is a debate about applying correct interest rate conditions for certain 
products. Such products are also included in the portfolio of Rabobank. In different cases the Dutch 
Financial Services Complaints Tribunal (Kifid) has ruled that lenders of certain consumer products should 
have followed the market rate while determining the variable interest rate of these products. Based on 
these Kifid rulings, Rabobank recognised in 2021 that it did not consistently adjust the interest rate of 
certain consumer credit products in accordance with the reference rate selected by Kifid. Therefore, 
Rabobank has made a provision of EUR 301 million to compensate clients with certain consumer credit 
products with a variable interest rate. There is uncertainty if other products with variable interest rates will 
also be affected. Rabobank considers the probability of this event to be not probable but more than remote. 
Rabobank cannot give a reliable estimate of the (potentially substantial) total financial risk of this contingent 
liability. 
A negative outcome of potentially significant claims (including proceedings, collective-actions and 
settlements and including the developments described above), actions taken by supervisory authorities or 
other authorities, legislation, sector-wide measures, and other arrangements for the benefit of clients and 
third parties could have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation or impose additional operational costs, 
and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s prospects, business, financial condition and 
results of operations. For an overview of the legal and arbitration proceedings of the Group, see 
“Description of Business of Rabobank Group — Legal and arbitration proceedings” on pages 317 to 318 
of this Base Prospectus. For relevant specific proceedings, reference is made to pages 184 to 186 of the 
Group’s audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, for year ended 31 
December 2022, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Anti-Money Laundering, Counter Terrorism Financing & Sanctions 
On 7 December 2022 Rabobank announced that the Dutch Public Prosecution Service considers 
Rabobank a suspect in connection with the violation of the Dutch Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorist 
Financing Act (Wet ter voorkoming van witwassen en financiering van terrorisme, “Wwft”) and that an 
investigation is ongoing. This follows the earlier announcement by the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V., (“DNB”) to Rabobank in 2021 (communicated by Rabobank on 15 November 
2021) that a punitive enforcement procedure will be started. Rabobank is fully cooperating with this 
investigation. 
European Union Competition Law Proceedings 
As announced by the European Commission on 6 December 2022, the European Commission has 
initiated antitrust proceedings against Rabobank and one other bank. These proceedings relate to conduct 
on the secondary market for Euro-denominated “Sovereign, SSA (Supra-Sovereign, Foreign Sovereign, 
Sub-Sovereign/Agency), Covered and Government Guaranteed bonds.” In these proceedings, the 
European Commission is investigating bilateral contacts between certain traders at Rabobank and the 
other bank in Europe in the period between 2005 and 2016 that the European Commission is concerned 
may have infringed EU competition law. Rabobank is cooperating with this investigation. 
Currently, the European Commission has issued a statement of objections (“SO”) informing the 
parties of the objections raised against them. The SO reflects the European Commission’s preliminary 
views on the matter and does not prejudge the outcome of the investigation. Consequently, the parties can 
examine the documents in the European Commission's investigation file, reply in writing and request an 
oral hearing. If after hearing the oral and written replies from the parties, the European Commission 
concludes that there is proof for an infringement, it can adopt a decision prohibiting the conduct and 
imposing a fine. There is no legal deadline for the European Commission to complete its investigation. The 
duration of such investigation depends on a number of factors, including the complexity of the case. The 
parties have a right to appeal the European Commission’s decision before the court.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
40 
Rabobank does not admit the preliminary allegations raised by the European Commission and 
intends to strongly defend itself against these objections. 
Relatedly, a putative class action suit was brought against Rabobank and the other bank by civil 
plaintiffs before the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on 9 December 2022. 
These civil proceedings are at an early stage and no claim for damages has been quantified as yet.  
Rabobank takes the stance that it has substantive and convincing legal and factual defences against the 
claims made, and Rabobank intends to continue to defend itself against these claims. 
Rabobank’s financial condition is exposed to changes as a result of transitions in benchmark 
rates 
Regulators continue to drive a transition from the use of certain benchmark rates to alternative risk-
free rates. In the United Kingdom, the publication of 24 London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) settings 
(as detailed in the FCA statement on 4 January 2022) has ceased permanently. Such settings include, but 
are not limited to, all euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR and 
Japanese Yen LIBOR, in addition to 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR.  
In relation to sterling and Japanese yen LIBOR, since the end of 2021, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month 
sterling and Japanese yen LIBOR setting have been permanently unrepresentative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that such settings are intended to measure. The representativeness of such 
setting has not been restored; instead, such settings have been calculated using a different “synthetic” 
methodology since the end of 2021. As first detailed in the FCA announcement on 29 September 2022, all 
synthetic Japanese yen settings have now ceased permanently as at the end of 2022. As first clarified in 
the FCA’s statement on 23 November 2022, publication of the1-month and 6-month synthetic sterling 
LIBOR settings has now ceased permanently after final publication on 31 March 2023. The FCA confirmed 
in its statement on 12 April 2023 that it would allow the publication of 3-month synthetic sterling LIBOR 
until the last business day of March 2024, being Thursday 28 March 2024.  
Regarding US dollar LIBOR, the overnight 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month US dollar 
LIBOR settings will continue to be calculated using panel bank submissions until June 2023. As mentioned 
in its announcement on 3 April 2023, the FCA will require ICE Benchmark Administration Limited to 
continue publishing 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR using an unrepresentative synthetic 
methodology until 30 September 2024. In the same announcement, the FCA also strongly reiterated the 
need for market participants to actively remediate contracts that reference US dollar LIBOR ahead of 30 
September 2024. Regulators in the US, including, but not limited to, the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (“CFTC”), have also strongly urged market participants to transition to alternative rates. To 
facilitate the transition away from LIBOR, the FCA also confirmed in its statement of 3 April 2023 that it 
would permit the use of 1-month, 3-month and 6-month synthetic US dollar LIBOR settings in all legacy 
contracts except cleared derivatives. Conversely, the FCA reiterated (reinforcing its announcement on 1 
January 2022) that all use of synthetic US dollar LIBOR would be prohibited in new contracts.  
The Group has a significant exposure to benchmark rates, primarily through its derivatives, 
commercial lending and legacy securities. Although the Group is actively engaged with customers and 
industry working groups to manage the risks relating to such exposure, and is exploring ways to utilise 
alternative risk free rates to the extent possible, the legal mechanisms to effect transition cannot be 
confirmed, and the impact cannot be determined nor any associated costs accounted for, until such time 
that alternative risk free rates are utilised exclusively, and there is market acceptance on the form of 
alternative risk free rates for different products, and certain benchmark obligations may not be able to be 
changed. The transition and uncertainties around the timing and manner of transition to alternative risk-
free rates represent a number of risks for the Group, its customers and the financial services industry more 
widely, including:

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
41 
 
legal risks arising from potential changes required to documentation for new and existing 
transactions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and 
prospects;  
 
financial risks arising from any changes in the valuation of financial instruments linked to 
benchmark rates, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of 
operations and financial condition;  
 
operational risks arising from the potential requirement to adapt IT systems, trade reporting 
infrastructure and operational processes, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and results of operations; and  
 
conduct risks arising from the potential impact of communication with customers and 
engagement during the transition period, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and prospects.  
Accordingly, it is not currently possible to determine whether, or to what extent, any such changes 
would affect Rabobank. However, the implementation of alternative benchmark rates may, as a result of 
one or more of the risks set out in the preceding paragraph, have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
See also the risk factor “Rabobank’s financial condition is to a large extent dependent on its ability 
to accurately price its services and products” for other examples relating to benchmark reform which could 
have a material adverse impact on Rabobank. 
The Group’s participation in the Single Resolution Fund and the Dutch Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme may have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition  
Since 2015, the Group has been required to make yearly contributions to the resolution funds which 
were established to ensure the efficient application of resolution tools and the exercise of the resolution 
powers conferred to the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) by the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (as 
amended, the “SRM Regulation”). In 2022, the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (the “SRF”) 
amounted to €331 million, as compared to €272 million in 2021.  
Furthermore, the SRM (as defined below) (see the risk factor entitled “Resolution regimes may lead 
to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to 
lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding”) and other new European rules on deposit 
guarantee schemes could have an impact on the Group in the years to come. All these factors could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In November 2015, a new way of financing the Dutch deposit guarantee scheme (the “Dutch 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme”), a pre-funded system that protects bank depositors from losses caused by 
a bank’s inability to pay its debts when due, came into force. As of 2016, banks were required to pay a 
premium on a quarterly basis. The target size of the scheme is 0.8 per cent. of total guaranteed deposits 
of all banks in the Netherlands. In 2022, the Group’s contribution to the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
amounted to €180 million compared to €227 million in 2021.  
There can be no assurance that additional taxes or levies will not be imposed, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
For further information on regulation applicable to Rabobank, please see the section entitled 
“Regulation of Rabobank Group”.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
42 
The Issuer is subject to stress tests and other regulatory enquiries, the outcome of which could 
materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s reputation, financing costs and trigger enforcement 
action by supervisory authorities 
The banking sector, which includes the Group, is subject to periodic stress testing and other 
regulatory enquiries to examine the resilience of banks to adverse market developments. Such stress tests 
are initiated and coordinated by the EBA or the ECB. Stress tests and the announcements of their results 
by supervisory authorities can destabilise the banking or the financial services sector and lead to a loss of 
trust with regard to individual banks or the financial services sector as a whole. The outcome of stress tests 
could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s reputation, financing costs and trigger enforcement action 
by supervisory authorities. The outcome of stress tests could also result in the Group having to meet higher 
capital and liquidity requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations, profitability or reputation. 
In addition, stress tests could divulge certain information that would not otherwise have surfaced or which 
until then, the Issuer had not considered to be material and worthy of taking remedial action on. This could 
lead to certain measures or capital and funding requirements by supervisory authorities being imposed or 
taken, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
profitability or reputation. 
Rabobank is subject to changes in financial reporting standards and or polices, which might have 
an adverse impact on its reported results and financial condition 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the European Union, which is periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time, the 
Group is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognised bodies, including 
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB“). It is possible that future accounting standards 
which the Group is required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that applies to its 
consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s results of operations and financial condition, may affect the comparability of ratios between periods 
and may also have a corresponding material adverse effect on capital ratios.  
Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse 
for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding 
The Special Measures Financial Institutions Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële 
ondernemingen, the “Intervention Act”), the Directive 2014/59/EU for the establishment of an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, “BRRD”) 
(as implemented under Dutch law) and the SRM Regulation set out the intervention and resolution 
framework applicable to the Issuer. 
Recovery and resolution plans and powers to address impediments to resolvability 
The Group has drawn up a recovery plan. In addition, the SRB, in cooperation with the DNB acting 
in its capacity as the national resolution authority draws up a resolution plan for the Group on a yearly 
basis providing for resolution actions it may take if the Group is failing or is likely to fail. In drawing up the 
Group’s resolution plan, the SRB can identify any material impediments to its resolvability. Where 
necessary, the SRB may require the removal of such impediments. This may lead to mandatory 
restructuring of the Group, which could lead to high transaction costs, or could make the Group’s business 
operations or its funding mix to become less optimally composed or more expensive. 
Early intervention measures 
If the Group would infringe or, due to a rapidly deteriorating financial condition, would be likely to 
infringe capital or liquidity requirements in the near future, the ECB has power to impose early intervention 
measures on the Group. A rapidly deteriorating financial condition could, for example, occur in the case of

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
43 
a deterioration of the Group’s liquidity position, or in the case of increasing levels of leverage, non-
performing loans or concentrations of exposures. Intervention measures include the power to require 
changes to the legal or operational structure of the Group, or its business strategy, and the power to require 
the Managing Board to convene a meeting of the General Members’ Council of Rabobank, failing which 
the ECB can directly convene such meeting, in both cases with the power of the ECB to set the agenda 
and require certain decisions to be considered for adoption. Furthermore, if these early intervention 
measures are not considered sufficient, management may be replaced or a temporary administrator may 
be installed. A special manager may also be appointed who will be granted management authority over 
the Issuer instead of its existing executive board members, in order to implement the measures decided 
on by the ECB. These measures, when implemented, may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being 
available to investors for recourse for their claims. 
(Pre-)Resolution measures 
If Rabobank or the Group were to reach a point of non-viability but not (yet) meet the conditions for 
resolution, the SRB in close cooperation with the national resolution authority can take pre-resolution 
measures. These measures include the power to write down capital instruments (such as Dated 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital) or convert them into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
instruments. 
If Rabobank meets the conditions for resolution, the SRB may take resolution measures. Conditions 
for resolution are: (i) the ECB or the SRB determines that Rabobank is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) having 
regard to the circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector or 
supervisory action would, within a reasonable timeframe, prevent the failure of Rabobank, and (iii) the 
resolution measure is necessary in the public interest. 
Rabobank would be considered to be failing or likely to fail, inter alia, if it infringes capital or liquidity 
requirements or Rabobank’s liabilities exceed its assets, or Rabobank is unable to pay its debts and 
liabilities as they fall due, or there are objective elements to support a determination that this will be the 
case in the near future. 
Resolution tools of the SRB include a sale of a business or part of a business, a bridge institution 
tool, an asset separation tool and a bail-in tool that would enable the write-down and conversion of debt 
(such as the Notes) into shares and other instruments of ownership to strengthen the financial condition of 
the failing bank and allow it to continue as a going concern subject to appropriate restructuring. The SRB 
also has the power to require the mandatory write-down of capital instruments (including instruments such 
as the Dated Subordinated Notes) when a bank enters resolution. Any such mandatory write-down could 
lead to losses for investors in the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
When applying the resolution tools and exercising the resolution powers, including the preparation 
and implementation thereof, the SRB can exercise its powers irrespective of any restriction on, or 
requirement for consent for, transfer of the financial instruments, rights, assets or liabilities in question that 
might otherwise apply. Any such exercise may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to 
investors for recourse for their claims. 
Risks relating to the EU Banking Reforms 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission announced amendments of certain provisions 
of, inter alia, CRD IV, CRR, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation which were included in the EU banking 
reform package adopted in April 2019 (the “EU Banking Reforms”) and which, amongst other things, are 
intended to implement the final total loss-absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) standard and clarify its interaction 
with MREL (as defined below).  
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission presented its proposals on a review of the CRR 
and CRD IV. This review consists of the following legislative elements: a proposal to amend Directive (EU) 
2019/878 (“CRD V”), a proposal to amend Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending the CRR as regards the

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
44 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements (“CRR II”), and a separate, targeted 
proposal to amend CRR II in the area of resolution (the so-called ‘daisy chain’ proposal). The package is 
now being negotiated by the Council of the EU and the European Parliament. 
The Intervention Act, BRRD, SRM and the EU Banking Reforms may lead to lower credit ratings 
and may increase the Issuer’s cost of funding and thereby have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s funding 
ability, financial position and results of operations. In case of a capital shortfall, the Issuer would first be 
required to carry out all possible capital raising measures by private means, including the conversion of 
junior and other debt into equity (which may include the Dated Subordinated Notes, the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and/or the Senior Preferred Notes), before one is eligible 
for any kind of restructuring State aid. 
In addition, potential investors should refer to the risk factors entitled “Any difficulty in raising 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial position and results of operations” and “The Notes may be subject to resolution 
powers (including powers to write down debt) so there is a risk that a Noteholder may lose some or all of 
its investment upon the exercise of such powers by the resolution authority” which set out the risks relating 
to the resolution framework applicable to the Group. 
Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results of operations 
In order to ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools introduced by BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation, the BRRD and SRM Regulation require that all institutions (including Rabobank) must 
meet a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) set by the relevant resolution 
authorities.  
On 22 March 2023, Rabobank received its updated MREL requirement from the Dutch Central Bank 
(acting in its capacity as National Resolution Authority), as decided on by the SRB on 7 November 2022. 
The updated total MREL requirement to have been met as an intermediate binding requirement by 1 
January 2022 is 23.11 per cent. of risk weighted assets (“Risk-Weighted Assets” or “RWAs”) and 7.5 per 
cent. of leverage ratio exposure. The updated binding total MREL requirement to be met by 1 January 
2024 is 24.00 per cent. of RWAs and 7.55 per cent. of the leverage ratio exposure. The updated 
subordinated MREL requirement to have been met as an intermediate binding requirement by 1 January 
2022 is 17.71 per cent. of RWAs and 7.5 per cent. of leverage ratio exposure. The updated subordinated 
MREL requirement to be met by 1 January 2024 is 19.05 per cent. of RWAs and 7.55 per cent. of the 
leverage ratio exposure. 
Any future changes may also require the Group to raise additional regulatory capital or hold 
additional liquidity buffers which may adversely affect the Group’s financial position and results of 
operation. As a result, it is not possible to give any assurances as to the ultimate scope, nature, timing, 
disclosure and consequences of breach of any resulting obligations, or the impact that they will have on 
Rabobank once implemented. If the Group were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, 
it may have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations which would have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results of operations. In addition, the above 
requirements and the market’s perception of the Group’s ability to satisfy them may adversely affect the 
market value of the Notes. 
Any increase in the Group’s minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirements may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations  
Under CRD IV, institutions (including Rabobank) are required to hold a minimum amount of 
regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. of the aggregate total risk exposure amount of RWAs of the Group

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
45 
(of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 Capital). In addition to these so-called 
minimum or “Pillar 1” “own funds” requirements, Directive 2013/36/EU (the “CRD IV Directive”) also 
introduced capital buffer requirements that are in addition to the minimum “own funds” requirements and 
are required to be met with Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. It provides for five capital buffers: (i) the capital 
conservation buffer, (ii) the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, (iii) the global systemically 
important institutions buffer (the “G-SII Buffer”), (iv) the other systemically important institutions buffer (the 
“O-SII Buffer”) and (v) the systemic risk buffer. The capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.), O-SII Buffer 
(2.0 per cent) and countercyclical capital buffer (0.03 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) all apply to the 
Group (the systemic risk buffer was suspended by DNB due to the implementation of CRD V) and some 
or all of the other buffers may be applicable to the Group from time to time, as determined by the ECB, the 
DNB or any other competent authority at such time. Any increase in the pillar 2 requirements and/or capital 
buffer requirements, including an increase of the systemic risk buffer by DNB, may require the Group to 
increase its CET1 Ratio (which is the ratio between Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and total Risk-Weighted 
Assets) and also its overall amount of capital and MREL which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
In addition to the “Pillar 1” and capital buffer requirements described above, CRD IV contemplates 
that competent authorities may require additional “Pillar 2” capital to be maintained by an institution relating 
to elements of risks which are not fully captured by the minimum “own funds” requirements (“additional 
own funds requirements”) or to address macro-prudential requirements. 
On 15 December 2022, Rabobank published its ECB capital requirements as of January 2023, 
determined pursuant to the SREP (as defined below). The ECB decision requires that Rabobank maintains 
a total supervisory review and evaluation process (“SREP”) capital requirement of 9.9 per cent. of the 
RWAs on a consolidated basis and 8.0 per cent on an individual basis. The consolidated requirement 
consists of an 8 per cent. minimum own funds requirement and a 1.9 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement (“P2R”). 
56.25 per cent. of P2R is to be held in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital and 75 per cent. 
in the form of Tier 1 capital, as a minimum. 
The total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital minimum requirement is 5.6 per cent., consisting of the 
minimum Pillar 1 requirement (4.5 per cent.) and the P2R (1.1 per cent.).  
In addition, Rabobank is required to comply with the combined buffer requirements consisting of the 
capital conservation buffer, the O-SII buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer (each as described 
above) that needs to be applied on top of these Common Equity Tier 1 Capital requirements. When taking 
into account the suspended systemic risk buffer imposed by DNB (0 per cent.), this translates into an 
aggregate 10.1 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital requirement as of January 2023. At the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital requirement as of January 2023 continues to 
apply to Rabobank and the Group complies with this requirement. 
In the Netherlands, the countercyclical capital buffer currently has been set at zero per cent. by 
DNB. However, DNB and (in respect of exposures outside the Netherlands) local regulators may set the 
countercyclical capital buffer at a level other than zero per cent., resulting in a countercyclical capital buffer 
of 0.03 per cent. as of 31 December 2022. Recently DNB revised its countercyclical buffer framework 
where DNB anticipates a build-up of the countercyclical capital buffer towards 2 per cent. in a standard 
risk environment. DNB announced that it will activate a 1% countercyclical buffer for Dutch exposures as 
of 25 May 2023. With the intended use of the countercyclical capital buffer, DNB aims to take greater 
account of the inherent uncertainty in measuring cyclical systemic risks. 
The ECB decision also requires that Rabobank maintains a CET1 Ratio of 7.0 per cent. on an 
individual basis. This 7.0 per cent. capital requirement is comprised of the minimum Pillar 1 requirement 
(4.5 per cent.) and the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.).

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
46 
Rabobank currently intends to maintain an internal management buffer comprising Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital over the combined buffer requirement applicable to the Group. As part of its Strategic 
Framework 2016-2020 and an update of the strategy, in anticipation of the expected impact of new rules 
on capital requirements, the Group aims at a long term CET1 Ratio of a minimum of 14 per cent., but there 
can be no assurance that this target ratio will be maintained. This target could be revised as a result of 
regulatory developments. As at 31 December 2022, the CET1 Ratio of the Group was 16.0 per cent. and 
the solo CET1 Ratio of the Group was 15.2 per cent.. There can be no assurance, however, that Rabobank 
will continue to maintain such internal management buffer or that any such buffer would be sufficient to 
protect against a breach of the combined buffer requirement resulting in restrictions on payments on its 
Common Equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 instruments.  
The Group is subject to the risk, inherent in all regulated financial businesses, of having insufficient 
capital resources to meet its minimum regulatory capital requirements, any additional own funds 
requirements or any capital buffer requirements. Capital requirements may increase if economic conditions 
or negative trends in the financial markets worsen. Any failure of the Group to maintain its “Pillar 1” 
minimum regulatory capital ratios, any “Pillar 2” additional own funds requirements or any capital buffer 
requirements could result in administrative actions or sanctions, which in turn could have a material 
adverse impact on the Group’s results of operations. A shortage of available capital may restrict the 
Group’s opportunities. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) finalised 
the Basel III reforms (also referred to as “Basel IV” by the industry) (the “Basel III Reforms”).  
Of the Basel III Reforms, the introduction of the standardised credit risk RWA (REA) floor is expected 
to have the most significant impact on the Group. The standards for the new standardised credit risk RWA 
(REA) calculation rules include (i) introduction of new risk drivers, (ii) introduction of higher risk weights 
and (iii) reduction of mechanistic reliance on credit ratings (by requiring banks to conduct sufficient due 
diligence, and by developing a sufficiently granular non-ratings-based approach for jurisdictions that cannot 
or do not wish to rely on external credit ratings). The implementation of the standardised RWA (REA) floors 
is expected to have a significant impact on the calculation of the Group’s risk weighted assets due to the 
substantial difference in RWA (REA) calculated on the basis of advanced approaches and such calculation 
on the basis of new standardised rules for mortgages and exposures to corporates. On 27 October 2021, 
the European Commission published the legislative proposals to implement the Basel III Reforms in the 
EU. The proposals indicate that implementation will start in January 2025. In anticipation of the 
implementation, DNB has set a minimum floor on the risk-weighting of (part of) the mortgage loan portfolios 
of Dutch banks, such as Rabobank, using internal risk models for said risk-weighting. The measure will be 
effective until 1 December 2024 (after which it will be reviewed and could either be abandoned or renewed). 
In addition, further RWA increases, which could be considerable, are expected in 2023 and 2024, resulting 
from model changes reflecting EBA guidelines as well as other model redevelopments. 
If the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity restrictions or ratios applied to the Group are 
increased in the future, any failure of the Group to maintain such increased capital and liquidity ratios may 
result in administrative actions or sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding Basel III Reforms 
and CRD IV, including their implementation in the Netherlands, please see the section entitled “Regulation 
of Rabobank Group”. 
The Issuer’s ability to retain and attract qualified employees is critical to the success of its business 
and the failure to do so may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations 
The Group’s success depends to a great extent on the ability and experience of its senior 
management and other key employees. The loss of the services of certain key employees, particularly to 
competitors, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
47 
of operations. The failure to attract or retain a sufficient number of appropriate employees could 
significantly impede the Group’s financial plans, growth and other objectives and have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. It can also impede the Group's 
ability to comply with relevant laws and regulations going forward (thereby resulting in compliance risk, in 
addition to business risk) e.g. following investigations by the Dutch Public Prosecutor and the European 
Commission, the Group’s worldwide financial economic crime (FEC) workforce expanded to over 7,000 
full-time employees (FTEs) in 2022 compared to approximately 4,650 FTEs in 2021. 
Section D: Taxation risk 
Tax risk 
The Group is subject to the tax laws of all countries in which it operates. The main categories of 
relevant taxes are corporate tax, wage tax, value added tax, bank tax and withholding taxes. Tax risk is 
the risk associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law. It also includes the risk of 
changes in tax rates and the risk of failure to comply with procedures required by tax authorities. Failure 
to manage tax risks could lead to an additional tax charge. It could also lead to a financial penalty for failure 
to comply with required tax procedures or other aspects of tax law. If, as a result of a particular tax risk 
materialising, the tax costs associated with particular transactions are greater than anticipated, it could 
affect the profitability of those transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations or lead to regulatory enforcement action or may 
have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation. 
Bank tax 
In 2012, the Dutch government introduced a bank tax for all entities that are authorised to conduct 
banking activities in the Netherlands. The tax is based on the amount of the total liabilities on the balance 
sheet of the relevant bank as of the end of such bank’s preceding financial year, with exemptions for equity, 
deposits that are covered by a guarantee scheme and for certain liabilities relating to insurance business. 
The levy on short-term funding liabilities is twice as high as the levy on long-term funding liabilities. The 
Group was charged a total of €149 million in Dutch bank tax in 2022 (as compared to €214 million in 2021).  
In addition, in 2022, the bank levy payable by Rabobank in Belgium amounted to €7 million (as 
compared to €9 million in 2021). Any future increases of the bank tax charged to the Group could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 
2. Risks related to the Notes 
Section A – Risk Factors Relating to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes Issued Under the Programme 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors, the most common of which are set out below: 
A.1 Risks related to a Particular Issue of Notes under the Programme 
If any Notes are redeemed by the issuer prior to their maturity, an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves the same effective return 
The Final Terms of any issue of a Series of Notes under the Programme may specify that such Notes are 
subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer (in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, pursuant to the 
Issuer’s options under Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Preferred Notes, in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, Condition 6(c) (Issuer’s Call Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
48 
MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and in respect of the Dated Subordinated Notes, Condition 
6(c) (Issuer’s Call Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes).  
If Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer in certain 
circumstances has the ability to exercise a “clean-up” call in relation to the relevant series of Notes. If the 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding is the Relevant Threshold Percentage (as defined in the 
relevant Terms and Conditions) or less of the principal amount of the Notes originally issued, the Issuer 
may (subject, in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes, to it being any time (i) from the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date or (ii) otherwise permitted by the Competent Authority (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes)) then redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining 
outstanding Notes of that series at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
together with any unpaid and accrued interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period, in particular where there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood 
that the Issuer will be able to elect to redeem Notes in such redemption period. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that, 
due to early redemption, its investment will have a lower-than-expected yield. The Issuer may redeem 
Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Future discontinuance of IBORs may affect the value of Floating Rate Notes that reference IBORs 
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on which fluctuates according to 
fluctuations in a specified interest rate benchmark (“benchmarks”).  
In the United Kingdom, certain LIBOR benchmarks have ceased to be published and are no longer 
representative and there is consultation on requiring certain LIBOR benchmarks to be continued on a 
changed methodology (‘synthetic’) basis – see the risk factor entitled “Rabobank’s financial condition is 
exposed to changes as a result of transitions in benchmark rates”. Additionally, the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”) has implemented a hybrid methodology for EURIBOR, having transitioned away 
from a quote-based methodology.  
The changes in the manner of administration of EURIBOR or any other benchmark could require 
an adjustment to the terms and conditions to reference an alternative benchmark, or result in other 
consequences, including those which cannot be predicted, in respect of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes, whose interest 
rates are linked to EURIBOR or any such other benchmark that is subject to reform or elimination). For 
Notes that reference EURIBOR, the regulatory authorities have identified €STR as the new euro risk-free 
rate and therefore €STR or a term rate based on €STR may be selected as the replacement rate in the 
event of the discontinuation of EURIBOR; however, there can be no guarantee that €STR or a term rate 
based on €STR would be selected as such time. See also the risk factor entitled “Floating Rate notes – 
Benchmark Unavailability and Discontinuation” below. 
Accordingly, in respect of any Notes referencing a relevant benchmark, such reforms and changes 
in applicable regulation could have a material adverse effect on the market value and return on such Notes 
(including potential rates of interest thereon).  
Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Unavailability and Discontinuation 
(i) 
The Relevant Screen Page may be unavailable or discontinued

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
49 
Investors should be aware that, if any benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the 
rate of interest on Notes which reference any such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period 
by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the relevant 
benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant 
benchmark was available. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Events may occur 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs in respect of a Reference Rate other 
than a SOFR Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes), the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser. After consulting with 
the Independent Adviser, the Issuer shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate, despite the continued availability of the Original Reference 
Rate. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result 
in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
be referenced. In addition, the market (if any) for Notes linked to any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate may be less liquid than the market for Notes linked to the Original Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for any Reference Rate other than a SOFR 
Reference Rate) is determined by the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser), the 
Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. Prospective investors should note that the Issuer is liable for the payment of interest due 
under the Notes on the one hand and, on the other hand, may determine the necessary adjustments to 
the interest rate in case of a Benchmark Event. The interests of the Issuer may therefore conflict with the 
interests of the Noteholders when making such determinations which could negatively impact the return 
on investment for Noteholders if the Alternative Rate or the Successor Rate are determined in a manner 
which is favourable to the Issuer. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser), the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the 
Conditions) will be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. Whilst the purpose of any 
Adjustment Spread is to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders as a result of the application of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the application of 
the Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not do so in all circumstances and may result in the Notes 
performing differently (for example, paying a lower interest rate, trading at a lower market price and/or 
paying a lower yield) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form.  
(iii) 
Benchmark Transition Events in respect of a SOFR Reference Rate may occur 
 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date occur in respect of a 
SOFR Reference Rate, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the SOFR Reference Rate for all 
purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. The use of any Benchmark Replacement to determine the Rate 
of Interest is likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the SOFR Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the SOFR 
Reference Rate were to continue to be linked or referenced. In addition, the market (if any) for Notes linked 
to any such Benchmark Replacement may be less liquid than the market for Notes linked to the relevant 
SOFR Reference Rate.

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
50 
Furthermore, if a Benchmark Replacement for a SOFR Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer 
or its designee, the Conditions provide that the Issuer or its designee may make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice, without any 
requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. Prospective investors should note that the Issuer 
is liable for the payment of interest due under the Notes on the one hand and, on the other hand, may 
determine the necessary adjustments to the interest rate in case of a Benchmark Transition Event. The 
interests of the Issuer may therefore conflict with the interests of the Noteholders when making such 
determinations which could negatively impact the return on investment for Noteholders if the Benchmark 
Replacement is determined in a manner which is favourable to the Issuer. 
If a Benchmark Replacement is determined by the Issuer or its designee, the Conditions also 
provide that Benchmark Replacement Adjustments (as defined in the Conditions) may be applied to such 
Benchmark Replacement. The application of the Benchmark Replacement Adjustments to the Notes may 
result in the Notes performing differently (for example, paying a lower interest rate, trading at a lower 
market price and/or paying a lower yield) than they would do if the relevant SOFR Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form.  
(iv) 
Floating rate notes may yield fixed rate returns 
If any Reference Rate is discontinued permanently, and the Issuer, for any reason (including, but 
not limited to, as a result of the operation of Condition 5(i)(vii) of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Condition 5(i)(vii) of the Dated Subordinated Notes), is unable to determine 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or (in the case of Notes referencing a SOFR Reference Rate) 
Benchmark Replacement, the Rate of Interest may revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before such Reference Rate was discontinued, and such Rate of 
Interest will continue to apply until maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming 
Fixed Rate Notes.  
(v) 
Operation of fallback provisions are uncertain 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates, Alternative Rates and 
Benchmark Replacements, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the possibility that a licence or 
registration may be required under applicable legislation for establishing and publishing fallback interest 
rates, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time which could 
adversely affect the liquidity, trading market and the value of the Notes.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, by operation of the contractual fallback provisions in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, the Issuer does not determine a benchmark in a manner that requires a licence 
under applicable laws. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SONIA, SOFR and 
€STR) as reference rates for floating rate Notes. 
(i) 
Development of risk-free rates and market 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as 
the SONIA, SOFR and €STR, as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro 
bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates 
not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and 
methodologies might be adopted.  
SONIA, SOFR and €STR are, in the case of SONIA only, recently reformed and in the case of SOFR 
and €STR, relatively newly established risk-free rates. Therefore, such risk-free rates have a limited 
performance history and the future performance of such risk-free rates may be difficult to predict. As a

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
51 
consequence, no future performance of such risk-free rate or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be 
inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical performance data. In addition, investors should be 
aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference 
rates. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and 
therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR 
began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmarks or other market rates.  
(ii) 
Calculation of Interest 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate e.g. Compounded Daily SONIA, 
which is calculated using the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions, not the risk-free rate 
published on or in respect of a particular date during such Observation Period. For this and other reasons, 
the interest rate on the Notes during any Observation Period will not be the same as the interest rate on 
other investments linked to the risk-free rate that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable 
interest rate.  
In addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for Notes referencing risk-free rates 
continue to develop and market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to 
design alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain risk-
free rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average of these references 
rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities 
such as the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those 
of Notes referencing rates that are more widely used. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes 
referencing risk-free rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous Notes referencing risk-free rates issued by it.  
Interest on the Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference risk-
free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the 
Notes become due and payable pursuant to an Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a 
date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date 
the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other 
sources and Rabobank has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. 
There can be no guarantee that the relevant risk-free rate (or the SOFR Compounded Index or SONIA 
Compounded Index) will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference such risk-free rate (or that any 
applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Noteholders). None of the Bank of England, the 
Federal Reserve or the European Central Bank have an obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders 
in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing the relevant risk-free rate (or the SOFR 
Compounded Index or SONIA Compounded Index). If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is 
calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such 
Notes and the trading prices of such Notes.  
(iii) 
Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to the Notes that reference

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
52 
a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or any other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Notes.  
Creditors of Rabobank’s branches may benefit from statutory protections which may affect 
the recoverability of the Noteholders’ claims, in any bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation 
scenarios  
Rabobank may issue Notes under the Programme through Rabobank Australia Branch or 
Rabobank New Zealand Branch and pursuant to its other funding programmes it may issue other debt 
securities through its branches in other jurisdictions, including New York. Investors in any such Notes or 
other debt securities issued by Rabobank’s branches may benefit from statutory protections in such 
jurisdictions, which include the ability of local regulators and authorities to ring fence, or take possession 
of, Rabobank’s assets located in such jurisdiction for the benefit of the creditors of those branches in 
circumstances where Rabobank is placed in liquidation or there is reason to doubt Rabobank’s ability to 
pay its creditors in full. Accordingly, in any bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of Rabobank in the 
Netherlands, creditors of Notes issued by Rabobank may not have access to any such assets until the 
claims of the creditors of Rabobank’s branches have been satisfied. Therefore, the amounts available to 
satisfy the claims of Noteholders upon any such bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation may be reduced. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denominations may be unable to sell 
their Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be 
issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. Any such holding of Notes that is less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive bearer Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a minimum Specified Denomination. 
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes that 
have a denomination which is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
A failure by the Issuer to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds 
in connection with Eligible Green Assets and/or any failure to meet the investment 
requirements of certain investors may affect the value and/or trading price of such Green 
Bonds  
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of an amount equivalent to the 
proceeds of the Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of 
specified “green” assets (any such assets, the “Eligible Green Assets”, and any such Notes, the “Green 
Bonds”) in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework including certain prescribed 
Eligibility Criteria (as defined on page 302 in the “Use of Proceeds” section). Should any of the Notes be 
issued as Green Bonds and if any of the risks outlined in this risk factor were to materialise, there may be 
a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other 
Notes which are intended to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets and/or it may result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose (including, without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds as a

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
53 
result of such Green Bonds not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, 
which could lead to increased volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of such Green Bonds). 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion 
The Issuer obtained an independent second party opinion issued by Sustainalytics (the “Second 
Party Opinion”) on the alignment of the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework with current market 
standards and the extent to which the Eligible Green Assets categories are credible and impactful. As part 
of the Second Party Opinion, Sustainalytics assessed the following: (i) the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding 
Framework is aligned with the Green Bond Principles 2021, published by the International Capital Market 
Association (“ICMA”), (ii) the credibility and anticipated positive impacts of the use of proceeds, (iii) the use 
of proceeds criteria alignment with the technical screening criteria for substantial contribution to the 
environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy and the Minimum Safeguards of the EU Taxonomy and (iv) 
the alignment of the Issuer’s sustainability strategy, performance and sustainability risk management in 
relation to the use of proceeds (also see “Use of Proceeds”).  
The Green Bond Principles published by ICMA are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend 
transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green bond market. No 
assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, certification or 
report of any third-party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in respect of 
the Green Bonds and/or the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework (as amended from time to time), and 
in particular in respect of any Eligible Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, green, sustainability and/or 
other relevant eligibility and minimum safeguards criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, the Second Party 
Opinion or any other opinion, certification or report will not be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. The Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, certification 
or report is not, and should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds. The Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, certification or report 
will only be current as of the date on which it is initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of the Second Party Opinion or other opinion, certification or report and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the suitability or reliability of the provider of such Second Party 
Opinion or other opinion, certification or report for the purpose of any investment in any Green Bonds. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the provider of the Second Party Opinion and/or any providers of 
similar opinions, certifications and reports are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight.  
No formal consensus definition of a ‘green’ bond 
It should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, and/or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green bond” or equivalently-labelled “green” asset 
or project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as 
“green”, “environmental” or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time.  
A basis for the determination for such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework 
to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Taxonomy 
Regulation is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission 
through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation. On 5 April 2023, the European Commission launched a four-week feedback 
period on a new set of EU taxonomy criteria for economic activities making a substantial contribution to 
one or more of the non-climate environmental objectives. The European Commission is also consulting on 
proposed amendments to various Delegated Acts under the EU Taxonomy Regulation.

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
54 
Information on the extent to which the Issuer intends to align the Eligible Green Assets with the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and the extent to which this is feasible is described in the Issuer’s Sustainable 
Funding Framework (see also “Use of Proceeds”). No assurance is or can be provided by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Dealer to potential investors that the Eligibility Criteria for any Eligible Green Assets to be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation, within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and/or any (future) delegated regulations at any 
time or that they will meet all investors’ expectations regarding sustainability performance or continue to 
meet the relevant Eligibility Criteria. Although applicable Eligible Green Assets are expected to be selected 
in accordance with the categories recognised by the Green Bond Principles published by ICMA and are 
expected to be based on the EU Taxonomy Regulations as set out above, there can be no guarantee that 
adverse environmental and/or social impacts will not occur during the design, construction, commissioning 
and/or operation of any such Eligible Green Assets. Where any negative impacts are insufficiently 
mitigated, Eligible Green Assets may become controversial and/or may be criticised by activist groups or 
other stakeholders which could have a negative reputational impact on the Group, may expose the Group 
to risks such as greenwashing and reduce the liquidity, increase volatility or otherwise affect the market 
price of any Green Bonds issued by the Group. 
A provisional political agreement has been reached in February 2023 on the European 
Commission’s proposal for a European Union green bond standard (the "European Green Bond 
Standard"), which will establish a European Green Bond Regulation with an EU voluntary high-quality 
standard for green bonds. It is intended that the European Green Bond Standard will be available to 
companies and public entities that wish to raise funds on capital markets to finance their green investments, 
while meeting the requirements of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and/or any (future) delegated regulations.  
However, the provisional political agreement remains subject to change and there is no assurance if or 
when such European Green Bond Standard will be confirmed and adopted by the European Council and 
European Parliament. The Issuer intends to align any issuance of Green Bonds with the criteria and 
processes set out in the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework, which may be aligned with the European 
Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unclear what 
the impact of the European Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented, would be on investor demand 
for, and the pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as the Green Bonds) that do not meet 
requirements of the EU Green Bond Standard. If any Green Bonds do not comply with the EU Green Bond 
Standard, this could reduce the demand, price and liquidity for the Green Bonds resulting in a material 
adverse effect for holders of such Green Bonds. 
No assurance that any Green Bonds will satisfy any investor requirements, investment criteria, guidelines 
or expectations and will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or similar) segment of any 
stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained  
The Issuer intends to use an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Green Bonds for the 
financing and/or refinancing of Eligible Green Assets, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. However, if 
the use of such proceeds is a factor in a prospective investor’s decision to invest in any Green Bonds, 
prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in 
any such Green Bonds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds, together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. 
However, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that (i) 
the use of the aforementioned amount by the Issuer for the purposes of financing or refinancing any Eligible 
Green Assets, and (ii) in case of any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed 
on any dedicated "green", "environmental" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated) that such listing or admission or display will satisfy, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
55 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or green impact of any 
projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets or the funding thereof by 
the Issuer. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or admission to trading or 
display may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance 
is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any such listing or admission to trading or 
display will be obtained in respect of any Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading or display will be maintained during the life of any such Green Bonds. The criteria for acceptance 
onto any such market may change from time to time. In the event of any actual or anticipated removal of 
the Green Bonds from any such market, or if access to any such market is sought and refused, that could 
have a material adverse effect on the market price of any Green Bonds.  
Additionally, the Issuer may make amendments or updates to the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding 
Framework in the future, including to the Eligibility Criteria described in the "Use of Proceeds" section. The 
Issuer is not required to take into account the interests of, or to seek the consent of, Noteholders in respect 
of any such amendments or updates. If the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework has been amended 
or updated, the use of proceeds of any outstanding Green Bonds, if so specified in such amended or 
updated Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework, may be different to the use of proceeds of such Green 
Bonds at their issue date. Alternatively, the Issuer may also decide that any such amended or updated 
Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework shall not apply retrospectively for any or all outstanding Series 
of Green Bonds. 
No Events of Default 
It will not be an event of default under the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer fails to use an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds of any Green Bonds in the manner or substantially in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and/or (ii) the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, report, certification or 
label in respect of any Green Bonds is not obtained, provided or published or is withdrawn and/or (iii) any 
Eligible Green Asset ceases to be classed as such prior to maturity of the relevant Green Bonds (or the 
maturity of such Eligible Green Asset does not match the minimum maturity of the relevant Green Bonds). 
Furthermore, any such event or failure described in (i) to (iv) above will not (a) give rise to any other claim 
or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the relevant Green Bonds) of a holder 
of such Green Bonds against the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers, (b) lead to an obligation of the Issuer 
to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise 
any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds or (c) affect the regulatory treatment of such 
Green Bonds which are also Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Dated 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Capital or as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable).  
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) there is no direct or contractual link between Green Bonds and the 
Eligible Green Assets (or any other environmental or similar targets set by the Issuer) and consequently 
neither payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on, nor an investor’s right to accelerate 
repayment of, the Green Bonds shall depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Assets or 
the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or similar targets, (ii) Notes issued as 
Green Bonds will be subject to bail-in and resolution measures provided by the BRRD to the same extent 
and with the same ranking as any other Notes issued under the Programme (as to such measures, see 
the risk factor entitled “The Notes may be subject to resolution powers (including powers to write down 
debt) so there is a risk that a Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment upon the exercise of such 
powers by the resolution authority” below), (iii) Green Bonds, as any other Notes, will be subject to the 
application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds or eligible liability instruments, 
and as such the proceeds of the issuance of any Green Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities 
instruments will be fully available to cover any and all losses arising on the balance sheet of the Issuer (in 
the same way as the Issuer’s other instruments not classified as Green Bonds) regardless of their “green” 
or other similar label and whether such losses stem from “green”, “sustainable” assets or other assets of

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
56 
the Issuer without any such label and (iv) their labelling as Green Bonds (a) will not affect the regulatory 
treatment of such Green Bonds as Tier 2 capital or MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable), if such Green 
Bonds are also Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes; 
and (b) will not have any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 4 (Status) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.  
Any failure to use or substantially use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Series of 
Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Assets, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, 
the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green 
Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets. Neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. 
No assurance that any Eligible Green Assets will be completed or meet their objectives 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Green Assets will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to apply any 
proceeds of any Green Bonds (or amounts equal thereto) for a particular (green) asset or project. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to investors 
in Green Bonds that any “green” assets, projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “environmental” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
Certain Noteholders may be exposed to risks relating to Singapore taxation 
Certain Notes to be issued from time to time under the Programme during the period from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to 31 December 2023 may be intended to be qualifying debt securities (“QDS”) 
for the purposes of the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (“ITA”), subject to the fulfilment of certain 
conditions more particularly described in the section titled “Taxation – Singapore Taxation”. 
However, there is no assurance that the conditions for QDS will be met or that such Notes would 
continue to enjoy the tax concessions for QDS should the relevant tax laws be amended or revoked at any 
time, or should the required conditions cease to be fulfilled. 
A.2 Risk Factors Relating Specifically to Senior Preferred MREL Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The Senior Preferred MREL Notes have limited rights to accelerate 
The Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes do not provide for events of default allowing 
acceleration of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to 
meet any interest payment or other obligation under the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, such failure will 
not give the holders of Senior Preferred MREL Notes any right to accelerate repayment of the principal 
amount of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes. In accordance with Condition 10 (No Events of Default) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the 
Issuer (i) becomes bankrupt (failliet) or (ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purposes of a reconstruction or merger the terms of 
which have previously been approved by a meeting of Holders), the Holder of any Senior Preferred MREL 
Note shall have a claim which ranks as provided in Condition 4 (Status of Notes) for an amount equal to 
the principal amount of such Senior Preferred MREL Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
to the date of payment. However, Holders may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or 
for its dissolution. In the case of Senior Preferred MREL Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, see also 
the risk factor entitled “A failure by the Issuer to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
57 
Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Assets and/or any failure to meet the investment requirements of 
certain investors may affect the value and/or trading price of such Green Bonds” above. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition 
binding on the Issuer under the Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute 
proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation 
of the Issuer under or arising from the Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the Coupons, including, without 
limitation, payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 14 or more 
days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution 
of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it.  
In addition, the repayment rights of holders of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes are limited in certain 
respects. In particular, (i) redemption of Senior Preferred MREL Notes pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Issuer’s 
Call Options), Condition 6(d) (Redemption due to Taxation) and Condition 6(e) (Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written consent of the 
Relevant Regulator (if so required at the relevant time), and (ii) the Issuer may be required to obtain the 
prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator before effecting any repayment of Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes pursuant to Condition 10 (No Events of Default). See Conditions 6(b) (Conditions to Redemption, 
Substitution, Variation and Purchase) and 10 (No Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes for further details. Also, any right of set-off 
or netting by the holders in respect of any amount owed to such holder by the Issuer under or in connection 
with the Senior Preferred MREL Notes shall be excluded.  
If Rabobank is declared insolvent and a bankruptcy is initiated, Rabobank will be required to meet 
obligations owing to all of its creditors (including all its holders of covered deposits) that are afforded higher-
priority status under the Dutch insolvency rules in full before Rabobank can make any payments on its 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Coupons. Accordingly, in the event of its 
bankruptcy, Rabobank may not have enough assets remaining after paying higher-priority creditors to pay 
amounts due under the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and related Coupons. Furthermore, any resolution 
action taken in respect of Rabobank would generally be expected to respect the relative ranking of its 
obligations as described above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations before losses are 
imposed on higher-ranking obligations. 
The Senior Preferred MREL Notes are designed to contribute towards the Issuer’s MREL Eligible 
Liabilities for the purposes of its MREL requirement. MREL is designed to be available to resolution 
authorities for write down, write off or conversion to equity in order to absorb losses and recapitalise a 
failing institution in the event of resolution action being taken, and before more senior-ranking creditors 
suffer losses. The amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities Rabobank is required to maintain over time will be 
based on the expected required capacity to resolve and, if appropriate, recapitalise Rabobank in the event 
of its failure. Accordingly, if such calibration is accurate, it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors 
in the Senior Preferred MREL Notes may lose all or substantially all of their investment. 
As a result of the above factors, although Senior Preferred MREL Notes may pay a higher rate of 
interest than Senior Preferred Notes, holders of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes may bear significantly 
more risk than holders of the Senior Preferred Notes. The market value of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes may therefore be more severely adversely affected and/or more volatile if Rabobank’s financial 
condition deteriorates than the market value of the Senior Preferred Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
58 
The qualification of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes as Eligible Liabilities is subject to 
uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Notes following 
an MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Rabobank may redeem its Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event. If such Senior Preferred MREL Notes are 
to be so redeemed or there is a perception that such may be so redeemed, this may impact the market 
price of such Notes. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, which the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue 
Date of such Senior Preferred MREL Notes and becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the most 
recent Tranche of any Series of Senior Preferred MREL Notes, the Senior Preferred MREL Notes are or 
(in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) are likely to become excluded, in whole or in part, 
from the Issuer’s MREL Eligible Liabilities as determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the 
Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
exclusion of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes in whole or in part from the Issuer’s MREL Eligible Liabilities 
is due to the remaining maturity of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes being less than any period prescribed 
by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer. 
As the current implementation of MREL under the BRRD could be subjected to the adoption of 
further legislation and implementation, including further legislative proposals in the EU with respect to 
(amongst other things) the necessary features of eligible liabilities, Rabobank is unable to predict whether 
the Senior Preferred MREL Notes will be fully or partially excluded from its minimum requirements referred 
to above. If any of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes are to be redeemed as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event or there is a perception that such Senior Preferred MREL Notes may be so 
redeemed, this may impact the market price of such Senior Preferred MREL Notes. Therefore, there is a 
risk that Noteholders will not be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will 
provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Senior Preferred MREL Notes. 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the Senior Preferred MREL Notes following an MREL 
Disqualification Event in a manner which may be adverse to a holder of such Notes  
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms and an MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having given the certification 
and notice required by Condition 6(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption, 
Substitution, Variation and Purchase) specifying the date fixed for such substitution or variation, substitute 
all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of 
the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
of such Series, so that the substituted notes are, or that the Notes remain, MREL Compliant Notes.  
Whilst MREL Compliant Notes are required to have terms not materially less favourable to 
Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Senior Preferred MREL Notes (as the Issuer reasonably 
determines in consultation with an independent adviser of recognised standing), any such substitution or 
variation could adversely affect the interests of any particular holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such substituted or varied Senior Preferred MREL Notes could be different for 
some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes prior to such substitution or variation.

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
59 
Holders of Senior Preferred MREL Notes may suffer tax consequences upon substitution or 
variation of terms following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event the Issuer substitutes all of the relevant 
series of Senior Preferred MREL Notes for, or (where applicable) varies the terms of such Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Compliant Notes, such substitution or 
variation in terms might be treated for a holder’s local income tax purposes as a deemed disposition of 
such Senior Preferred MREL Notes by such holder in exchange for new Senior Preferred MREL Notes. 
There is a risk that as a result of this deemed disposition, a holder could be required to recognise capital 
gain or loss for income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the issue price of the new 
Notes and the holder’s tax basis in the relevant Senior Preferred MREL Notes. 
A.3 Risk Factors Relating Specifically to Non-Preferred Senior Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to most of the Issuer’s liabilities (other than 
subordinated liabilities) in bankruptcy and bail-in and have limited rights to accelerate 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall qualify as, and comprise 
part of the class of, Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations and shall constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders in respect of the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable law, rank:  
(i) in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to all present or future 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Preferred MREL Notes of the Issuer 
and excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR);  
(ii) in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, pari passu with any other Statutory Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations; and  
(iii) in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, senior to any Junior Obligations. 
Therefore, the Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of Rabobank which are by law 
given priority over the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes) and other unsecured 
and unsubordinated liabilities. Accordingly, prospective investors in Non-Preferred Senior Notes issued 
under the Programme should note that, in the event of Rabobank’s bankruptcy, Rabobank would generally 
expect investors in Non-Preferred Senior Notes to lose their entire investment before losses are imposed 
on holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Preferred MREL Notes.  
In the event of a resolution of the Rabobank Group: 
(i) 
the principal amount in respect of capital instruments (which includes Dated Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital) must first be converted into claims which may give rights to 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital or written down (to the extent not already so converted or written 
down at the point where the resolution authority considers that the Issuer would otherwise no 
longer be viable); 
(ii) 
thereafter, other liabilities can be bailed-in, in the following order of priority: 
a. subordinated liabilities that do not or no longer qualify as capital instruments (including 
Dated Subordinated Notes that do not or no longer qualify as Tier 2 Capital as a result of 
Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)) in accordance with the 
hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings;

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
 
60 
b. Non-Preferred Senior Notes and other instruments having a lower ranking within the 
meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet); and 
c. 
thereafter, the rest of the bail-inable liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings, 
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in bankruptcy. 
The Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes do not provide for events of default allowing 
acceleration of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to 
meet any interest payment or other obligation under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, such failure will not 
give the holders of Non-Preferred Senior Notes any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount 
of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. In accordance with Condition 10 (No Events of Default) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the Issuer (i) 
becomes bankrupt (failliet) or (ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up 
or liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purposes of a reconstruction or merger the terms of which have 
previously been approved by a meeting of Holders), the Holder of any Non-Preferred Senior Note shall 
have a claim which ranks as provided in Condition 4 (Status of Notes) for an amount equal to the principal 
amount of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of 
payment. However, Holders may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its 
dissolution. In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, see also the risk 
factor entitled “A failure by the Issuer to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds 
in connection with Eligible Green Assets and/or any failure to meet the investment requirements of certain 
investors may affect the value and/or trading price of such Green Bonds” above. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition 
binding on the Issuer under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute 
proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation 
of the Issuer under or arising from the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or the Coupons, including, without 
limitation, payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or the Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 14 or more 
days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution 
of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it.  
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such 
as the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Preferred MREL Notes) which the Issuer may incur or 
issue and which rank in priority to payments under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. Also, the Issuer is not 
restricted in issuing further non-preferred senior debt ranking pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes. The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount recoverable by holders of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes on a winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-up or 
liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may 
not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all or any of) the amounts owing to the holders of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes. 
In addition, the repayment rights of holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are limited in certain 
respects. In particular, (i) redemption of Non-Preferred Senior Notes pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Issuer’s 
Call Options), Condition 6(d) (Redemption due to Taxation) and Condition 6(e) (Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written consent of the 
Relevant Regulator (if so required at the relevant time), and (ii) the Issuer may be required to obtain the 
prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator before effecting any repayment of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes pursuant to Condition 10 (No Events of Default). See Conditions 6(b) (Conditions to Redemption,

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
 
61 
Substitution, Variation and Purchase) and 10 (No Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes for further details. Also, any right of set-off 
or netting by the holders in respect of any amount owed to such holder by the Issuer under or in connection 
with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall be excluded.  
If Rabobank is declared insolvent and a bankruptcy is initiated, Rabobank will be required to meet 
obligations owing to all of its creditors (including all its holders of covered deposits) that are afforded higher-
priority status under the Dutch insolvency rules in full before Rabobank can make any payments on its 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Coupons. Thereafter, Rabobank will be 
required to pay the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes and other senior 
debt (including unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations that Rabobank may have with respect to 
its Non-Preferred Senior Notes, other non-preferred senior claims and subordinated claims including 
subordinated debt) before Rabobank can make any payments on the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Coupons. Accordingly, in the event of its bankruptcy, Rabobank may not have enough assets remaining 
after paying higher-priority creditors to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and related 
Coupons. Furthermore, any resolution action taken in respect of Rabobank would generally be expected 
to respect the relative ranking of its obligations as described above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking 
obligations before losses are imposed on higher-ranking obligations. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any other Statutory Non-preferred Senior Obligations (niet 
preferente niet achtergestelde schuld) of the Issuer are designed to contribute towards the Issuer’s MREL 
Eligible Liabilities for the purposes of its MREL requirement. MREL is designed to be available to resolution 
authorities for write down, write off or conversion to equity in order to absorb losses and recapitalise a 
failing institution in the event of resolution action being taken, and before more senior-ranking creditors 
suffer losses. The amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities Rabobank is required to maintain over time will be 
based on the expected required capacity to resolve and, if appropriate, recapitalise Rabobank in the event 
of its failure. Accordingly, if such calibration is accurate, it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors 
in the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may lose all or substantially all of their investment whilst investors in 
the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes suffer lower (or no) losses (although there 
can be no assurance that investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes 
will not also suffer substantial losses). 
As a result of the above factors, although Non-Preferred Senior Notes may pay a higher rate of 
interest than Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred MREL Notes, holders of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes may bear significantly more risk than holders of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes. The market value of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may therefore be more severely 
adversely affected and/or more volatile if Rabobank’s financial condition deteriorates than the market value 
of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred MREL Notes. 
The qualification of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes as Eligible Liabilities is subject to 
uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem the Non-Preferred Senior Notes following an 
MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Rabobank may redeem its Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event. If such Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so 
redeemed or there is a perception that such may be so redeemed, this may impact the market price of 
such Notes. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, which the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue 
Date of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes and becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the most 
recent Tranche of any Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are or (in

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
 
62 
the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) are likely to become excluded, in whole or in part, from 
the Issuer’s MREL Eligible Liabilities as determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable 
MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion of 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes in whole or in part from the Issuer’s MREL Eligible Liabilities is due to the 
remaining maturity of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes being less than any period prescribed by the 
Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer. 
As the current implementation of MREL under the BRRD could be subjected to the adoption of 
further legislation and implementation, including further legislative proposals in the EU with respect to 
(amongst other things) the necessary features of eligible liabilities, Rabobank is unable to predict whether 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be fully or partially excluded from its minimum requirements referred 
to above. If any of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be redeemed as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event or there is a perception that such Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be so redeemed, 
this may impact the market price of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes. Therefore, there is a risk that 
Noteholders will not be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide 
the same rate of return as their investment in the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the Non-Preferred Senior Notes following an MREL 
Disqualification Event or an Alignment Event in a manner which may be adverse to a holder 
of such Notes  
If Substitution and Variation and/or Alignment Event are specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
an MREL Disqualification Event and/or, as applicable, an Alignment Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then the Issuer may, at its option and having given the certification and notice required by Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase) specifying 
the date fixed for such substitution or variation, substitute all (but not some only) of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders of such Series, so that the substituted notes 
are, or that the Notes remain, MREL Compliant Notes.  
Whilst MREL Compliant Notes are required to have terms not materially less favourable to 
Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as the Issuer reasonably 
determines in consultation with an independent adviser of recognised standing), any such substitution or 
variation could adversely affect the interests of any particular holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such substituted or varied Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be different for 
some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Holders of Non-Preferred Senior Notes may suffer tax consequences upon substitution or 
variation of terms following a MREL Disqualification Event or an Alignment Event  
If upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event or an Alignment Event the Issuer 
substitutes all of the relevant series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes for, or (where applicable) varies the 
terms of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Compliant 
Notes, such substitution or variation in terms might be treated for a holder’s local income tax purposes as 
a deemed disposition of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes by such holder in exchange for new Non-
Preferred Senior Notes. There is a risk that as a result of this deemed disposition, a holder could be 
required to recognise capital gain or loss for income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between 
the issue price of the new Notes and the holder’s tax basis in the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
 
63 
A.4 Risk Factors Relating Specifically to Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The Dated Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and rank junior to most of the 
Issuer’s liabilities and holders of Dated Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments under the Dated Subordinated Notes and related 
Coupons are subordinated. In particular, subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding 
applicable law (including as provided pursuant to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet)), the Issuer’s payment obligations in respect of the principal amount under the Dated 
Subordinated Notes shall, in the case of (i) the bankruptcy of the Issuer or (ii) dissolution (ontbinding) of 
the Issuer, rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and: 
(a) 
subordinated and junior to Senior Creditors of the Issuer (including holders of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and excluded 
liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR); 
(b) 
pari passu with any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer which constitutes Tier 2 
Capital; and 
(c) 
senior to any other present or future obligation of the Issuer which constitutes Tier 1 Capital. 
In the event of a resolution of the Rabobank Group: 
(i) 
the principal amount in capital instruments (which includes Dated Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 Capital) must first be converted into claims which may give rights to 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital or written down (to the extent not already so converted or written 
down at the point where the resolution authority considers that the Issuer would otherwise no 
longer be viable);  
(ii) 
thereafter, other liabilities can be bailed-in, in the following order of priority: 
a. subordinated liabilities that do not or no longer qualify as capital instruments (including 
Dated Subordinated Notes that do not or no longer qualify as Tier 2 Capital as a result of 
Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)) in accordance with the 
hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings;  
b. Non-Preferred Senior Notes and other instruments having a lower ranking within the 
meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet); and 
c. 
thereafter, the rest of the bail-inable liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes and 
the Senior Preferred MREL Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings, 
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in bankruptcy. 
By virtue of this subordination, payments in respect of the principal amount of Dated Subordinated 
Notes to the Holders thereof will, in the case of the bankruptcy or dissolution of the Issuer, only be made 
after all payment obligations of Senior Creditors have been satisfied in full. In that case, the Issuer may 
not have enough assets remaining after paying higher-priority creditors to pay amounts due under the 
relevant Dated Subordinated Notes. Any claims for interest or Coupons under the Dated Subordinated 
Notes shall in the case of dissolution (ontbinding) or bankruptcy of the Issuer rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and junior to all unsubordinated rights and claims (including with respect to 
the repayment of borrowed money) of the Issuer, subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or 
overriding applicable law (included as provided pursuant to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code 
(Faillissementswet)). There is a risk that Holders of Dated Subordinated Notes or associated 
Couponholders will lose all or some of their investment should be Issuer become bankrupt or be dissolved.

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
 
64 
See also the risk factors entitled “The Notes may be subject to resolution powers (including powers 
to write down debt) so there is a risk that a Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment upon the 
exercise of such powers by the resolution authority” and “Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
position and results of operations”. 
The Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default allowing 
acceleration of the Dated Subordinated Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet 
any interest payment or other obligation under the Dated Subordinated Notes, such failure will not give the 
holders of Dated Subordinated Notes any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the 
Dated Subordinated Notes. In the case of Dated Subordinated Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, 
see also the risk factor entitled “A failure by the Issuer to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of 
any Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Assets and/or any failure to meet the investment 
requirements of certain investors may affect the value and/or trading price of such Green Bonds” above.  
The sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition binding on the Issuer under 
the Dated Subordinated Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer to 
demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising from 
the Dated Subordinated Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or 
premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Dated Subordinated Notes or the 
Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such 
payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. Also, any right of set-off or netting by the holders in respect of any amount owed to such 
holder by the Issuer under or in connection with the Dated Subordinated Notes shall be excluded.  
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such 
as Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) which the Issuer 
may incur or issue and which rank in priority of payments with the Dated Subordinated Notes. Also, there 
is a risk that a Series of Dated Subordinated Notes in respect of which a Capital Event has occurred, or 
other fully disqualified own funds instruments, will in the Issuer’s bankruptcy rank senior to (other) Dated 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (in whole or in part). See also Condition 4(b) of the 
Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes, which provides that the status and ranking of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes is subject to mandatory and/or overriding applicable law, including as provided 
pursuant to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet). Also, the Issuer is not restricted 
in issuing further subordinated debt ranking pari passu with the Dated Subordinated Notes. The issue of 
any such securities may reduce the amount recoverable by holders of the Dated Subordinated Notes in a 
bankruptcy or dissolution (ontbinding) of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the bankruptcy or dissolution of the 
Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient 
amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the holders of the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
The Dated Subordinated Notes of the Issuer are designed to contribute towards the Issuer’s Tier 2 
Capital. Any resolution action taken in respect of the Issuer would generally be expected to respect the 
relative ranking of its obligations as described above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations 
before losses are imposed on higher-ranking obligations. Accordingly, it may be the case that, in 
bankruptcy or a resolution, investors in the Dated Subordinated Notes may lose all or substantially all of 
their investment whilst investors in the Senior Creditors suffer lower (or no) losses (although there can be 
no assurance that investors in the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes will not also suffer substantial losses). 
The market value of the Dated Subordinated Notes may therefore be more severely adversely 
affected and/or more volatile if the Issuer’s financial condition deteriorates than the market value of other 
(non-subordinated) Notes. Accordingly, although Dated Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
 
65 
interest than Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Senior Preferred Notes, 
holders of the Dated Subordinated Notes may bear significantly more risk than holders of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Senior Preferred Notes.  
Dated Subordinated Notes may be redeemed following a Capital Event, which may impact the 
market price of such Notes 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem its Dated Subordinated Notes 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Event. 
A Capital Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes if the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that as a result of a change on or after 
the relevant Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of Notes in a Series in the regulatory classification of 
the Notes under the Capital Regulations, the Notes have been or will be excluded from own funds or 
reclassified as of own funds of lower quality (that is, no longer Tier 2 Capital) in whole. 
If any of the Dated Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed as a result of a Capital Event or there 
is a perception that such Dated Subordinated Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market 
price of such Dated Subordinated Notes. There is also a risk that Noteholders will not be able to reinvest 
the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment 
in the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
A.5 Risks related to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity 
of Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
Renminbi Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”) under the Programme. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited.  
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, 
its growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. 
There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the settlement agreements will 
not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Issuer’s 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service 
Renminbi Notes, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. As a result, there is a risk that the ability of the Issuer to service the payments of interest 
and principal or other amounts due under its Renminbi Notes in Renminbi is reduced. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks and the Issuer may delay 
making payments of interest and principal, or make such payments in another currency in 
certain circumstances 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is 
affected by changes in the PRC, by international political and economic conditions and by many other 
factors.  
Although the Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments of interest and principal or other 
amounts with respect to the Renminbi Notes in Renminbi, in certain circumstances, and if so specified, the 
terms of the Notes allow the Issuer to delay any such payment and/or make payment in another specified 
currency, all as provided for in more detail in the Notes (see Condition 10(i)). As a result, there is a risk 
that the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace, 
which could reduce liquidity, increase volatility or otherwise affect the market price of such Notes. In

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
 
66 
addition, there may be tax consequences for investors as a result of any foreign currency gains resulting 
from any investment in Renminbi Notes. 
Section B: Additional Risk Factors Relating to a Particular Issue of PR Notes or Exempt Notes 
Investors may receive a lesser amount on Automatic Early Redemption than they would have 
been paid on the scheduled maturity date 
The Issuer may issue Notes with an automatic early redemption feature. If applicable, all the Notes 
will redeem early on a specified Automatic Early Redemption Date prior to the scheduled maturity date 
following the occurrence of a specified trigger event. Upon early redemption, the Issuer will pay an amount 
per Note equal to a specified percentage of the Calculation Amount, together with the Interest Amount (if 
any) accrued to (but excluding) the Automatic Early Redemption Date. Investors may receive a greater 
amount but bear the risk that they may receive a lesser amount, to that which would have been paid on 
the scheduled maturity date in the event that the Notes are redeemed early. 
Reset of the Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes may adversely affect their yield 
The Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Reset Notes (where such Notes are Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Dated Subordinated Notes). The relevant Final Terms will specify 
an initial interest period, together with the Rate of Interest that applies to such period (the “Initial Interest 
Rate”), and a reset interest rate applicable to one or more subsequent Reset Periods, in respect of which 
interest is calculated by reference to a mid-swap rate or to a reference bond rate, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin (the “Reset Rate”). The basis of interest will be reset to the Reset Rate in accordance 
with Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of each of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and the Dated Subordinated Notes and on the date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
When the basis of interest changes to the Reset Rate, such Reset Rate may be less favourable 
than the Initial Interest Rate and/or the Rate of Interest that applies immediately prior to the relevant Reset 
Date. Therefore, any such reset of the Rate of Interest may adversely affect the yield of such Notes and 
their market value. 
The Issuer’s ability to vary the rate of interest of Variable Rate Notes may affect their market 
value 
The Issuer may issue Variable Rate Notes (where such Notes are not Non-Exempt PR Notes, 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Dated Subordinated Notes). The rate of 
interest of such Notes may be varied during the term of the Notes. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
an initial interest period, together with the Rate of Interest that applies to such period (the “initial rate”), 
and one or more variable interest periods, together with the corresponding rate(s) of interest (each, a 
“varied rate”). 
The Issuer’s ability to vary the rate of interest will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to vary the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer varies from a fixed rate to a floating rate, CMS linked rate, range accrual 
rate or inverse floating rate, the rate of interest on the Variable Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
the then prevailing rates of interest on comparable Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Range Accrual 
Notes or, as the case may be, Inverse Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate, CMS linked rate, range accrual rate or, as the case may be, inverse floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate, CMS linked 
rate, range accrual rate or inverse floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing 
rates on other Notes. 
If the Issuer varies the rate of interest to a zero-coupon basis, investors will cease to receive any 
interest for the relevant period and may not receive a premium on redemption, whether or not the Notes

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
 
67 
were issued at a discount. If the Notes were redeemed early during a Zero Coupon Interest Rate period, 
the amount received on such early redemption may be calculated in a different manner than if the Notes 
were redeemed early during another type of interest period, and investors could receive a smaller return 
on their investments than they would have during another type of interest period. 
Investors may lose all of their investment in Partly Paid Notes if subsequent instalments are 
not made 
The Issuer may issue Notes (as Exempt Notes) where the issue price is payable in more than one 
instalment. If an investor fails to pay any subsequent instalment, there is a risk that an investor could lose 
all of its investment in the Notes. 
Variable Rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar 
related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. In addition, Variable Rate Notes may include an option for the Issuer to change the rate of 
interest at its own discretion and without the prior consent of the Noteholders, and Noteholders could 
receive less interest than they would have, had they invested in a different type of Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile which may adversely affect the market value of 
such Notes 
The Issuer may issue Inverse Floating Rate Notes. Such Notes have an interest rate equal to a 
fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate. The market values of those Notes typically are more 
volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference 
rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an 
increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes but may also reflect an 
increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Investors in Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates 
The Issue Price of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms may be more than the market value 
of such Notes (where such Notes are not Non-Exempt PR Notes) as at the Issue Date, and more than the 
price, if any, at which a Dealer or any other person is willing to purchase the Notes in the secondary market. 
In particular, where permitted by applicable law, the Issue Price in respect of any Notes may take into 
account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the issue and sale of such Notes and amounts 
relating to the hedging of the Issuer’s obligations under such Notes, and secondary market prices are likely 
to exclude such amounts. In addition, pricing models of market participants may differ or produce a different 
result. 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium (such as a Zero Coupon 
Note) from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities.

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors 
 
68 
3. Risks related to the Market 
Section A: Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend 
and/or vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. In 
addition, the Agency Agreement, the Australian Agency Agreement and the Conditions may be amended 
by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders or any other 
person, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective 
provision contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may mutually deem 
necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the interests of the holders. Any such 
modifications to the Conditions may be contrary to the interests of one or more Noteholders and as a result, 
the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder.  
The Notes may be subject to resolution powers (including powers to write down debt) so there 
is a risk that a Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment upon the exercise of such 
powers by the resolution authority 
The application of the Intervention Act may affect the ownership rights of holders of the Notes. For 
example, it is possible that the Intervention Act could be used in such a way as to result in debt instruments 
of the Issuer, such as the Notes, absorbing losses or otherwise affecting the rights of Noteholders at the 
point of non-viability (see also the risk factor “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer 
being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly 
higher cost of funding” above). The taking of any such action or any perceived increased likelihood that 
such action will be taken may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
As further described in the risk factor entitled “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the 
Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and 
possibly higher cost of funding”, pursuant to BRRD or the SRM Regulation or other resolution or recovery 
rules which may in the future be applicable to the Issuer which could be used in such a way as to result in 
the Notes absorbing losses, the Notes could become subject to an exercise by the European Single 
Resolution Board, DNB or another resolution authority (each a “Resolution Authority”) of, inter alia, the 
following powers (all as prescribed by the resolution framework applicable to the Issuer): (a) the write 
down, reduction, cancellation or other application to absorb losses of all or a portion of the Relevant 
Amounts in respect of the Notes, (e.g. by application of the bail-in tool), subject to write-up by the 
Resolution Authority (such loss absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”); or (b) the conversion of all or 
a portion of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into common equity Tier 1 instruments, shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”). 
Any such exercise may take place at the point of non-viability and independently of or in combination with 
a resolution action and shall not constitute an Event of Default and Noteholders will have no further claims 
in respect of any Relevant Amount so written off, reduced, otherwise applied to absorb losses or converted 
as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation and Noteholders may have only very 
limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the Resolution Authority to exercise 
its (pre-)resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or 
otherwise. Subject to certain exceptions, as soon as any of these proposed proceedings have been 
initiated by the Resolution Authority, as applicable, the relevant counterparties of such bank would not be 
entitled to invoke events of default or set off their claims against the bank for this purpose.

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors 
 
69 
Subject to any write-up by the Resolution Authority, any Relevant Amount written off, reduced or 
otherwise applied to absorb losses as a result of Statutory Loss Absorption shall be irrevocably lost and 
holders of such Notes will cease to have any claims for any Relevant Amount which has been subject to 
write-down, reduction or other application to absorb losses. Holders of Notes which have been subject to 
Recapitalisation, on the other hand, will have a claim against the Issuer in accordance with the terms of 
such instruments. 
Any determination that all or part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of 
factors which may be outside the Issuer’s control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of Notes which 
are subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation is not necessarily expected to follow trading 
behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any indication that Notes may become subject to 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation could have an adverse effect on the market price or credit 
rating of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a Noteholder may lose all of 
its investment in such Notes, including the Relevant Amounts, if those Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation measures were to be taken. 
Within the context of the resolution tools available to the Resolution Authority, holders of debt 
securities of a bank (including the Noteholders) subject to resolution may also be affected by, inter alia, (i) 
the amendment or alteration of the nature of their debt securities or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable in respect thereof, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period, (ii) issuer substitution or replacement, (iii) transfer of debt, (iv) 
expropriation, (v) other modification of terms of their debt securities and/or (vi) suspension or termination 
of listings. As a result of a resolution measure being taken, holders of Notes could lose ownership over the 
Notes or could become holders of the Notes of an empty entity or a bad bank or their holdings could be 
severely diluted. The taking of any such action or any perceived increased likelihood that such action will 
be taken may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
It is possible that, pursuant to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
measures or other resolution tools available to the Resolution Authority, further new powers may be given 
to the Resolution Authority which could be used in such a way as to result in the Notes absorbing losses. 
Potential investors should also refer to the risk factors entitled “Any difficulty in raising minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial position and results of operations”, “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the 
Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and 
possibly higher cost of funding” and “Changes of law after the date of this Base Prospectus may adversely 
affect the interests of Noteholders”. 
Changes of law after the date of this Base Prospectus may adversely affect the interests of 
Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch, European, 
English or any other applicable laws, regulations or administrative practices (including, but not limited to, 
any such laws, regulations or practices relating to the tax treatment of the Notes) after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, (i) the introduction of legal preference 
in insolvency to other categories of deposits currently not mentioned in Article 108(1) BRRD and potentially 
negatively impacting the relative ranking of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes and 
the credit ratings assigned thereto or (ii) the introduction of a variety of statutory resolution and loss-
absorption tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the 
Notes. Such tools may include the ability to write off or convert sums otherwise payable on such securities 
at a time when the Issuer is no longer considered viable by its regulator or upon the occurrence of another 
trigger (see the risk factors entitled “Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for own funds and eligible

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors 
 
70 
liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results of 
operations” and “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors 
for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding” above 
for further details). 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a proposal to adjust and further strengthen 
the EU's existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance ("CMDI") framework, with a focus on 
medium-sized and smaller banks. The package implies the review of the BRRD and SRM Regulation 
frameworks as well as a separate legislative proposal to amend the EU Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
Directive, all of which aim at further preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers and depositors, and 
supporting the real economy and its competitiveness. The proposals include, but are not limited to, the 
introduction of a general depositor preference within the EU and changes to further enable the use of 
Deposit Guarantee Schemes (“DGS") funds and where needed resolution funds in measures other than 
the payout of covered deposits in case of insolvency or resolution of a failing bank. The changes to the 
creditor hierarchy could potentially negatively impact the relative ranking of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the credit ratings assigned thereto. Moreover, an expanded use of DGS 
and resolution funds could potentially result in an increase of contribution requirements for banks (see also 
the risk factor entitled “The Group’s participation in the Single Resolution Fund and the Dutch Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme may have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition”). However, there is a high degree of uncertainty with regard to the proposed adjustments to the 
CMDI framework and when they will be finally implemented in the EU. Therefore, the exact impact of these 
adjustments and the potential effects on the Issuer cannot yet be assessed. 
United States federal income tax characterisation 
As discussed above under “Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results of 
operations”, “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for 
recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding”, “The 
Notes may be subject to resolution powers (including powers to write down debt) so there is a risk that a 
Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment upon the exercise of such powers by the resolution 
authority” and “Changes of law after the date of this Base Prospectus may adversely affect the interests of 
Noteholders”, in certain circumstances, the amounts payable under the Notes could be reduced or 
converted into equity or other instruments of ownership of Rabobank by the applicable regulator. The U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of the Notes is unclear as a result of such potential reduction or conversion. 
If required to do so for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to take the position that the 
Notes should be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, it is possible that the 
Notes could be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and no ruling from the IRS has 
been sought and no opinion of counsel has been rendered regarding this issue. There can be no 
assurances that this characterisation will be respected by the IRS, and if the IRS were to successfully 
challenge the characterisation of the Notes as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax 
consequences to holders could be materially and adversely different than those described below under 
“Taxation—United States”, including the possible application of the passive foreign investment company 
(“PFIC”) rules. If the Notes were to be treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, U.S. Holders (as defined in “Taxation – United States”) of such Notes generally would be 
required (i) to pay a special U.S. addition to tax on certain distributions and gains on sale, (ii) to pay tax on 
any gain from the sale of such Notes at ordinary income (rather than capital gains) rates in addition to 
paying the special addition to tax on this gain and (iii) to comply with special reporting requirements. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisers regarding the characterisation 
of the Notes as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any possible alternative characterisations, 
including the possible characterisation of the Notes as equity of Rabobank and the application of the PFIC 
rules to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
Risk Factors 
 
71 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, can be Coöperatieve Rabobank 
U.A. in its capacity as a Dealer) as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information 
barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from 
time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders and 
thereby create a conflict of interest as between its role as a Dealer and as a Calculation Agent. Where 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (in its capacity as Dealer) is appointed as a Calculation Agent, the 
aforementioned conflict may arise as between its role as an Issuer, a Dealer and a Calculation Agent.  
Section B: Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be 
illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at all or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme may or may not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated 
market. In cases where Notes are not listed, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain, and the 
liquidity and market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
If additional Notes are subsequently issued, the supply of such Notes in the market will increase 
and may cause the price at which the relevant Notes trade in the secondary market to decline significantly. 
If any investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In 
addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. The exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. Moreover, an appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes. If the Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency 
of the country in which the Noteholder is resident, the Noteholder is exposed to the risk of fluctuations in 
the exchange rate between the two aforementioned currencies. The Noteholder may also be exposed to 
a foreign exchange risk if the reference obligation is denominated, or based on prices, in a currency other 
than the currency in which the relevant Note is denominated. Government and monetary authorities may 
impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable

--- Page 72 ---
Risk Factors 
 
72 
exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal at all.

--- Page 73 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
73 
PUBLIC OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA  
Non-Exempt PR Notes may, subject as provided below, be offered in a Relevant State in 
circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish 
a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a “Public Offer”.  
Non-Exempt PR Notes may only be issued where such Notes are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes (and where such Notes are permitted to be issued in accordance with the terms set out in “Form of 
Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes”). This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits 
offers that are not made within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation in Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands (together, the 
“Public Offer Jurisdictions”). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Non-Exempt PR 
Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s 
consent – see “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation” below. 
If the Issuer intends to make or authorise any Public Offer of Non-Exempt PR Notes to be made in 
one or more Relevant States other than in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, it will prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus specifying such Relevant State(s) and any additional information required by the 
Prospectus Regulation in respect thereof. Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the 
Issuer’s consent to use this Base Prospectus in connection with any such Public Offer. 
Public Offers may be made by the Authorised Offerors in each of the Public Offer Jurisdictions to any 
person during the Offer Period. In other EEA countries and in all jurisdictions (including the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions) outside of the Offer Period, offers will only be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation. All offers of the Notes will be made in compliance with all applicable laws and 
regulations.  
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Public Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for either the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Public 
Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who 
purchases any Notes in a Public Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), 
where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as defined below).  
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer 
by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer 
is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers accepts any 
responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is in 
any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, the 
Investor should take legal advice.

--- Page 74 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
74 
Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (iv) below) offers to grant its consent, to the 
use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with any 
Public Offer of a Tranche of Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdictions specified in the relevant Final Terms 
during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
Specific consent 
(i) 
the Dealer or Managers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the website of the Issuer (www.rabobank.com) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
General consent 
(iv) 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial 
intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II; and (b) accepts such 
offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the “Acceptance Statement”): 
“We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the “Final Terms”) published by Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. [[Australia]/[New Zealand] Branch] (the “Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer 
offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in 
connection with the offer of the Notes in [Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg and the 
Netherlands] during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified 
in the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under 
MiFID II to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer 
accordingly. Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given 
to such terms in the Base Prospectus.”  
The “Authorised Offeror Terms”, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using the Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Public Offer: 
(I) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) 
from time to time including, without limitation, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Non-Exempt PR Notes by any 
person and disclosure to any potential Investor, and will immediately inform the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer if at any time such financial intermediary becomes aware or 
suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to 
remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(II) 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Plan of Distribution” in this Base Prospectus 
which would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(III) 
comply with the target market and distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II 
product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(IV) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or 
paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Non-Exempt

--- Page 75 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
75 
PR Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully 
and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(V) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Non-Exempt PR Notes under the 
Rules; 
(VI) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know 
your client” Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance 
with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior 
to initial investment in any Non-Exempt PR Notes by the Investor), and will not permit 
any application for Non-Exempt PR Notes in circumstances where the financial 
intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application moneys; 
(VII) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the 
relevant Dealer and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and 
“know your client” Rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(VIII) not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule 
or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any 
filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(IX) 
immediately give notice to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes 
aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules or the terms of this sub-
paragraph, and takes all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with 
such Rules and this sub-paragraph in all respects; 
(X) 
not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as may be 
amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any representation 
in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes; 
(XI) 
ensure that no holder of Non-Exempt PR Notes or potential Investor in Non-Exempt 
PR Notes shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and, to the extent that any 
client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any 
applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations 
so arising; 
(XII) 
cooperate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to 
paragraph ((VII)) above) upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
as is available to such financial intermediary or which is within its power and control 
from time to time, together with such further assistance as is reasonably requested by 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealer: 
(A) 
in connection with any request or investigation by the AFM and/or any relevant 
regulator of competent jurisdiction in relation to the Non-Exempt PR Notes, the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(B) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised 
Offeror, including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published

--- Page 76 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
76 
by the AFM and/or any relevant regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to 
time; and/or 
(C) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to 
time in relation to the Non-Exempt PR Notes and/or as to allow the Issuer or 
the relevant Dealer fully to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory 
requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time 
frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(XIII) during the period of the initial offering of the Non-Exempt PR Notes: (A) only sell the 
Non-Exempt PR Notes at the Issue Price specified in the relevant Final Terms (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (B) only sell the Non-Exempt PR Notes 
for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the relevant Final Terms; (C) not appoint 
any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer and the Issuer); 
(D) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in 
relation to the offering or sale of the Non-Exempt PR Notes (unless otherwise agreed 
with the relevant Dealer); and (E) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be 
reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer; 
(XIV) either (A) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Non-
Exempt PR Notes, or (B) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) 
makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients 
and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case, prior to making any order 
for the Non-Exempt PR Notes on their behalf, and, in each case, maintain the same 
on its files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(XV) comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common conditions to 
consent” below and any further requirements relevant to the Public Offer as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(XVI) make available to each potential Investor in the Non-Exempt PR Notes the Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the relevant Final 
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, 
and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent 
with this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) and 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(XVII) if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any 
other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer 
for the purposes of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the relevant Public 
Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and 
complies with the Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided such 
communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer nor the relevant 
Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without 
the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the 
legal or publicity names of the Issuer or, respectively, the relevant Dealer or any other 
name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any 
material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe 
the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Non-Exempt PR Notes on the basis set out in this 
Base Prospectus;

--- Page 77 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
77 
(b) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in each case, 
on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates 
and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, 
actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised 
thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or 
defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of them arising out 
of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, 
representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial intermediary, including (without 
limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or failure by such financial 
intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such 
financial intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any 
information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer; and 
(c) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(I) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the 
“Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands; 
(II) 
subject to (III) below, the competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a 
“Dispute”) and the Issuer and the financial intermediary submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of such courts; 
(III) 
for the purposes of (c)(II) and (IV), the financial intermediary waives any objection to 
the competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; and 
(IV) 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in respect of 
any Dispute or Disputes, take (A) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and 
(B) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv) above are together referred to herein 
as the “Authorised Offerors”. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (iv) above who wishes to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with a Public Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the Issuer’s consent to use this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant 
Public Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (iv) above if Part B of the relevant 
Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Non-Exempt PR Notes;

--- Page 78 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
78 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche 
of Non-Exempt PR Notes in one or more of Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg and the 
Netherlands, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES 
IN A PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OTHER THAN THE ISSUER WILL DO SO, 
AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND 
SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NON-EXEMPT PR 
NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS 
WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH 
INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE 
RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR 
IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Non-Exempt PR Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the 
Issue Price specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with the relevant Dealer at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other 
things, on the interest rate applicable to the Non-Exempt PR Notes and prevailing market conditions at 
that time. The offer price of such Non-Exempt PR Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may 
be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Non-Exempt PR Notes 
to such Investor. The Issuer will not be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised 
Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which 
such Authorised Offeror is offering the Non-Exempt PR Notes to such Investor.

--- Page 79 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
79 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms and the following 
documents which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and that have been approved by the AFM or filed with it and shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the articles of association of Rabobank 
(media.rabobank.com/m/c4f95b756601aa3/original/Rabobank-articles-of-association-July-
2021.pdf);    
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Rabobank Global Medium-Term Note programmes for 
which the respective Offering Circulars are dated:  
(A) 
6 May 2010 (media.rabobank.com/m/331156d80fad5703/original/Offering-Circular-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2010-6-May-2010.pdf);  
(B) 
6 
May 
2011 
(media.rabobank.com/m/2c9546b178c4de56/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2011-6-May-2011.pdf); 
(C) 
9 
May 
2012 
(media.rabobank.com/m/59fae79cd7480980/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2012-9-May-2012.pdf); 
(D) 
8 
May 
2013 
(media.rabobank.com/m/f4aa95b1c3f8478/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2013-8-May-2013.pdf); 
(E) 
7 
May 
2014 
(media.rabobank.com/m/70677484c92a0937/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2014-7-May-2014.pdf); 
(F) 
7 
May 
2015 
(media.rabobank.com/m/3a2b25766cd82084/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2015-7-May-2015.pdf); 
(G) 
10 
May 
2016 
(media.rabobank.com/m/24cb2232208b7b93/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2016-10-May-2016.pd); 
(H) 
10 
May 
2017 
(media.rabobank.com/m/4bdb0afaafd55a8d/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2017-10-May-2017.pdf); 
(I) 
11 
May 
2018 
(media.rabobank.com/m/2fb3d3049f20c603/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2018-11-May-2018.pdf); 
(J) 
13 
May 
2019 
(media.rabobank.com/m/789eb8483bb02b75/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2019-13-May-2019.pdf); 
(K) 
26 
May 
2020 
(media.rabobank.com/m/22ce0c8a3f7a27d9/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2020-26-May-2020.pdf); 
(L) 
12 
May 
2021 
(media.rabobank.com/m/767596a094b0dcda/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2021-12-May-2021.pdf); and  
(M) 
18 
May 
2022 
(media.rabobank.com/m/918112e176c51e1/original/Prospectus-
Rabobank-GMTN-Program-2022-18-May-2022.pdf); and  
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 
December 2020, as set out on pages 107 to 210 in relation to the consolidated financial 
statements and the auditors’ report thereon on pages 234 to 250 of the Rabobank Annual 
Report 
2020 
(www.rabobank.com/en/images/annual-report-2020.pdf), 
the 
audited 
consolidated financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 December 2021,

--- Page 80 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
80 
as set out on pages 133 to 230 in relation to the consolidated financial statements and the 
auditors’ report thereon on pages 251 to 268 of the Rabobank Annual Report 2021 (and the 
section 
entitled 
‘Disclaimer’ 
on 
page 
2 
thereof) 
(media.rabobank.com/m/ce7ee4559d79ec2/original/Jaarverslag-2021-EN.pdf), 
and 
the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 
December 2022, as set out on pages 135 to 227 in relation to the consolidated financial 
statements and the auditors’ report thereon on pages 256 to 265 of the Rabobank Annual 
Report 
2022 
(and 
the 
section 
entitled 
‘Disclaimer’ 
on 
page 
2 
thereof)  
(media.rabobank.com/m/467790ff0c0d80c6/original/Annual-Report-2022-EN.pdf),  
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated 
by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for the purpose 
of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document which is subsequently 
incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement.  
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statements on the Issuer’s competitive position included in a document which is 
incorporated by reference herein and where no external source is identified are based on the Issuer’s 
internal assessment of generally available information. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus is 
delivered, a copy of the documents incorporated herein by reference unless such documents have been 
modified or superseded as specified above, in which case the modified or superseding version of such 
document will be provided. Such documents may be obtained (a) from the Issuer at its registered office 
set out at the end of this Base Prospectus, (b) by telephoning the Issuer on +31 (0)30 2160000 or (c) from 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.rabobank.com/about-us/investor-relations/funding-and-
capital/issuance-programs/gmtn-program. The information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. In addition, 
such documents will be available, without charge, from the principal office of Rabobank (as Euronext 
Amsterdam Listing Agent) in the Netherlands for Notes listed on Euronext Amsterdam and from the 
principal office of the Arranger in England and of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg. 
Except as set forth above and as otherwise specified herein, the contents of websites referenced in 
this Base Prospectus do not form any part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 81 ---
Supplementary Prospectus 
 
81 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting an assessment by investors of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to 
the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. Such supplement will be published on the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
www.rabobank.com/about-us/investor-relations/funding-and-capital/issuance-
programs/gmtn-program.   
From time to time, the credit rating agencies may revise their ratings of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
securities or the outlooks on these ratings. Unless required by applicable law, the Issuer may not prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent offer of the Notes in the event that one or more of these credit rating agencies revise their 
rating or their outlook on the ratings of the Issuer or the Issuer’s securities.

--- Page 82 ---
Important Information 
 
82 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Base Prospectus 
 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and has 
been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (in relation to PR 
Notes only). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
Responsibility statement 
Rabobank (the “Responsible Person”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Responsible Person, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Responsible Person is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Available information under Rule 144A 
Rabobank has agreed that, for so long as any Notes issued by it are “restricted securities” within 
the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it is neither 
subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder, provide to any holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities or to any prospective 
purchaser of such restricted securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner upon the request of 
such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information required to be provided by Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Rabobank is not, nor does it intend to become, a reporting company 
under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Any such request for information should be directed 
to Rabobank at its office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
Enforceability of Judgements 
Rabobank is a bank organised under the laws of the Netherlands. All or a substantial portion of the 
assets of Rabobank and a majority of its directors and executive officers are located outside the United 
States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States 
upon such persons or to enforce against any of them or Rabobank judgements obtained in United States 
courts, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United 
States or any State or territory within the United States. 
Presentation of financial information 
The audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU pursuant 
to EU Regulation No 1606/2002 (IFRS) and comply with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The 
corresponding summary figures have been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 83 ---
Important Information 
 
83 
Change in accounting policies and presentation 
As a result of changes in accounting policies and presentation, certain figures for Rabobank Group 
for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 in this Base Prospectus have been 
restated. See Rabobank Group audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, under note 2.1 “Basis of Preparation” for further information. 
Key performance indicators and non-IFRS measures 
This Base Prospectus presents certain financial measures that are not measures defined under 
IFRS, including operating results. These non-IFRS financial measures are not measures of financial 
performance under IFRS and should not be considered as a replacement for any IFRS financial measure. 
In addition, such measures, as defined by Rabobank Group, may not be comparable to other similarly titled 
measures used by other companies, because the above-mentioned non-IFRS financial measures are not 
defined under IFRS, other companies may calculate them in a different manner than Rabobank Group 
which limits their usefulness as comparative measures. Rabobank Group believes that these non-IFRS 
measures are important to understand Rabobank Group’s performance and capital position. 
This Base Prospectus also presents certain financial measures that are not measures defined under 
EU IFRS, including regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets and underlying results. As of 2014, capital 
metrics and risk exposures are reported under the Basel III framework. 
Rounding and negative amounts  
Certain figures contained in this Base Prospectus, including financial information, have been 
rounded. Accordingly, in certain instances the sum of the numbers in the text or a column or a row in tables 
contained in this Base Prospectus may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. 
In tables, negative amounts are shown between brackets. Otherwise, negative amounts are shown 
by “-” or “negative” or “minus” before the amount. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of section 27A of 
the Securities Act and section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical 
facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer’s financial 
position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations (including 
development plans and objectives relating to the Issuer’s products), are forward-looking statements. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer or industry results to be 
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the Issuer’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will 
operate in the future. 
Important factors that could cause the Issuer’s actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others, changes or downturns in 
the Dutch economy or the economies in other countries in which the Issuer conducts business, the impact 
of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates and the impact of future regulatory 
requirements. Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially include, but are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Other than as 
required by law or the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange, the Issuer expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement 
contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 84 ---
Important Information 
 
84 
Special considerations 
Index Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index Sponsor 
and the Index Sponsor makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to 
the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the figure at which the Index stands at any 
particular time on any particular day or otherwise. Each Index is calculated by a third party independent 
from the Issuer and, therefore, the Issuer will not accept any liability for any act or failure to act by the 
relevant Index Sponsor in connection with, among other things, the calculation, adjustment, maintenance 
or cancellation of the Index. 
Equity Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the issuer of the 
Underlying Securities and the issuer of the Underlying Securities makes no warranty or representation 
whatsoever, express or implied, as to the future performance of the Underlying Securities. 
With respect to FX Linked Notes, the Issuer makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, 
express or implied, as to the future performance of the relevant currency rate(s) or the value or level derived 
from a formula or index relating to one or more currency rate(s) or a combination thereof. 
The Issuer, including its branches and any group company, is acting solely in the capacity of an 
arm’s length contractual counterparty and not as a purchaser’s financial adviser or fiduciary in any 
transaction unless the Issuer has agreed to do so in writing. 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above and none of the Issuer nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of the 
Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates 
(if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
Governmental policy and regulation 
The Group is subject to extensive laws, regulations, corporate governance practices and disclosure 
requirements, administrative actions and policies in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Rabobank 
expects government and regulatory intervention in the financial services industry to remain high for the 
foreseeable future. 
The Group’s businesses and earnings can be affected by the fiscal or other policies and other 
actions of various governmental and regulatory authorities in the Netherlands, the European Union (“EU”), 
the United States and elsewhere. These policies and regulation (including any failure to comply with new 
rules and regulations) could have a significant impact on the Group’s legal structure, the manner in which 
the Group conducts its business, its reputation and the value of its assets.  
Regulatory compliance risk arises from a failure or inability to comply fully with the laws, regulations 
or codes applicable specifically to the financial services industry. Non-compliance could lead to fines, 
public reprimands, damage to reputation, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, 
withdrawal of authorisations to operate.

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
85 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
The following, other than the paragraphs in italics, is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject 
to completion and, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined herein) only, amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior 
Preferred Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each 
Series. The final terms for this Senior Preferred Note are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to 
or endorsed on this Senior Preferred Note (or on the Certificate relating to this Senior Preferred Note in 
the case of a Registered Note) which supplements these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) and, in 
the case of an Exempt Note, may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of 
this Senior Preferred Note. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the 
Definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Senior Preferred Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Preferred Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented at the date 
of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency Agreement”) dated 15 May 2023, between 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (“Rabobank” or the “Issuer”), acting through its head office or through 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch (“Rabobank Australia Branch”) or through Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch (“Rabobank New Zealand Branch”), Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a Covenant (as amended 
or supplemented at the Issue Date, the “Covenant”) dated 15 May 2023 executed by the Issuer and the 
fiscal agent in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the exchange agent, 
the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, 
respectively, as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Principal Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression 
shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Exchange Agent”, the “Transfer Agents” and the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”, and “Agent” shall mean any one of them. With respect to any Series of SIS Notes 
(as defined herein), the Issuer will appoint an issuing and principal paying agent and one or more paying 
agents having specified offices in Switzerland with respect to each Series (the “Issuing and Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent” and the “Swiss Paying Agent(s)”, respectively) pursuant to a supplemental agency 
agreement. In connection therewith, references in these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent shall be deemed 
to be references to the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent. The Noteholders (as defined below), the 
holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Notes in bearer form and, 
where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the 
“Receipts”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments (the 
“Receiptholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable 
to them.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Covenant are available upon reasonable request during 
normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including 
as to listing) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, first Interest Payment Dates, nominal 
amounts and/or Issue Prices.

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
86 
1 
Definitions 
(a) 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below. In addition, further defined terms are set out within the relevant 
Condition in which such terms are used. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person (for such purposes, “control” of any entity or person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person), and “controlled by” or 
“controls” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Amortisation Yield” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(i)(B). 
“Amortised Face Amount” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(i)(B). 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in the opinion of the Calculation Agent. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index, the Averaging Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
8(c)(ii); 
(ii) 
in respect of an Underlying Security, the Averaging Date shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 8(c)(ii); or 
(iii) 
in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or otherwise determined as provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business 
Day Convention. 
“Authorised Signatories” means any two of the members of the Managing Board.  
“Bearer Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Broken Amount” means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2019/879) 
and, as the context permits, any provision of Dutch law, including the Dutch Financial Markets 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) transposing or implementing such Directive. 
“Business Centre(s)” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the financial centres specified in the Final Terms; and 
(B) 
any of (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of the

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
87 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than any financial centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Wellington, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET 
Business Day or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets in Hong Kong are open for business and settlement of payments 
in Renminbi in Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Range Accrual Notes only, either (i) above or such other meaning specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch or, if different, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Certificates” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Clearing System Business Day” means, in respect of a clearing system, any day on which such 
clearing system is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) 
open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“CMS Linked Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 7(e). 
“CMS Linked Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 7(e). 
“CMS Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Condition, the relevant Reference 
Rate(s) or Floating Rate Option(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Control” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 14(c)(v). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
88 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 – M1 )]+(D2 - D1 )
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case, D1 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
89 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year. 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Documents” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 14(c)(i)(A). 
“Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Netherlands, relating 
to (i) the transposition into Dutch law of BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 48 thereof) as 
amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be 
reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
“Equity Linked Interest Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of interest 
payable is calculated by reference to an Underlying Security and/or Underlying Securities and/or a 
formula as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Equity Linked Note” means an Equity Linked Interest Note or an Equity Linked Redemption Note.

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
90 
“Equity Linked Redemption Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of 
principal payable is calculated by reference to an Underlying Security and/or Underlying Securities 
and/or a formula as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended 
by the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union. 
“Event of Default” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 13. 
“Exchangeable Bearer Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Exempt Notes” means Money Market Instruments and unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted 
to trading on any regulated market in the European Economic Area, where such Notes are, in 
addition, issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) or otherwise fall within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
“Exercise Notice” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 6(e). 
“Federal Reserve” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(a). 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(a). 
“Floating Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(b)(iii). 
“Floating Rate Option” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
“FRBNY” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“FX Linked Interest Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of interest 
payable is calculated by reference to a foreign exchange rate and/or a basket of foreign exchange 
rates and/or a formula as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Linked Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(i). 
“FX Linked Note” means an FX Linked Interest Note or an FX Linked Redemption Note. 
“FX Linked Redemption Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of principal 
payable is calculated by reference to a foreign exchange rate and/or a basket of foreign exchange 
rates and/or a formula as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Rate” has the meaning specified in Condition 9. 
“Holder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Index Linked Interest Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of interest 
payable is calculated by reference to an Index and/or Indices and/or a formula as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
91 
“Index Linked Note” means an Index Linked Interest Note and/or an Index Linked Redemption 
Note. 
“Index Linked Redemption Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of 
principal payable is calculated by reference to an Index and/or Indices and/or a formula as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Initial Interest Period” means, in respect of a Variable Rate Note: 
(i) 
where “Variation Notice” is specified to be not applicable or where the Issuer has elected to 
notify Noteholders of a variation in the Rate of Interest in accordance with Condition 5(f)(i), 
the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to and excluding the first 
Variation Date; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to and excluding 
the succeeding Variation Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means, in respect of a Variable Rate Note, that the Rate of Interest for the 
Initial Interest Period which shall be calculated in accordance with Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate, Inverse Floating Interest Rate, Range Accrual Interest Rate or CMS Linked Interest 
Rate specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“interest” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest 
Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part, 
provided that if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, the Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by 
the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01 (CNY0.005 
being rounded upwards); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, other than where the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH HIBOR, (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling, euro nor Renminbi, (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro or (iv) the day falling two Business Days in Hong Kong prior to the first day of such

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
92 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH 
HIBOR. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date on which interest for the relevant period falls due, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Inverse Floating Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(c). 
“Inverse Floating Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is 
calculated by reference to Condition 5(c).  
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if specified in the relevant Final Terms as “2006 ISDA Definitions”, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as 
amended or (ii) if specified in the relevant Final Terms as “2021 ISDA Definitions”, the latest version 
of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor 
Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions), each as at the 
Issue Date of the first tranche of Notes unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b)(iii)(A). 
“Issue Price” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Max” means, when followed by two or more amounts and/or calculations inside brackets and each 
separated by a semi-colon, the greater of such amounts and/or calculations. 
“Min” means, when followed by two or more amounts and/or calculations inside brackets and each 
separated by a semi-colon, the lower of such amounts and/or calculations. 
“Money Market Instruments” means money market instruments (as defined in Article 2(1) of 
Directive 2009/65/EC) having a maturity of less than 12 months. 
“Note” means a Bearer Note, an Exchangeable Bearer Note or a Registered Note, as applicable; 
“Noteholder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Principal” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
“Programme” means the EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note Programme of the 
Issuer. 
“Range Accrual Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(d). 
“Range Accrual Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest is calculated by 
reference to Condition 5(d).

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
93 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Record Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 10(b)(ii). 
 “Reference Rate” means LIBID, LIMEAN, GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, EURIBOR, EONIA, 
Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index Rate, STIBOR, 
CNH HIBOR, EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate or USD-ISDA-Swap Rate 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Register” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Registered Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of 
the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Resolution Authority. 
“Relevant Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or such successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a service which may be used for the 
purposes of displaying an interest rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Relevant Threshold Percentage” means 25 per cent. or such other percentage as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Renminbi” means the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China. 
“Resolution Authority” means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having 
resolution authority with respect to the Rabobank Group. 
“Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service” means the money rates monitor of the Reuters service. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
by reference to Conditions 5(b)(iii)(B), 5(b)(iii)(C), 5(b)(iii)(D), 5(b)(iii)(E), 5(b)(iii)(F) and 5(b)(iii)(G). 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
“Senior Preferred MREL Notes” means notes issued under the Programme which are specified as 
being “Senior Preferred MREL” in the applicable final terms relating thereto. 
“SIS Notes” means any Series of Notes which is denominated in Swiss francs and is deposited with 
SIX SIS AG (or such other depository as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange. 
“SOFR Reference Rate” means Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other Reference Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms linked to or referencing the Secured Overnight Funding Rate. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
94 
“Specified Interest Payment Date” means a date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, being a date on which interest for the relevant period falls due. 
“Substituted Debtor” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 14(c)(i). 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
“TARGET Business Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro. 
“unit” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 5(p)(v). 
“Variable Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(f). 
“Variation Date” means each date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Varied Interest Period” means each period from and including a Variation Date to but excluding 
the succeeding Variation Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be. 
“Varied Rate of Interest” means, in respect of a Variable Rate Note, that the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Varied Interest Period which shall be calculated in accordance with Fixed Interest Rate, 
Floating Interest Rate, Inverse Floating Interest Rate, Range Accrual Interest Rate, Zero Coupon 
Interest Rate or CMS Linked Interest Rate specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Zero Coupon Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(j). 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of principal payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 6(b). 
(b) 
References to capitalised terms not defined in Condition 1(a) above are to those terms as defined 
in the first paragraph of the preamble to these Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
In these Conditions, reference to any provision of law or regulation shall be deemed to include 
reference to any successor provision in respect of such law or regulation.  
2 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are 
specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”), in each case, in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified 
Denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, an Inverse Floating Rate Note, a 
Variable Rate Note, a CMS Linked Note, a Range Accrual Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Note, an Equity Linked Note, 
an FX Linked Note, an Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Note, a Partly Paid Note, a combination of any 
of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
95 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case, references to interest (other than in relation 
to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Instalment Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided 
in Condition 3(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same 
holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto shall pass by 
delivery and title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”), unless applicable law provides otherwise or provides for additional formalities for transfer of 
title. Insofar as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered 
Notes, the registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. Except 
as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, 
any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating 
to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), and “Holder” (in 
relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be). 
3 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 3(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, 
however, that, where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record 
Date for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be 
surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or such other form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent), duly completed and executed, 
together with any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. Insofar 
as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered 
Notes, the registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
96 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or partial redemption in respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option, or a partial redemption of Registered 
Notes, in respect of a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the 
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in 
Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued 
in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be 
issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the 
case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a 
new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3(a), 3(b) or 3(c) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice or surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall 
be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom 
delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid 
and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise 
in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 3(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial redemption or 
exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or 
the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be 
imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that 
Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption 
by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d), or (iii) after any such Note has been called for 
redemption. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for 
one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered 
not later than the relevant Record Date.

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
97 
4 
Status of Notes 
 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and such Notes or, as the case may be, Receipts and Coupons shall, 
at all times, rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves (save for certain mandatory 
exceptions provided by law). The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and 
Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable law, at all 
times, rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Preferred MREL Notes of the Issuer), 
present and future, other than, in a bankruptcy (faillissement), those unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended 
by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the Netherlands).  
5 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, provided that if the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest 
Period may be greater or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(q). 
Except as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Broken Amount. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual 
Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Variable Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity 
Linked Interest Notes and FX Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note, Inverse Floating Rate Note, Variable Rate 
Note, Range Accrual Note, CMS Linked Note, Index Linked Interest Note, Equity Linked 
Interest Note and FX Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(q). 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and for the purposes of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes, “Interest 
Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest Period may be greater 
or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
98 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate 
Determination or any other method of determination which may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall apply if specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus a Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(w) if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the first 
day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a)

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
99 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified 
in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method 
with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(7) 
the definition of “Fallback Observation Day” in the ISDA Definitions is 
deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: “Fallback 
Observation Day” means in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation 
Period (or any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) 
to which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day that is 
five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. 
(x) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
100 
(3) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(4) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
(y) 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions:  
(1) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the 
definition of “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be 
replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s 
Rate”; and  
(z) 
each of EUR-EURIBOR, EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters, EUR-EuroSTR, EUR-
EuroSTR Compounded Index, GBP-SONIA, GBP-SONIA Compounded Index, 
HKD-HONIA, JPY-TONA, USD-SOFR and USD-SOFR Compounded Index has 
the meaning given in the ISDA Definitions.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR or Compounded Index Rate 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, 
“Compounded Daily €STR”, “Compounded Daily SOFR”, “Weighted Average 
SOFR” or “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(t) and as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (London time) in the case of LIBID, LIMEAN and GBP-ISDA-Swap 
Rate, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR, EONIA or EUR-
ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) in the case of 
STIBOR, 11.15 a.m. (Hong Kong time) or if, at or around that time it is notified 
that the fixing will be published at 2.30 p.m. (Hong Kong time), then as of 2.30 
p.m. in the case of CNH HIBOR, 3.00 p.m. (Tokyo time) in the case of JPY-
ISDA-Swap Rate or 11.00 a.m. (New York City time) in the case of USD-ISDA-
Swap Rate, on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent plus or minus a Margin (if any). If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
101 
(w) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of sub-paragraph (v) and provided that such failure is not due to the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(t)), the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). If the Reference Rate cannot be 
determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Reference 
Rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(t).  
(x) 
Alternative Reference Rates: If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other 
than LIBID, LIMEAN, GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, EURIBOR, EONIA, STIBOR, 
CNH HIBOR, EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate or 
USD-ISDA-Swap Rate, the relevant Final Terms may specify that the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined either: 
(1) 
in accordance with the foregoing procedures in paragraphs (v) and (w) of 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B), save that references to the relevant Reference Rate 
and the time at which such Reference Rate shall be observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page shall be amended as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, in accordance with such other 
procedures as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(y) 
Alternative fallback provisions: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
fallback provisions set out in the paragraph below shall be applicable (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), or such other fallback provisions as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms shall apply, and in each case, the 
provisions of paragraphs (w) of Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) above shall not apply: 
(1) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (v) 
applies and no such offered quotation(s) appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the time specified above, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant Reference Rate for that date in its sole discretion, 
taking into consideration all available information that it in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, deems appropriate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(w) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(t), be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin.

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
102 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any Observation Period, the number 
of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“p” means the whole number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less than five 
London Banking Days; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
103 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking 
Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking 
Day “i”; or 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA reference rate determined in accordance with paragraph (1) 
above, except that in respect of each London Banking Day i falling on or 
after the “Lock-out date” specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no “Lock-out date” is specified, five London Banking Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day 
“i” falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for 
such day; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
(x) 
If, subject to Condition 5(t), in respect of any London Banking Day on which an 
applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be determined, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, the SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall 
be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads). 
(y) 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(x), if the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions 
from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance 
in order to determine the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the 
purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in 
order to determine Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall have no 
obligation to act until such amendments or modifications have been made in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
104 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(t), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(z) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(m). 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
€STR 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily €STR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(t), be Compounded Daily €STR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
the reference rate of the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷X 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
105 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting authority 
thereto; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni”, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Accrual Period, the whole number of TARGET Settlement 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, being no less than five TARGET Settlement Days; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro; 
“€STR Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as published by the ECB, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the ECB initially at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the ECB 
(the “ECB’s Website”) (in each case, on or before 11:00 a.m., Central European Time, 
on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day); and 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day “i”. 
(w) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR 
Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day 
for which such rate was published on the ECB’s Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in 
the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
106 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the ECB or another administrator) (the “ECB 
Recommended Rate”), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before 
the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were 
references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published 
on the ECB’s Website (the “EDFR”) on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the “EDFR Spread”). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring from and including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the EDFR on 
such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
(x) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (through substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(y) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
107 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(m). 
(z) 
As used in these Conditions: 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof.

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
108 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(u), be Compounded Daily 
SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method) in the relevant Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to but excluding the date “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days); and

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
109 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, zero; 
“USBD” means U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; 
or 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in 
respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling on or 
after the “Lock-out date” specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no “Lock-out date” is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in accordance 
with paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day i falling in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period, the SOFR for such day.  
Unless otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or unless the context 
otherwise requires, in these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have the 
following meanings: 
“New York City Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York City; 
“SOFR” means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY’s 
website at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Event have not 
occurred under Condition 5(u), then the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the FRBNY’s website for 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the FRBNY’s 
website; and

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
110 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Weighted Average 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Weighted Average SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(u), be Weighted Average SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Weighted Average SOFR” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
arithmetic mean of “SOFRi” in effect during such Interest Accrual Period and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[
∑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d”, “d0”, “i” and “p” have the meanings set out under Condition 5(b)(iii)(E);  
“n” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day i falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
day;  
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, during each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in 
respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling on or 
after the “Lock-out date” specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no “Lock-out date” is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each 
relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with 
paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i.

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
111 
(G) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing a Compounded Index 
Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(t) (in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate) or Condition 5(u) (in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate), be the compounded daily reference rate for such 
Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the 
Relevant Decimal Place (the “Compounded Index Rate”), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Compounded IndexEnd” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); 
“Compounded IndexStart” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
“Index Days” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 365 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 
being rounded upwards);

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
112 
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and five in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily Secured Overnight 
Funding Rate, as published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the FRBNY (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the FRBNY, or any successor 
source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of 
SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
In the case of the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(u), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SOFR 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(E) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SOFR Compounded Index” 
respectively. For such purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SOFR, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number and (iv) ‘360’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator.  
In the case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(t), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SONIA 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SONIA Compounded Index” 
respectively. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (iv) ‘365’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SONIA shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator and (v) the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent. 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable).

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
113 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(m). 
(H) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate 
Determination” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available the next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however, that 
if there is no such rate available for a period of time shorter or, as the case may be, 
longer than the relevant Interest Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions). 
(I) 
Formulaic determination for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes may also be determined by 
application of one or more of the formulae specified in Condition 5(c)(i)(B) - (H) below, 
where the Gearing Factor (as defined therein) is a negative number. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or in the case of Exempt Notes only, in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
If “INV(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Margin - Inverse Rate 
(B) 
if “INV(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Margin – (Gearing Factor x Inverse Rate); 
(C) 
if “INV(3)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Previous Coupon - (Gearing Factor x Inverse Rate); 
(D) 
if “INV(4)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Previous Coupon - (Gearing Factor x (Inverse Rate + Margin)); 
(E) 
if “INV(5)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
114 
Rate of Interest = Previous Coupon + Margin – (Gearing Factor x Inverse Rate); 
(F) 
if “INV(6)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Previous Coupon + Margin1; Margin2 – (Gearing Factor x 
Inverse Rate)]; 
(G) 
if “INV(7)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Previous Coupon + Margin1; Margin2 – (Gearing Factor x 
Inverse Rate)]; or 
(H) 
if “INV(8)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min{Previous Coupon + Margin1; Max[Previous Coupon + 
Margin2; Margin3 – (Gearing Factor x Inverse Rate)]}; 
where: 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Inverse Rate” means the relevant Reference Rate or Floating Rate Option as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, which may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be calculated 
by reference to the mathematical difference between, or sum of, two Reference Rates and/or 
Floating Rate Options, as the case may be;  
“Margin”, “Margin1” “Margin2” and “Margin3” have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the 
case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); and 
“Previous Coupon” means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period (if any), or such other Interest Period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In respect of the Interest Period commencing on the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Previous Coupon shall have the meaning specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and/or “ISDA Determination” is/are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii) shall apply 
as though references to Floating Rate Notes were references to Inverse Floating Rate Notes. 
(d) 
Rate of Interest on Range Accrual Notes 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Range Accrual Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or in the case of Exempt Notes only, in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
if “RAN(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Applicable Rate x (n/N); 
(B) 
if “RAN(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N); 
(C) 
if “RAN(3)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N);

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
115 
(D) 
if “RAN(4)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Maximum Rate 
of Interest1] x (n/N); or 
(E) 
if “RAN(5)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Minimum Rate 
of Interest1] x (n/N); 
where: 
“Accrual Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS Rates and/or Floating 
Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Applicable Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, 
(y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as 
the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Business Day” shall have the meaning set out in Condition 1, or such other meaning as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixing Day” means each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, or such other day 
or days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Gearing Factor” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin”, “Minimum Rate of Interest1” and “Maximum Rate of Interest1” have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
(x) an absolute value, (y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or 
Floating Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“N” means the total number of Fixing Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“n” means the number of Fixing Days where:  
(x) 
Range Accrual Condition1, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, is satisfied; or 
(y) 
Range Accrual Condition1 and Range Accrual Condition2, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, are satisfied; or 
(z) 
Range Accrual Condition1, Range Accrual Condition2 and Range Accrual Condition3, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, are satisfied, 
provided that: 
(1) 
for any Fixing Day which is not a Business Day and which falls during the relevant 
Interest Period, the Accrual Rate for such day will be deemed to be the Accrual Rate 
as at the immediately preceding Business Day; and 
(2) 
for each Fixing Day following the Rate Cut-off Date, the Accrual Rate will be deemed 
to be the Accrual Rate as at the Rate Cut-off Date; 
“Range Accrual Condition1”, “Range Accrual Condition2” and “Range Accrual 
Condition3” means where: 
(1)

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
116 
(w) 
Reference Rate > Accrual Rate1; or 
(x) 
Reference Rate ≥ Accrual Rate1; 
and/or 
(y) 
Reference Rate < Accrual Rate2; or 
(z) 
Reference Rate ≤ Accrual Rate2; 
or 
(2) 
(w) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) > Accrual 
Rate1; or 
(x) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) ≥ Accrual 
Rate1; 
and/or 
(y) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) < Accrual 
Rate2; or 
(z) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) ≤ Accrual 
Rate2, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate Cut-off Date” means the date that is five Fixing Days prior to the relevant Specified 
Interest Payment Date (or such other number of Fixing Days as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
(ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and/or “ISDA Determination” is/are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii) shall apply 
as though references to Floating Rate Notes were references to Range Accrual Notes. 
(e) 
Rate of Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by applying one or more of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if “CMS(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate; 
(B) 
if “CMS(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate + Margin; 
(C) 
if “CMS(3)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x CMS Rate + Margin; 
(D) 
if “CMS(4)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x CMS Rate; 
(E) 
if “CMS(5)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
117 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x (CMS Rate + Margin); 
(F) 
if “CMS(6)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2; 
(G) 
if “CMS(7)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x (CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2 + Margin); 
(H) 
if “CMS(8)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x (CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2) + Margin; 
(I) 
if “CMS(9)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 x 
Applicable Rate + Margin2]; 
(J) 
if “CMS(10)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 x 
Applicable Rate + Margin2]; 
(K) 
if “CMS(11)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 
x CMS Rate2 + Margin2]; 
(L) 
if “CMS(12)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 x 
CMS Rate2 + Margin2]; 
(M) 
if “CMS(13)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Minimum Rate of 
Interest1] - Max[Gearing Factor2 x CMS Rate2 + Margin2; Minimum Rate of 
Interest2]; 
(N) 
if “CMS(14)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Maximum Rate of 
Interest1] - Min[Gearing Factor2 x CMS Rate2 + Margin2; Maximum Rate of 
Interest2]; 
(O) 
if “CMS(15)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 
x (CMS Rate2 – CMS Rate3 + Margin2)]; 
(P) 
if “CMS(16)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 x 
(CMS Rate2 – CMS Rate3 + Margin2)]; 
(Q) 
if “CMS(17)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor1 x Max[Gearing Factor2 x CMS Rate1 + Gearing 
Factor3 x CMS Rate2 + Margin1; Gearing Factor4 x CMS Rate3 + Gearing Factor5 
x CMS Rate4 + Margin2] + Margin3;

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
118 
(R) 
if “CMS(18)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor1 x Min[Gearing Factor2 x CMS Rate1 + Gearing 
Factor3 x CMS Rate2 + Margin1; Gearing Factor4 x CMS Rate3 + Gearing Factor5 
x CMS Rate4 + Margin2] + Margin3; 
(S) 
if “CMS(19)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor1 x ((1+ Gearing Factor2 x (CMS Rate + Margin)) 
^ Power – 1); 
(T) 
if “CMSRA(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Applicable Rate x (n/N); 
(U) 
if “CMSRA(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N); 
(V) 
if “CMSRA(3)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N); 
(W) 
if “CMSRA(4)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Maximum Rate 
of Interest1] x (n/N); or 
(X) 
if “CMSRA(5)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Minimum Rate 
of Interest1] x (n/N); 
where: 
“Accrual Range” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms, and may, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) expressed as a range between two percentages 
(and if the Accrual Rate is equal to the upper or lower limits of such Accrual Range, it shall 
be deemed to fall inside or outside such Accrual Range as so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or (y) expressed to be greater than (or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
equal to) a specified percentage or (z) expressed to be less than (or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, equal to) a specified percentage; 
“Accrual Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS Rates and/or Floating 
Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Applicable Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, 
(y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as 
the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“CMS Rate”, “CMS Rate1”, “CMS Rate2”, “CMS Rate3” and “CMS Rate4” means the relevant 
Reference Rate(s) or Floating Rate Option(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms, which 
may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be calculated by reference to the 
mathematical difference between, or sum of, two Reference Rates or Floating Rate Options, 
or by applying one of the formulae specified in sub-paragraphs (A) to (X) above;

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
119 
“Fixing Day” means each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, or such other day 
or days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Gearing Factor”, “Gearing Factor1”, “Gearing Factor2”, “Gearing Factor3”, “Gearing 
Factor4” and “Gearing Factor5” have the meanings specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin”, “Margin1” “Margin2” and “Margin3” have the meanings specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, 
(y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as 
the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Minimum Rate of Interest1”, “Minimum Rate of Interest2”, “Maximum Rate of Interest1” 
and “Maximum Rate of Interest2” have the meanings specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“N” means the total number of Fixing Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“n” means the number of Fixing Days where the Accrual Rate (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) falls inside or outside the Accrual Range (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), provided that: 
(A) 
for any Fixing Day which is not a Business Day and which falls during the relevant 
Interest Period, the Accrual Rate for such day will be deemed to be the Accrual Rate 
as at the immediately preceding Business Day; and 
(B) 
for each Fixing Day following the Rate Cut-off Date, the Accrual Rate will be deemed 
to be the Accrual Rate as at the Rate Cut-off Date; 
“Power” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Rate Cut-off Date” means the date that is five Fixing Days prior to the relevant Specified 
Interest Payment Date (or such other number of Fixing Days as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
(i) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest which is applicable with 
respect to one or more Interest Periods may be conditional upon a specified CMS 
Rate being equal to or greater than a pre-determined rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. Any such rate shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and/or “ISDA Determination” is/are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii) 
shall apply as though references to Floating Rate Notes were references to CMS 
Linked Notes. 
(iii) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
in respect of different Interest Periods may be calculated by reference to more than 
one of the formulae set out in sub-paragraph (i) above. 
(f) 
Rate of Interest on Variable Rate Notes 
In respect of Variable Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be determined in accordance with the 
Initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms may specify 
one or more Variation Dates upon which the Rate of Interest may instead be calculated in 
accordance with the Varied Rate(s) of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(i) 
If “Variation Notice” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Varied 
Rate of Interest will only apply from the relevant Variation Date at the option of the Issuer, 
having given not less than five Business Days’ notice to Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of such variation.

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
120 
(ii) 
If “Variation Notice” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Varied 
Rate(s) of Interest will automatically apply on the Variation Date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
(g) 
Rate of Interest on Index Linked Interest Notes 
Index Linked Interest Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The Rate of Interest in respect 
of Index Linked Interest Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and interest will accrue by reference to an Index or a Basket 
of Indices or formula as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(h) 
Rate of Interest on Equity Linked Interest Notes 
Equity Linked Interest Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. In the case of Equity Linked 
Notes, the Rate of Interest or amount of interest payable in respect of each Interest Accrual Period 
or on each Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be determined by reference 
to an Underlying Security or a Basket of Underlying Securities or formula in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
(i) 
Rate of Interest on FX Linked Interest Notes 
FX Linked Interest Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The following provisions apply to 
FX Linked Interest Notes: 
(i) 
In the case of FX Linked Interest Notes, the Rate of Interest or amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Interest Accrual Period or on each Specified Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, shall be determined by reference to an FX Rate and/or a basket of FX Rates 
and/or a formula, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, or in accordance with one of the 
following formulae: 
(A) 
if “FX(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Rate1 x (FXn/FX0) – Rate2; or 
(B) 
if “FX(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Rate1 x (FXn/FX0), 
where: 
“Base Currency” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“FXn” means (i) if “Bid Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the bid rate of the 
relevant FX Rate published on the FX Price Source on the FX Valuation Date or (ii) if “Mid 
Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rate 
of the relevant FX Rate published on the FX Price Source on the FX Valuation Date, each at 
such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“FX0” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“FX Determination Date” means the day which is 10 Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date (or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“FX Rate” has the meaning specified in Condition 9; 
“Rate1” and “Rate2” refer to the Rates of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) calculated based 
upon one or more Reference Rates or Floating Rate Options (as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y);

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
121 
“Reference Currency” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the display page so designated on the service specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or such other page as may replace that page on that service (or 
replace such services) for the purposes of displaying an exchange rate comparable to such 
rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
(ii) 
If FX Range Notes is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of each Interest Period will be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
if the Spot Rate is less than the Maximum Currency Rate or greater than the Minimum 
Currency Rate at any time during the Observation Period, the Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to Rate1; and 
(B) 
if the Spot Rate is equal to or greater than the Maximum Currency Rate or equal to or 
less than the Minimum Currency Rate at any time during the Observation Period, the 
Rate of Interest shall be equal to Rate2, 
where: 
“Currency Pair” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Currency Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Currency Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means each Interest Period, or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rate1” and “Rate2” have the meanings specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Spot Market” means the global spot foreign exchange market, which shall be treated as 
being open continuously from 5.00 a.m. Sydney time on a Monday in any week to 5.00 p.m. 
New York time on the Friday of that week; and 
“Spot Rate” means the rates for the exchange of the Currency Pair in the Spot Market for 
foreign exchange transactions. 
(j) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes do not bear interest. 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be Zero Coupon 
is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)(B)). 
(k) 
Dual Currency Notes 
Dual Currency Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if 
the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference to a Rate of Exchange or a method 
of calculating the Rate of Exchange, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
122 
(l) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than 
Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up 
nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(m) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11). 
(n) 
Interest Trigger Event 
If Interest Trigger Event is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply, in each case, as may be amended in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
In respect of all Interest Periods beginning on or after such date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
occurrence of an Interest Trigger Event, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of 
Interest. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of an Interest Trigger Event, the Rate of Interest for all subsequent 
Interest Periods (excluding the Interest Period in which the Interest Trigger Event occurred) 
shall be the Reset Rate of Interest. 
(iii) 
If an Interest Trigger Event does not occur, the Interest Amount payable on the Maturity Date 
shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 5(p)(iv). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(n): 
“Aggregate Interest Amount” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date (the “Relevant 
Interest Payment Date”), the sum of all Interest Amounts paid per Calculation Amount, during the 
period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date, to (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Interest Payment Date, plus the Interest 
Amount due on the Relevant Interest Payment Date; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Trigger Event” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Aggregate Interest 
Amount on such Interest Payment Date being equal to or greater than the Minimum Interest Amount; 
“Minimum Interest Amount” means the minimum aggregate amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount during the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date, to (and including) the Maturity Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Reset Rate of Interest” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(o) 
Knock-in Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the following provisions 
shall apply, in each case, as may be amended in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
For each Interest Period in respect of which a Knock-in Event does not occur during the 
relevant Reference Period or at the applicable Reference Time (as the case may be), the 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest.

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
123 
(ii) 
For each Interest Period in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-
in Event has occurred during the relevant Reference Period or at the applicable Reference 
Time (as the case may be), the Rate of Interest shall be the Reset Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(o): 
“Initial Rate of Interest” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Knock-in Barrier” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Knock-in Event” means, at any time during the Reference Period or at the Reference Time (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Relevant Rate is equal to or greater than the Knock-in 
Barrier or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, less than the Knock-in Barrier; 
“Reference Period” means the period from (and including) the fifth Business Day prior to the start 
of the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the fifth Business Day prior to the end of such 
Interest Period, or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Time” means the time and date at which the Relevant Rate is determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Relevant Rate” means the relevant Reference Rate, Floating Rate Option, Inverse Rate, CMS 
Rate, FX Rate or such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Reset Rate of Interest” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(p) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount and 
rounding 
In the case of any Notes: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest 
in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods in the 
case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin; subject always to the 
next paragraph. Any such Margin may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an 
absolute value, (y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS 
Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y). 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum or Minimum Interest Amount, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject 
to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
Any such Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest may, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be determined by reference to (w) one or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS 
Rates and/or Floating Rate Options, (x) a multiple of one or more Reference Rates and/or 
Floating Rate Options, (y) the mathematical difference between, or the product or sum of, 
two or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS Rates and/or Floating Rate Options and/or 
(z) any combination of (x), (y) and (z). 
(iv) 
Where a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the aggregate 
amount of all Interest Amounts paid per Calculation Amount prior to the Maturity Date is less 
than such Minimum Interest Amount, the Interest Amount to be paid on the Maturity Date 
shall be equal to the difference between the Minimum Interest Amount and the aggregate of 
all Interest Amounts paid per Calculation Amount prior to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
124 
(v) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.0000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to 
seven significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a five or greater, the 
seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(q) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save 
that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(r) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Automatic Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period 
Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 13, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes, save in the case of Compounded Daily 
SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate and Weighted Average SOFR for the purposes of Condition 5(b),

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
125 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 5 but 
no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
(s) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid and such successor having accepted such appointment. 
(t) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than a SOFR 
Reference Rate) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(t)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(t)(iv)). 
In making such determination, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(t) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of 
bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant 
to this Condition 5(t).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(t) 
prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
126 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first 
paragraph of this Condition 5(t)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) and acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(t)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(t)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), is unable to determine prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread in respect of the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period only. Any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the 
determination of an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the first paragraph of Condition 
5(t)(i), provided that once the Issuer and (if appointed) the Independent Adviser have 
determined an Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall apply for all subsequent 
Interest Accrual Periods.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(t) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent Adviser has been 
appointed by the Issuer) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(t)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(t), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
127 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(t) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(t)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(t) will be notified at least 10 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Calculation Agent. In accordance with Condition 14, notice shall be provided 
to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(t); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, 
the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(t), if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(t), the Calculation Agent shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful 
default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
128 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(t) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(b)(iii)(B)(w) 
and 5(b)(iii)(B)(x) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(v).  
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(t): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) 
(B) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied) 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 5(t)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(t)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
129 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(F) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market,  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (F) above, on the date with effect from 
which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant 
public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination.  
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(t)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means either (i) the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or (ii) any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which replaces the Original Reference Rate pursuant to 
the operation of this Condition 5(t); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (z) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
130 
(u) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is a SOFR Reference Rate, in addition 
and notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, this Condition 5(u) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for such determinations on all subsequent dates. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(u), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(u) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations 
i. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its 
designee pursuant to this Condition 5(u), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
ii. In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
as applicable, cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Issuer or its designee, prior to the date which is 10 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
131 
Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5(u). 
iii. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(u), if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 5(u), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own 
gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(iv) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(u): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as provided by 
the FRBNY, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate)) (“SOFR”); provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to 
the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
132 
(C) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) in the case of sub paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
133 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if 
the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY, or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the 
FRBNY or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
6 
Redemption, purchase and options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each 
Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed 
on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount. The outstanding nominal amount 
of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount 
is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of 
the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall 
remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each 
Note shall be fully redeemed on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms, is 
its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final 
Instalment Amount. In the case of Fixed Rate Notes where the Specified Currency is 
Renminbi, if the Maturity Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date 
will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would fall in the next calendar month in 
which event the Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
134 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e) or 6(f) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 13 shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
quarterly, semi-annually or annually, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e) or 6(f) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 13 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (A) above, except that such sub-paragraph 
shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph (C) 
shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, 
unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case, the amount 
due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(m). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in sub-paragraph (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
6(c), 6(d), 6(e) or 6(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 13, shall 
be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption: If the Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred or will occur in relation to any Interest Payment Date falling 
on or after the Automatic Early Redemption Commencement Date but prior to the Maturity 
Date, the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days’ notice (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of such determination to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 and shall redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on such 
Interest Payment Date at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(iii): 
“Aggregate Interest Amount” has the meaning specified in Condition 5(n); 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
135 
“Automatic Early Redemption Commencement Date” has the meaning specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
Aggregate Interest Amount on such Interest Payment Date being equal to or greater than the 
Maximum Interest Amount; and 
“Maximum Interest Amount” means the maximum aggregate amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount during the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, to (and including) the Maturity Date, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, an Equity 
Linked Interest Note or an FX Linked Interest Note) or at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating 
Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, an Equity Linked Interest Note nor an FX Linked Interest 
Note) on giving not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Netherlands, in respect of any Issuer and Australia in respect of 
Rabobank Australia Branch and New Zealand in respect of Rabobank New Zealand Branch or, in 
each case, any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most 
recent Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(i) 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
10 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
136 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6. 
(ii) 
In the case of a partial redemption pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) above, the notice to 
Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of 
Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the 
holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such 
place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
stock exchange requirements. 
(iii) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply for the 
purposes of calculating the Optional Redemption Amount for the purposes of Condition 6(d)(i) 
above:  
(A) 
Where the Reference Rate on an Observation Date is equal to or less than the Strike 
Rate, the Optional Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount which is payable on 
the immediately following Optional Redemption Date shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, using the following formula: 
Optional Redemption Amount = Calculation Amount x (100 per cent. + (X n)) 
where: 
“n” means, with respect to an Observation Date, the number of Observation Dates 
during the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (and including) such 
Observation Date; and 
“X” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(B) 
Where the Reference Rate on an Observation Date is greater than the Strike Rate, 
the Optional Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount which is payable on the 
immediately following Optional Redemption Date shall be 100 per cent. of such 
Calculation Amount, 
in each case, where: 
“Observation Date” means, in relation to any Optional Redemption Date, the date which is 
five Business Days prior to such Optional Redemption Date (or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Strike Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iv) 
If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, if the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding is the Relevant Threshold Percentage or less of the 
principal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes 
issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated and forming a single series with the Notes 
shall be deemed to have been originally issued), by giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 
days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and 
(in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar (which notice shall, subject as aforesaid, be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption) elect to redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
137 
interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of 
any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) 
above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together 
with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in 
the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice 
(“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option 
exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Redemption for illegality 
In the event that the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations under 
the Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge its obligations under the Notes has or will 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with 
any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation 
thereof, the Issuer, having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
(g) 
Delivery of Underlying Securities 
(i) 
If Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes will be 
redeemed by way of delivery of Underlying Securities and the Issuer will transfer, or procure 
the delivery by the Delivery Agent of, in respect of each Note, the Underlying Securities 
Amount to or to the order of the Noteholder (as specified by the Noteholder). In order to 
obtain delivery of the Underlying Securities Amount, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to 
any Paying Agent, on or before the Presentation Date, the relevant Note(s) and a duly 
completed Delivery Notice. No Delivery Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by a 
Paying Agent. Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed 
and delivered shall be made by the relevant Paying Agent, after consultation with the Issuer 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder. If the relevant 
Note and the related Delivery Notice are delivered or are deemed to be delivered to any 
Paying Agent on a day that is not a Business Day, such Note and Delivery Notice shall be 
deemed to be delivered on the next following Business Day. 
If the holder of a Note does not deliver the Note and a Delivery Notice, in each case, as set 
out above, on or before the Presentation Date as provided above, then the Issuer shall have 
no obligation to make delivery of the Underlying Securities Amount in respect of such Note 
unless and until a duly completed Delivery Notice (together with the relevant Note) are each

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
138 
delivered as provided above and delivery of such Underlying Securities Amount shall be 
made as soon as possible thereafter but not earlier than the Underlying Securities Delivery 
Date. 
All Delivery Expenses shall, be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery 
and/or transfer of any Underlying Securities Amount shall be required to be made until all 
Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by such Noteholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant holder of a Note shall not be entitled to any additional 
or further payment by reason of the delivery of the Underlying Securities Amount in respect 
of such Note occurring after the Underlying Securities Delivery Date as a result of such 
Delivery Notice or Note being delivered after the Presentation Date. 
The Issuer shall on the Underlying Securities Delivery Date, deliver or procure the delivery 
of the Underlying Securities Amount in respect of each Note to such account at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear or the other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant 
Delivery Notice at the risk and expense of the relevant Noteholder. As used herein, “delivery” 
in relation to any Underlying Securities Amount means the carrying out of the steps required 
of the Issuer (or such person as it may procure to make the relevant delivery) in order to 
effect the transfer of the relevant Underlying Securities Amount in accordance with the 
relevant Delivery Notice and “deliver” shall be construed accordingly. The Issuer shall not 
be responsible for any delay or failure in the transfer of such Underlying Securities Amount 
once such steps have been carried out, whether resulting from settlement periods of clearing 
systems, acts or omissions of registrars, incompatible or incorrect information being 
contained in the Delivery Notice or otherwise and shall have no responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Underlying Securities comprising the Underlying 
Securities Amount or any interest therein by any Noteholder or any other person. 
Noteholders should note that the actual date on which they become holders of the Underlying 
Securities comprising the Underlying Securities Amount will depend, among other factors, 
on the procedures of the relevant clearing systems and share registrar and the effect of any 
Settlement Disruption Events. 
No Noteholder will be entitled to receive dividends or other distributions declared or paid in 
respect of the Underlying Securities to which such Note gives entitlement or to any other 
rights relating to or arising out of such Underlying Securities if the date on which the 
Underlying Securities are quoted ex-dividend or ex-the relevant right falls before the date on 
which the Underlying Securities are credited into the securities account of the Noteholder. 
(ii) 
Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Condition 6 to the same Noteholder will be 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the Underlying Securities Amount to which such 
Notes give entitlement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a Basket per particular 
class of Underlying Securities comprised in that Basket). The Noteholders will not be entitled 
to any interest or other payment or compensation if and to the extent that the delivery of the 
Underlying Securities Amount will take place after the earlier of (A) the Optional Redemption 
Date or (B) the Maturity Date (as specified in these Conditions). The number of Underlying 
Securities comprising the Underlying Securities Amount in respect of a Note will be calculated 
on the basis of the prevailing formula in the relevant Final Terms rounded down to the next 
whole integral number of Underlying Securities. Entitlement to the remaining fractions of 
Underlying Securities will be settled by payment of the Fractional Cash Amount in respect of 
those fractions rounded up to two decimals, as calculated by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
139 
(iii) 
Settlement Disruption 
If the Calculation Agent determines that delivery of any Underlying Securities Amount in 
respect of any Note by the Issuer in accordance with these Conditions is not practicable or 
permitted by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event subsisting, then the Underlying 
Securities Delivery Date in respect of such Note shall be postponed to the first following 
Delivery Day in respect of which no such Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting and notice 
thereof shall be given to the relevant Noteholder by mail addressed to it at the address 
specified in the relevant Delivery Notice or in accordance with Condition 17, provided that 
the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole discretion that the Issuer satisfies its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Note by delivering or procuring the delivery of such 
Underlying Securities Amount using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may 
select and in such event the Underlying Securities Delivery Date shall be such day as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate in connection with delivery of such Underlying 
Securities Amount in such other commercially reasonable and lawful manner. No Noteholder 
shall be entitled to any payment whether of interest or otherwise on such Note in the event 
of any delay in the delivery of the Underlying Securities Amount pursuant to this paragraph 
(iii) and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
Where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Underlying Securities 
comprising the Underlying Securities Amount, the Underlying Securities Delivery Date for the 
Underlying Securities comprising such Underlying Securities Amount but not affected by the 
Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Underlying Securities Delivery 
Date. 
For so long as delivery of part or all of the Underlying Securities comprising the Underlying 
Securities Amount (the “Affected Underlying Securities”) in respect of any Note is not 
practicable or permitted by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then, in lieu of physical 
delivery of the Affected Underlying Securities and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, 
the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of each relevant 
Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the 
third Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17. Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
17. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. 
(h) 
Redemption of Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes and FX Linked Notes 
following an Additional Disruption Event 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount, together with, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Any determination made that the Notes are to be redeemed in accordance with this Condition 6(h) 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17, together with the date of such 
redemption.

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
140 
(i) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6 and the provisions specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(j) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may, at any time, purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries (other than Bearer Notes 
purchased in the ordinary course of business of dealing in securities or in the name of another party) 
may be surrendered for cancellation and, in each case, if so surrendered, will be cancelled forthwith 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith), and may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. Notes 
may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each Note, 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the 
Registrar. 
7 
Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes 
Equity Linked Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The following provisions apply to Equity Linked 
Notes: 
(a) 
Definitions 
As used in relation to Equity Linked Notes: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or any other Additional Disruption Event, in each case, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Affected Security” means, in respect of Equity Linked Notes that relate to a Basket of Underlying 
Securities, an Underlying Security for which a Valuation Date is affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day. 
“Basket” means a basket comprised of each Underlying Security specified in the Final Terms in the 
relative proportion/number specified in the Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date of any Notes (i) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due 
to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying 
Security relating to its hedge position in respect of such Notes, or (B) the Issuer will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to such Notes (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position 
of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates).

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
141 
“Company” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, the issuer of the Underlying Security 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Delisting” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, that the Exchange announces that, 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Underlying Security ceases (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender 
Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union 
or in the United Kingdom, in any member state of the European Union or in the United Kingdom) 
and such Underlying Security is no longer listed on an Exchange acceptable to the Issuer. 
“Delivery Agent” means Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. or, if different, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Delivery Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, a day on which Underlying Securities 
comprised in the Underlying Security Amount may be delivered to Noteholders in the manner which 
the Calculation Agent has determined in its sole and absolute discretion to be appropriate. 
“Delivery Expenses” means the expenses, including all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses 
including stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from or in connection 
with the delivery and/or transfer of any Underlying Securities Amount. 
“Delivery Notice” means a written notice substantially in such form as the Issuer may determine, 
which must specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder and the securities account in 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing system to be credited with the relevant 
Underlying Securities Amount and authorise the production of such notice in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings and copies may be obtained from any Agent. 
“Disrupted Day” means (i) in respect of an Underlying Security, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which (A) the Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (B) any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (C) a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred. 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the fair market value of the Affected Underlying Securities less the cost to the 
Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer 
in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Early Closure” means in respect of an Underlying Security, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to 
be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
“Equity Valuation Date(s)” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if that day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in the opinion of the Calculation Agent. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Equity Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(c)(i). 
“Exchange” means in respect of an Underlying Security, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Underlying Security in the relevant Final Terms or notified from time to 
time to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 and any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
142 
Security has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such Underlying Security on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means (i) in respect of an Underlying Security, any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion) the ability of market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, the Underlying Security on the Exchange, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Security on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
“Extraordinary Dividend” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, an amount specified or 
otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms. If no Extraordinary Dividend is 
specified or otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the characterisation of 
a dividend or portion thereof as an Extraordinary Dividend shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Fractional Amount” means any fractional interest in one Underlying Security to which a 
Noteholder would be entitled pursuant to Condition 6(g)(ii). 
“Fractional Cash Amount” means, in respect of each Note and in respect of Underlying Securities 
of a Company, the amount in the Specified Currency (rounded to the nearest smallest transferable 
unit of such currency, half such a unit being rounded downwards) determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion in accordance with the following formula: 
Fractional Cash Amount = (the Reference Price x Fractional Amount x Underlying FX Rate). 
Where: 
“Underlying FX Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, the prevailing spot rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as the number of units 
of the Specified Currency that could be bought with one unit of the currency in which the 
relevant Underlying Security is quoted on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date. 
“Hedging Disruption” means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the Underlying Security or 
other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the Underlying Security or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
143 
“Insolvency” means, by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceedings affecting, a Company, at any time (i) all 
the Underlying Securities of such Company are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or 
other similar official or (ii) holders of the Underlying Securities of such Company become legally 
prohibited from transferring them. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any Underlying Securities, any (i) reclassification or change 
of such Underlying Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all of such Underlying Securities outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or into another 
entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in 
which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all of such Underlying Securities outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 
100 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Securities of the relevant Company that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Underlying Securities (other than 
such Underlying Securities owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its subsidiaries with 
or into another entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Underlying Securities outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Underlying Securities (other than Underlying Securities owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Underlying Securities immediately following such event (a “Reverse Merger”), in each 
case, if the Merger Date is on or before the relevant Valuation Date. 
“Nationalisation” means the event in which all the assets or substantially all the assets of a 
Company or the Underlying Securities of such a Company are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means, with respect to any Company, any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Underlying Securities (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Underlying 
Securities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Underlying Securities 
specified in the relevant Final Terms of (A) such Underlying Securities or (B) other share 
capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Underlying Securities or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or 
owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case, 
for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by it in respect of any Underlying Securities that are not fully paid;

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
144 
(v) 
a repurchase by it or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying Securities, whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is in cash, new shares, 
securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Company pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, provided that any adjustment effected 
as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Securities. 
“Presentation Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Price” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single Underlying 
Security, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on 
the Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the 
Underlying Security quoted on the relevant Exchange and, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, without regard to any subsequently published correction as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, no such official 
closing price (or, as the case may be, price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a 
Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) can be determined at such time, 
unless the Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price 
(or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a Valuation 
Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the 
fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the Underlying Security determined, at the 
Calculation Agent’s discretion, either by reference to the arithmetic mean of the foregoing 
prices or the middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Underlying Security or by 
reference to such other factors and source(s) as the Calculation Agent shall decide. The 
amount determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be converted, if Exchange Rate is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, into the Specified Currency at the 
Exchange Rate and such converted amount shall be the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket of Underlying 
Securities, an amount equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Underlying Security 
as the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a 
Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the Underlying Security quoted on 
the relevant Exchange as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, without regard to any subsequently published correction 
or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, no such official closing price (or price at the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) can be determined at such time, unless the Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith to be equal to the arithmetic mean 
of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time 
on the Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
145 
closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the Underlying 
Security determined, at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either by reference to the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or the middle market quotations provided to it by two 
or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in the trading of the 
Underlying Security or by reference to such other factors and source(s) as the Calculation 
Agent shall decide). Each amount determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be converted, 
if the Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, into the Specified 
Currency at the Exchange Rate and the sum of such converted amounts shall be the 
Reference Price. 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, each exchange or quotation 
system (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or notified from time to time to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17), if any, on which the Underlying Security, is traded or quoted, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Security has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Security on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange) and as may be 
selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent, provided that, where “All Exchanges” is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the relevant Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean 
each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying 
Security. 
“Reverse Merger” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Merger Event”. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange and Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
the hours of the regular trading session. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, any day on which each 
Exchange and Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective trading 
sessions. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Series, (i) an event beyond the control of 
the Issuer as a result of which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of (one of) the 
Underlying Securities comprised in any Underlying Securities Amount by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
in accordance with these Conditions and/or relevant Final Terms, is not practicable; or (ii) the 
existence of any prohibition or material restriction imposed by applicable law (or by order, decree or 
regulation of any governmental entity, stock exchange or self-regulating body having jurisdiction), 
including prohibitions or restrictions resulting from action taken or not taken by the Issuer and/or 
any Affiliate of the Issuer on the ability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates engaged in hedging 
transactions relating to the Underlying Securities to transfer the Underlying Securities or a particular 
class of Underlying Securities comprised in any Underlying Securities Amount. 
“Tender Offer” means, in respect of any Underlying Security, a takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity 
or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
146 
relevant Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies, or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent determines to be relevant. 
“Tender Offer Date” means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the 
amount of applicable thresholds are actually purchased or otherwise obtained, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Trading Disruption” means in respect of an Underlying Security, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (A) relating to the Underlying Security on the Exchange or (B) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Underlying Security on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Underlying Securities” means the shares or other securities or different classes of shares or other 
securities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Underlying Securities Amount” means, subject to Conditions 6 and 7, in respect of each Note, 
the amount of Underlying Securities so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Underlying Securities Delivery Date” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, subject to 
Condition 6, the Maturity Date or, if such day is not a Delivery Day, the first succeeding day that is 
a Delivery Day. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Date” means each Equity Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, as applicable. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time 
is specified in respect of an Underlying Security, the close of trading on the relevant Exchange in 
relation to that Underlying Security or such other time as the Calculation Agent may select and as 
notified to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. If the Exchange closes prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for 
its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(b) 
Correction of an Underlying Security Price 
If the price of an Underlying Security published on the Valuation Date is subsequently corrected and 
the correction (the “Corrected Underlying Security Price”) is published on the relevant Exchange 
prior to the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, then such Corrected 
Underlying Security Price shall be deemed to be the closing price for such Underlying Security for 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of (i) that 
correction and (ii) the amount of principal and/or interest (if any) that is payable as a result of that 
correction and as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Issuer shall make payment of such 
amount in accordance with Condition 10. 
(c) 
Disrupted Days 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Equity Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in 
respect of an Underlying Security, then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Security, the Equity Valuation Date in respect of that Underlying Security 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of that Underlying Security, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
(or such other number of Scheduled Trading Days as may be specified in the relevant

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
147 
Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (I) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading 
Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Equity 
Valuation Date in respect of that Underlying Security, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Reference Price as its good faith estimate of the value for the Underlying Security as 
at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled 
Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(B) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Underlying Securities, the Equity Valuation Date in respect of each Underlying 
Security not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Equity Valuation Date in respect of each Affected Security 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of the Affected Security unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days (or 
such other number of Scheduled Trading Days as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of the Affected Security. In that case, (I) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
(or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
shall be deemed to be the Equity Valuation Date in respect of the Affected Security, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (II) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Reference Price of the Affected Security as its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Security as at the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
an Underlying Security, then: 
(A) 
if “Omission” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, such Averaging Date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for purposes of determining the relevant 
Reference Price. If no Averaging Date would occur through the operation of this 
provision, then, for the purposes of determining the Reference Price on the final 
Averaging Date, Condition 7(c)(i) will apply as if such Averaging Date were an Equity 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, such Averaging Date shall 
be deferred in accordance with Condition 7(c)(i) as if it were an Equity Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date for the Equity Linked Notes; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then: 
(x) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Security, the Averaging Date in respect of that Underlying Security 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date if the first succeeding Valid Date has 
not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or 
such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging 
Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date, then (i) the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
148 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
in respect of that Underlying Security (irrespective of whether such day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Reference Price of one such Underlying Security as its good faith estimate of 
the value for the Underlying Security as at the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(y) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Underlying Securities, the Averaging Date in respect of each Underlying 
Security not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Averaging Date in respect of each Affected 
Security shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in respect of the Affected 
Security. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to an Affected Security 
has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date, then (i) the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date in respect of the Affected Security (irrespective of whether such day is 
already an Averaging Date, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Reference Price of the Affected Security as its good faith estimate of the value 
for the Affected Security as at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
(d) 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If Potential Adjustment Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine (as soon as practicable thereafter) whether such 
Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Underlying Security and, if so, the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of these 
Conditions (including, without limitation, to the Final Redemption Amount and/or Underlying 
Securities Amount) or the relevant Final Terms in relation to the Notes to account for the diluting or 
concentrative effect of such event or otherwise necessary to preserve the economic equivalent of 
the rights of the Noteholders under the Notes immediately prior to such event, such adjustment to 
be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that no adjustments will 
be made to account solely for changes in volatility, except dividend, stock loan rate or liquidity). 
In determining whether an adjustment should be made as a result of the occurrence of a Potential 
Adjustment Event, if options contracts or futures contracts on the Underlying Securities are traded 
on any stock exchange, the Calculation Agent may have regard to, but shall not be bound by, any 
adjustment to the terms of the relevant options contract or futures contract made and announced 
by such stock exchange. Any adjustments made in accordance with this Condition 7(d) shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
(e) 
Consequences of a Merger Event or Tender Offer 
If a Merger Event or Tender Offer, as the case may be, is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, and a Merger Event or Tender Offer occurs, then on, or after the relevant Merger Date 
or Tender Offer Date, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent shall:

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
149 
(i) 
(A) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Notes, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect 
on the Notes of such Merger Event or Tender Offer, as the case may be, (provided that no 
adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, excepted dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Underlying Securities or to the Notes), which may, 
but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such 
Merger Event or Tender Offer, as the case may be, by an options exchange to options on 
the relevant Underlying Securities traded on such options exchange, and (B) determine the 
effective date of any adjustment; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under sub-
paragraph (i) will produce a commercially reasonable result, then the Issuer shall redeem the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount as at the Merger Date or the Tender Offer Date, as 
the case may be, in accordance with Condition 7(i). 
Any adjustment made in accordance with this Condition 7(e) shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
(f) 
Consequences of a Nationalisation, Delisting or Insolvency 
If Nationalisation, Delisting or Insolvency are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
then, if a Nationalisation, Delisting or Insolvency event occurs, as the case may be, the Issuer, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, may: 
(i) 
(A) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment to any one or more of the Final Redemption Amount and/or the 
Underlying Securities Amount and/or any other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms to account for the Nationalisation, Delisting or Insolvency event, as 
the case may be, and (B) determine the effective date of any adjustment. In determining 
whether an adjustment should be made as a result of the occurrence of a Nationalisation, 
Delisting or Insolvency, as the case may be, if options contracts or futures contracts on the 
Underlying Securities are traded on any stock exchange, the Calculation Agent may have 
regard to, but shall not be bound by, any adjustment to the terms of the relevant options 
contract or futures contract made and announced by such stock exchange. Any adjustment 
made in accordance with this Condition 7(f) shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(i). 
(g) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then, if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
(A) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment to any one or more of the Final Redemption Amount and/or the 
Underlying Securities Amount and/or any other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event, and (B) determine 
the effective date of any adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 6(h). 
Any adjustment made in accordance with this Condition 7(g) shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17.

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
150 
(h) 
Adjustments for Equity Linked Redemption Notes in respect of Underlying Securities 
quoted in European Currencies 
In respect of Equity Linked Redemption Notes relating to Underlying Securities originally quoted, 
listed and/or dealt as of the Issue Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that 
has not adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty, if such Underlying Securities are 
at any time after the Issue Date quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in Euro on the relevant 
Exchange or, where no Exchange is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the principal market on 
which those Underlying Securities are traded, then the Calculation Agent will adjust any one or more 
of the Final Redemption Amount and/or the Underlying Securities Amount and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms as the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion to be appropriate to preserve the economic terms of 
the Notes. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes of any such 
adjustment as of the Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined 
by the Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this Condition 
7(h) will affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising out of the Notes. 
(i) 
Redemption of Equity Linked Notes following Nationalisation, Delisting, Insolvency, 
Merger Event or Tender Offer 
If Nationalisation, Delisting, Insolvency, Merger Event or Tender Offer is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that any such event has occurred, 
the Issuer may, having given: 
(A) 
not less than five days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms); and 
(B) 
not less than seven days before the giving of the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (A) 
above (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), notice 
to the Fiscal Agent, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding on the date specified in the notice 
referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms together with, if so specified in the Final Terms, interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
8 
Provisions Applicable to Index Linked Notes 
Index Linked Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The following provisions apply to Index Linked 
Notes: 
(a) 
Definitions 
As used in relation to Index Linked Notes: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or any other Additional Disruption Event, in each case, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Affected Index” means, in respect of Index Linked Notes that relate to a Basket of Indices, an 
Index for which a Valuation Date is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day. 
“Affected Underlying Securities” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(g)(iii). 
“Basket” means a basket comprised of each Index specified in the Final Terms in the relative 
weighting specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
151 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date of any Notes (i) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due 
to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
security/commodity comprised in an Index relating to its hedge position in respect of such Notes, or 
(B) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to such 
Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Disrupted Day” means (i) in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (A) the 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (B) any Related Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session or (C) a Market Disruption Event has occurred 
and (ii) in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the 
Index. 
“Early Closure” means (i) in respect of an Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange” means in respect of any securities comprised in an Index, each exchange or quotation 
system, (from time to time) on which, in the determination of the Index Sponsor for the purposes of 
that Index, such securities are listed, such other stock exchange or quotation system specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or notified from time to time to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
17 and (in any such case) any successor to such exchanges or quotation systems or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities/commodities comprising such Index 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the securities/commodities comprising such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means in respect of an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) the 
ability of market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, in 
the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, any security comprised in the Index on any relevant Exchange 
or, in the case of any other Index, securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
Index on any relevant Exchange or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Hedging Disruption” means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the Index or other price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
152 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge Index or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
“Index” or “Indices” means, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 8, the Index or 
Indices specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Index Cancellation” means, in respect of an Index, that, on or prior to any Valuation Date, a 
relevant Index Sponsor cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists. 
“Index Disruption” means, in respect of an Index, that, on any Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor 
fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index. 
“Index Modification” means, in respect of an Index, that, on or prior to any Valuation Date, a 
relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain the Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation and other 
routine events). 
“Index Sponsor” means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Index Valuation Date(s)” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or if that day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in the opinion of the Calculation Agent. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Index Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 8(c)(i). 
“Market Disruption Event” means in respect of an Index, the occurrence or existence on any 
Scheduled Trading Day of a Trading Disruption or an Exchange Disruption which the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion is material at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the Valuation Time or an Early Closure, provided that, in the case of a Multi-
Exchange Index, the securities comprised in the Index in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists amount, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, in aggregate to 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index. For the purpose of 
determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time in respect of a security/commodity 
included in the relevant Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
security/commodity to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (A) the portion of the 
level of the relevant Index attributable to that security/commodity relative to (B) the overall level of 
the relevant Index, in each case, immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Multi-Exchange Index” means an Index in respect of which there is more than one Exchange. 
“Reference Level” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single Index, an 
amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified Currency) equal to the 
official closing level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent (or, if a Valuation

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
153 
Time other than the Scheduled Closing Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on the 
Valuation Date (as defined below) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, without regard 
to any subsequently published correction; and 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket of Indices, an 
amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified Currency) equal to the sum 
of the values calculated for each Index as the official closing level of each Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or, if a Valuation Time other than the Scheduled 
Closing Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the level of each Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on the Valuation Date and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, without regard to any subsequently published correction. 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or notified from time to time to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17), if any, on which the Index, is traded or quoted, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or 
options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Related Exchange) and as may be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent, provided 
that, where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange and Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
the hours of the regular trading session. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means (i) in respect of an Index (other than a Multi-Exchange Index), 
any day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for 
their respective trading sessions, and (ii) in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which 
the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index and each Related Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its respective trading session. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
“Successor Index” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d). 
“Successor Index Sponsor” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d). 
“Trading Disruption” means in respect of an Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (A) on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index) any 
security comprised in the Index or (in the case of any other Index) securities that compromise 20 
per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (B) in futures or options contracts relating to 
the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur.

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
154 
“Valuation Date” means each Index Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, as applicable. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time 
is specified in respect of an Index, the time with reference to which the Index Sponsor calculates 
the closing level of the Index or such other time as the Calculation Agent may select and as notified 
to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(b) 
Correction of an Index 
If Correction of an Index is specified as applying in the relevant Final Terms and the official closing 
level of an Index published on the Valuation Date is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
“Corrected Index Level”) is published by the Index Sponsor of (if applicable) the Successor Index 
Sponsor prior to the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, then such 
Corrected Index Level shall be deemed to be the closing level of such Index for the Valuation Date 
and the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of (i) that correction and (ii) 
the amount of principal and/or interest (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction and as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Issuer shall make payment of such amount in 
accordance with Condition 10. 
(c) 
Disrupted Days 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
an Index, then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single Index, 
the Index Valuation Date for such Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for such Index, unless each of the eight 
Scheduled Trading Days (or such other number of Scheduled Trading Days as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (I) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
(or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
shall be deemed to be the Index Valuation Date in respect of that Index, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (II) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Reference Level of the Affected Index as at the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time 
on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of each security/commodity comprised in the 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other 
Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security/commodity as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(B) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Indices, the Index Valuation Date in respect of each Index not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Index 
Valuation Date in respect of each Affected Index shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Index

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
155 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days (or such other number of Scheduled 
Trading Days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Index. In 
that case, (I) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Index 
Valuation Date in respect of the Affected Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is a Disrupted Day, and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Level 
of the Affected Index as at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
(or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Affected Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or 
quoted level as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such 
other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of each 
security/commodity comprised in the Affected Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security/commodity on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security/commodity as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms)). 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
an Index, then: 
(A) 
if “Omission” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, such Averaging Date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for purposes of determining the relevant 
Reference Level. If no Averaging Date would occur through the operation of this 
provision, then, for the purposes of determining the Reference Level on the final 
Averaging Date, Condition 8(c)(ii) will apply as if such Averaging Date were an Index 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then such Averaging Date 
shall be deferred in accordance with Condition 8(c)(i) as if it were an Index Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is 
deemed to be an Averaging Date for the Index Linked Notes; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(x) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single 
Index, the Averaging Date in respect of that Index shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the 
Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled 
Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging 
Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of 
the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date, then (i) the eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date in respect of that Index 
(irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Level of the Affected Index as 
at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other 
Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
156 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) of each security/commodity comprised in the Index (or, if 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other 
Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security/commodity as of the 
Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled 
Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms)); or 
(y) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Indices, the Averaging Date in respect of each Index not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the 
Averaging Date in respect of each Affected Index shall be the first Valid Date 
in respect of the Affected Index unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days (or such other number of Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Index. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date in relation to an Affected Index has not occurred as of the Valuation Time 
on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, then (1) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such 
other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date in respect of the Affected Index 
(irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (2) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Level of the Affected Index as 
at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other 
Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Affected Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) of each security/commodity comprised in 
the Affected Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security/commodity as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms)). 
(d) 
Adjustments for Successor Index Sponsors and Successor Indices 
If the Index or one of the Indices is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor to the Index Sponsor (the “Successor Index Sponsor”) 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of the relevant Index or (iii) not in existence on or prior to the Valuation 
Date, but the Calculation Agent considers there to be in existence at such time an alternative index 
which, if substituted for the relevant Index, would materially preserve the economic equivalent of

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
157 
the rights of the Noteholders under the Notes immediately prior to such substitution, then the 
relevant successor Index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index so calculated 
and published by the Successor Index Sponsor or that successor or the alternative index, as the 
case may be. 
(e) 
Consequences of Index Modification, Index Cancellation and Index Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that an Index Modification, 
Index Cancellation or Index Disruption Event has occurred, then the Issuer may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Modification, Index Cancellation or 
Index Disruption Event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, the Rate of Interest, the 
Final Redemption Amount and/or any other relevant terms, using, in lieu of a published level 
of the relevant Index, the level of the relevant Index as at the relevant Valuation Time at the 
relevant Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the relevant Index last in effect prior to that change or 
failure, but using only those securities/commodities that comprised the relevant Index 
immediately prior to that change or failure (other than those securities that have since ceased 
to be listed on the relevant stock exchange); or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 8(g). 
(f) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then, if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
(A) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment to any one or more of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event, and (B) determine the effective date of any adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 6(h). 
Any adjustment made in accordance with this Condition 8(f) shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
(g) 
Redemption of Index Linked Notes following an Index Modification, Index Cancellation 
or Index Disruption Event 
If an Index Modification, Index Cancellation or Index Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount together with, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
Any determination made that the Notes are to be redeemed in accordance with this Condition 8(g) 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17, together with the date of such 
redemption. 
9 
Provisions Applicable to FX Linked Notes 
FX Linked Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The following provisions apply to FX Linked Notes: 
(a) 
Definitions 
As used in relation to FX Linked Notes:

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
158 
“Additional Disruption Events” means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or any other Additional Disruption Event, in each case, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Base Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Basket” means a basket comprised of each FX Rate specified in the Final Terms in the relative 
proportion/number specified in the Final Terms. 
“Calculation Agent FX Determination” means, in respect of any relevant day, that the FX Rate for 
such relevant day (or a method for determining the FX Rate) will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent taking into consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date of any Notes (i) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due 
to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant currency relating 
to its hedge position in respect of such Notes, or (B) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations in relation to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Currency-Reference Dealers” means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent 
will request each of the FX Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of its rate at which it will buy 
one unit of the Base Currency in units of the Reference Currency at the applicable Valuation Time 
on such relevant day. If, for any such rate, at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate 
will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided for any such 
rate, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the relevant rates quoted by major banks in the 
relevant market, selected by the Calculation Agent at or around the applicable Valuation Time on 
such relevant day. 
“Disrupted Day” means in respect of an FX Rate, the occurrence or existence, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, of any Price Source Disruption and/or Inconvertibility Event and/or any other 
event specified as an FX Disruption Event in the Final Terms. 
“Disruption Fallback” means Calculation Agent FX Determination, Currency-Reference Dealers or 
Fallback Reference Price, in the order specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fallback Reference Price” means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will 
determine the FX Rate on such relevant day on the basis of the exchange rate for one unit of the 
Base Currency in terms of the Reference Currency for such FX Rate, published by available 
recognised financial information vendors (as selected by the Calculation Agent) other than the 
applicable FX Price Source, at or around the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant day. 
“Fallback Valuation Date” means, the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if 
no date is specified for the Fallback Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms, then the Fallback 
Valuation Date for any date on which the FX Rate is required to be determined shall be the second 
Business Day prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may 
have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the FX Rate on such day. 
“FX Averaging Reference Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each Initial FX Averaging Date 
or Averaging Date, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention.

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
159 
“FX Business Day” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the practice of the foreign exchange market) in (i) the principal financial centre of 
the Reference Currency and (ii) the FX Financial Centres. 
“FX Business Day Convention” means the convention for adjusting any FX Reference Date or 
other relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not an FX Business Day. If the relevant 
Final Terms specify, in respect of such FX Reference Date or other date, that: 
(i) 
“Following” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX Scheduled 
Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX Business 
Day, the FX Reference Date or other date will be the first following day that is an FX Business 
Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX 
Scheduled Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX 
Business Day, the Reference Date or other date will be the first following day that is an FX 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case, that date will 
be the first preceding day that is an FX Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Nearest” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX Scheduled 
Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX Business 
Day, the FX Reference Date or other date will be (A) the first preceding day that is an FX 
Business Day if such date falls on a day other than a Sunday or Monday and (B) the first 
following day that is an FX Business Day if such date otherwise falls on a Sunday or Monday; 
(iv) 
“Preceding” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX Scheduled 
Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX Business 
Day, the FX Reference Date or other date will be the first preceding day that is an FX 
Business Day; or 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX 
Scheduled Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX 
Business Day, the FX Reference Date or other date will nonetheless be such FX Scheduled 
Reference Date or other scheduled date. 
If the relevant Final Terms do not specify an applicable FX Business Day Convention, then it shall 
be deemed that “Following” shall apply. 
“FX Financial Centres” means, in respect of each FX Rate, the financial centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Interest Valuation Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or 
otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in 
accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
“FX Price Source” means, in respect of an FX Rate, the price source(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms for such FX Rate or, if the relevant rate is not published or announced by such FX Price 
Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price source or page/publication for the 
relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“FX Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day, the exchange rate of one currency for another 
currency expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) 
per unit of the Base Currency (and, if the relevant Final Terms specify a Number of FX Settlement 
Days, for settlement in the Number of FX Settlement Days reported and/or calculated and/or 
published by the FX Rate Sponsor), which appears on the FX Price Source at approximately the

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
160 
applicable Valuation Time on such day, or such other rate specified or otherwise determined as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Rate Sponsor” means, in respect of an FX Rate, the entity specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“FX Reference Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each Initial FX Averaging Date, Initial FX 
Valuation Date, FX Interest Valuation Date or Averaging Date, subject to any adjustment in 
accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
“FX Reference Dealers” means, in respect of each FX Rate, four leading dealers in the relevant 
foreign exchange market, as determined by the Calculation Agent or otherwise specified or 
determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Scheduled Reference Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate and any FX Reference Date, 
any original date that, but for such day not being an FX Business Day for such FX Rate, would have 
been such FX Reference Date. 
“FX Valuation Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or otherwise 
determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in accordance with 
the FX Business Day Convention. 
“Hedging Disruption” means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the FX Rate or other price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the FX Rate or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
“Inconvertibility Event” means, in respect of an FX Rate, the occurrence of an event which affects 
the convertibility of the relevant Reference Currency into the Base Currency. 
“Initial FX Averaging Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or 
otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in 
accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
“Initial FX Valuation Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or 
otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in 
accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
“Number of FX Settlement Days” means such number or amount as is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Price Source Disruption” means it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain the 
FX Rate on the FX Reference Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that FX Reference 
Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant FX Price Source). 
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
161 
“Valuation Date” means each FX Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, as applicable. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time 
is specified in respect of an FX Rate, the time with reference to which the FX Rate Sponsor 
calculates the closing rate of such FX Rate or such other time as the Calculation Agent may select 
and as notified to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. If the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time 
for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(b) 
Disrupted Days 
(i) 
Single FX Rate and FX Reference Dates 
Where the FX Linked Notes relate to a single FX Rate, and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that any FX Reference Date in respect of such FX Rate is a Disrupted Day, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate on such FX Reference Date in accordance 
with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms). 
(ii) 
FX Rate Basket and FX Reference Dates 
Where the FX Linked Notes relate to a basket of FX Rates, and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that any FX Reference Date in respect of one or more of such FX Rates is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such FX Reference 
Date is not a Disrupted Day, the FX Rate will be determined on such FX Reference 
Date from the relevant FX Price Source; and 
(B) 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such FX Reference 
Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate on such 
FX Reference Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied 
in accordance with its terms). 
(iii) 
FX Averaging Reference Dates 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that “FX Averaging Reference Dates — Omission” is 
applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that any FX Averaging Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then such FX Averaging Reference Date will be deemed not to be a relevant 
FX Averaging Reference Date for the purposes of determining any amount payable under 
the FX Linked Notes or making any other determination thereunder, provided that, if through 
the operation of this provision there would not be any FX Averaging Reference Dates, then 
the final FX Averaging Reference Date will be deemed to be the sole FX Averaging 
Reference Date, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate on such sole FX 
Averaging Reference Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback 
(applied in accordance with its terms). 
(c) 
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of this Condition 9, if Fallback Valuation Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to be applicable to any FX Reference Date or any other relevant date (any 
such date being, for the purposes of this Condition 9(c), an “FX Relevant Date”) for an FX Rate, 
and if, following adjustment of such FX Relevant Date on account of the FX Scheduled Reference 
Date not being an FX Business Day (for the purposes of this Condition 9(c), an “Affected FX Rate”) 
the FX Relevant Date would otherwise fall after the specified Fallback Valuation Date in respect of 
such Affected FX Rate, then such Fallback Valuation Date shall be deemed to be such FX Relevant 
Date for such Affected FX Rate.

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
162 
If such Fallback Valuation Date is not an FX Business Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Affected FX Rate, as the case may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for such Affected FX Rate on such Fallback Valuation Date. 
(d) 
Corrections to published and displayed rates 
(i) 
In any case where an FX Rate is based on information obtained from the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any other financial information service, the FX Rate will be subject 
to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently displayed by that source within one 
hour of the time when such rate is first displayed by such source, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to take into 
account such correction. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding Condition 9(d)(i) above, in any case where the FX Rate is based on 
information published or announced by any governmental authority in a relevant country, the 
FX Rate will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently published 
or announced by that source within five days of the relevant FX Reference Date, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to 
take into account such correction. 
(e) 
Successor Currency 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that “Successor Currency” is applicable in respect of an FX 
Rate, then: 
(i) 
each Reference Currency will be deemed to include any lawful successor currency to the 
Reference Currency (the “Successor Currency”); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that, on or after the Issue Date but on or before any 
relevant date under the FX Linked Notes on which an amount may be payable, a country has 
lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect on the 
Issue Date or any Successor Currency, as the case may be (the “Original Currency”), for a 
Successor Currency, then, for the purposes of calculating any amounts of the Original 
Currency or effecting settlement thereof, any Original Currency amounts will be converted to 
the Successor Currency by multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio of 
Successor Currency to Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated on the basis of the 
exchange rate set forth by the relevant country of the Original Currency for converting the 
Original Currency into the Successor Currency on the date on which the elimination, 
conversion, redenomination or exchange took place, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If there is more than one such date, the date closest to such relevant date will be selected 
(or such other date as may be selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion); and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (ii) above, the Calculation Agent may (to the extent permitted by 
the applicable law), in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner, select such other 
exchange rate or other basis for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the 
Successor Currency and, will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, 
if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any 
other terms in respect of the FX Linked Notes to account for such elimination, conversion, 
redenomination or exchange of the Reference Currency. 
(f) 
Rebasing of FX Linked Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that “Rebasing” is applicable, then, if, on or prior to any FX 
Reference Date or any other relevant date, the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain a value for an

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
163 
FX Rate (because the Reference Currency and/or Base Currency ceases to exist, or for any other 
reason other than a temporary disruption, as determined by the Calculation Agent), the Calculation 
Agent may rebase the FX Linked Notes against another foreign exchange rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be a comparable foreign exchange rate. If 
the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that there is not such a 
comparable foreign exchange rate, the Issuer may elect to redeem the FX Linked Notes by notice 
to Holders on the date specified in the notice at the Early Redemption Amount of each FX Linked 
Note. 
(g) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified in the relevant Final Terms, then, if an Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
(A) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment to the Final Redemption Amount or any other terms of the FX Linked 
Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event, and (B) determine the effective date of any adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the FX Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 
6(h). 
Any adjustment made in accordance with this Condition 9(g) shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
10 Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is 
presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 10(f)(vi)) or Coupons (save as specified in 
Condition 10(f)(vi)), as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, Japanese yen, Renminbi, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States, Australia and New Zealand by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States, 
Australia and New Zealand by a cheque payable in euro drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in euro, in a city in which banks have access 
to T2; 
(iii) 
in the case of Japanese yen, the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account 
with a bank in Japan (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(iv) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the 
Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of SIS Notes will be made irrespective of any present 
or future transfer restrictions and without regard to any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing 
agreement which may be applicable at the time of such payments in freely disposable Swiss francs 
without collection costs in Switzerland and without any restrictions and irrespective of nationality,

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
164 
domicile or residence of a holder of a Note or Coupon and without requiring any certification, affidavit 
or the fulfilment of any other formality. 
The receipt by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of 
the funds in Swiss francs in Zurich releases the Issuer from its obligations under the Notes and 
Coupons for the payment of interest and principal due on the respective payment dates to the extent 
of such payment. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 10(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes shall 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office 
of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) 
below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 10(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown 
on the Register at the close of business (A) on the 15th day before the due date for payment 
thereof or (B) in the case of Renminbi, on the fifth day before the due date for payment thereof 
(the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made: 
(A) 
in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a bank mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such 
Note at its address appearing in the Register, provided that no such cheque will be 
mailed to an address in Australia. Upon application by the holder to the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of 
interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency specified by 
the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case 
of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2 and, in the case of Japanese yen, 
the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account with a bank in Japan (in 
the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(B) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to the registered account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifth business day before the due date for 
payment. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to such Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable hereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
165 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange Agent and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and its respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange 
Agent and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the Exchange Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least two major European cities or in one major European city and in London, (v) an Exchange 
Agent, (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which 
the Notes may be listed and (vii) in respect of SIS Notes only, a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in Switzerland (and will at no time maintain a Paying Agent having a specified office outside 
Switzerland in relation to such SIS Notes). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in sub-paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes, Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Index 
Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes or FX Linked Notes), they should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 
years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 12). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
Inverse Floating Rate Note, CMS Linked Note, Range Accrual Note, Dual Currency Note, 
Index Linked Note, an Equity Linked Note or an FX Linked Note, unmatured Coupons relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon.

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
166 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 12). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
(i) 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
payment) until either: 
(A) 
the next following business day; or 
(B) 
the next following business day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date for payment (or for any interest or other sum in 
respect of such payment) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day. If, however, due to any reasonably unforeseen circumstances, any such 
adjusted payment date proves not to be a business day, such that the payment date 
falls in the next calendar month, the holder shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such payment) until the next following business day. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify whether Condition 10(h)(i)(A) or 10(h)(i)(B) is 
applicable. If neither Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Condition 10(h)(i)(A) 
shall apply. 
(ii) 
In this Condition 10(h) and Condition 10(i) below, “business day” means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro or Renminbi) where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency (which in the

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
167 
case of Australian Dollars shall be Sydney and in the case of New Zealand Dollars 
shall be Wellington); or 
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settlement of payments in Renminbi in 
Hong Kong; or 
(C) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Payment of Alternative Currency Equivalent 
Where Alternative Currency Equivalent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
to a Series of Notes, and (following a written request from the Issuer) the Alternative Currency 
Adjudication Agent determines that, by reason of an Original Currency Unavailability Event, it would 
be impossible, or in the opinion of the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent, commercially 
impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to obtain a sufficient amount of the Original 
Currency in order to satisfy any payment obligation under the Notes in the Original Currency, the 
Issuer will be entitled to postpone payment by up to the Maximum Days of Postponement after the 
relevant payment date (or, if earlier, until the date on which the Original Currency Unavailability 
Event ceases to occur).  
If, following the expiry of the Maximum Days of Postponement, the Alternative Currency Adjudication 
Agent is of the opinion that the Original Currency Unavailability Event is continuing and as a result 
of which it is impossible, or in the opinion of the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent, 
commercially impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to obtain a sufficient amount of 
the Original Currency in order to satisfy the relevant payment obligation in the Original Currency, 
the Issuer shall make payment in the Alternative Currency as soon as is commercially reasonable 
thereafter. The applicable exchange rate will be determined by the Alternative Currency Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
No additional interest or other sum is payable in respect of any postponement pursuant to this 
Condition 10(i) and any payment made by the Issuer under such circumstances in the Alternative 
Currency shall constitute valid payment and shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 
13. 
Upon the occurrence of an Original Currency Unavailability Event and the Alternative Currency 
Adjudication Agent making a determination that, by reason of such Original Currency Unavailability 
Event, it would be impossible, or in the opinion of the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent, be 
commercially impracticable for the Issuer to satisfy its payment obligations in respect of the Notes 
when due in the Original Currency, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 stating the occurrence of the Original Currency Unavailability Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
In making a determination in respect of any Original Currency Unavailability Event, neither the Issuer 
nor the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent shall have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Noteholders (whatever their number), and, in particular, but 
without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such determination for individual 
Noteholders (whatever their number) resulting from them being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
any political sub-division thereof and no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer, the 
Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent or any other person any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequences of any such determination upon individual Noteholders.

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
168 
For the purposes of this Condition 10(i): 
“Alternative Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any 
lawful successor currency to that currency), or, if no Alternative Currency is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, U.S. Dollars; 
“Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent” means the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any lawful successor thereto); 
“Alternative Currency Calculation Agent” means the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any lawful successor thereto); 
“Maximum Days of Postponement” means the number of Business Days specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Original Currency” means the Specified Currency; and 
“Original Currency Unavailability Event” means, in respect of any payment obligation under the 
Notes, that the Original Currency is not available on the foreign exchange markets due to (i) the 
imposition of exchange controls, (ii) the Original Currency’s replacement or disuse or (iii) other 
circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control, in each case as a result of which it is impossible, or in 
the opinion of the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent, commercially impracticable for the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates to obtain a sufficient amount of the Original Currency in order to satisfy 
such payment obligation. 
11 Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within the Netherlands (in the case of Rabobank, Rabobank Australia Branch and 
Rabobank New Zealand Branch), Australia (in the case of Rabobank Australia Branch) and New Zealand 
(in the case of Rabobank New Zealand Branch), or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:  
(a) 
presented for payment in the country of incorporation of the Issuer (or, in the case of Rabobank 
Australia Branch, Australia, or, in the case of Rabobank New Zealand Branch, New Zealand) (each, 
as the case may be, a “Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction”); 
(b) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within such 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of, or partly by 
reason of, such holder having some connection with the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction of the Issuer 
other than by reason only of holding such Note, Receipt or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant 
payment in respect thereof; 
(c) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction 
or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party complies, with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that a third party makes a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the 
Certificate representing it), Receipt or Coupon is presented for payment;

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
169 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days; 
(e) 
if the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or Dealers in respect of any issue as set forth in the relevant 
Final Terms provide in the relevant Final Terms that the Notes are Domestic Notes for the purpose 
of this Condition 11;  
(f) 
if withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021); 
(g) 
in relation to Notes issued by Rabobank Australia Branch, if such Additional Amounts are payable 
by reason of the Noteholder: 
(i) 
being an associate of the Issuer for the purposes of section 128F(6) of the Income Tax 
Assessment Act 1936 of Australia; 
(ii) 
failing to provide its tax file number, Australian business number or proof of a relevant 
exemption prior to the relevant Record Date for that payment; or 
(iii) 
being a resident of Australia or a non-resident of Australia acting through a permanent 
establishment in Australia and holding bearer Notes other than through a clearing house; or 
(h) 
in relation to New Zealand resident withholding tax paid or payable in respect of Notes issued by 
Rabobank New Zealand Branch. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if 
earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note 
(or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these 
Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Automatic Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or 
any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any 
Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition 11. 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, register the Notes as “registered securities” for the 
purposes of Part 6B of the New Zealand Stamp and Cheque Duties Act 1971. Where the Issuer is lawfully 
able to pay an approved issuer levy in respect of a payment of interest to a relevant Noteholder in lieu of 
the deduction of New Zealand non-resident withholding tax, the Issuer will pay such approved issuer levy 
to the New Zealand Inland Revenue Department. No deduction or withholding on account of such approved 
issuer levy will be made from the interest payable to that Noteholder on account of that approved issuer 
levy. 
12 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within five years from the date on which such payment first becomes due.

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
170 
13 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note may, by 
written notice to the specified office of each of the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer, declare such Note to be 
forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable, unless such 
Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer: 
(a) 
default by the Issuer is made for more than 30 days in the payment of interest or principal in respect 
of any of the Notes; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and such failure 
continues for the period of 60 days next following the service on the Issuer of notice requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
the Issuer becomes bankrupt, an administrator is appointed, or an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or administration of the Issuer (except for the 
purposes of a reconstruction or merger the terms of which have previously been approved by a 
meeting of Noteholders); or 
(d) 
the Issuer compromises with its creditors generally or such measures are officially decreed; or 
(e) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business (except for the purposes 
of a reconstruction or merger the terms of which have previously been approved by a meeting of 
the Noteholders). 
14 Meeting of Noteholders, modifications and substitutions 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of any of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date 
for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount 
of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce 
the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the 
Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to 
reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or any adjournment of such meeting or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, 
in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
171 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding 
on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed) and on all Couponholders.  
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened as a physical meeting, hybrid meeting or a 
virtual meeting pursuant to the provisions in the Agency Agreement. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
Noteholders of not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a global Note or a global Certificate and any such global 
Note is held on behalf of, or any global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee for, a 
clearing system, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution proposed by the 
Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
in accordance with the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the 
Conditions pursuant to Condition 5(t) or Condition 5(u) to vary the method or basis of calculating 
the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of 
the Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to 
be made in the circumstances described in Condition 5(t), where the Issuer has delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 5(t)(v) or Condition 5(u). 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Exempt Notes, 
prior to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series, by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not 
reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The Agency Agreement and the Conditions may be amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Registrar or any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Exchange Agent, 
Calculation Agent or holder, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent may mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the 
interests of the holders. 
(c) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(i) 
The Issuer or any previous substitute of the Issuer under this Condition 14 may, and the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer or 
any previous substitute of the Issuer under this Condition 14 may, at any time, be substituted 
by any company (incorporated in any country in the world) controlling, controlled by or under 
common control with Rabobank as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes or to undertake 
its obligations in respect of the Notes through any of its branches (any such company or 
branch, the “Substituted Debtor”), provided that:

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
172 
(A) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted 
Debtor is not the Issuer) the Issuer or any previous substitute as aforesaid as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and 
(without limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted 
Debtor shall undertake in favour of each Noteholder to be bound by these Conditions 
and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had 
been named in the Notes and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect 
of the Notes in place of the Issuer or any previous substitute as aforesaid; 
(B) 
without prejudice to the generality of sub-paragraph (A) above, where the Substituted 
Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a territory other 
than the Netherlands (where the Issuer is Rabobank acting through its head office) or 
Australia (where the Issuer is Rabobank Australia Branch) or New Zealand (where the 
Issuer is Rabobank New Zealand Branch), or is undertaking its obligations with 
respect to the Notes through a branch in another such territory, the Documents shall 
contain a covenant and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that 
each Noteholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the 
provisions of Condition 11 above with the substitution for the references to the 
Netherlands, Australia or New Zealand as appropriate (or any previously substituted 
territory as the case may be) with territories in which the Substituted Debtor is 
incorporated, domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes or, where such Issuer is 
undertaking its obligations with respect to the Notes through a branch, with the 
addition of references to the territory in which such branch is located; 
(C) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation (I) that the Substituted 
Debtor and the Issuer (or any previous substitute as aforesaid) have obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution 
and (if the Substituted Debtor is not Rabobank) for the giving by Rabobank of the 
Substitution Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of the obligations of the 
Substituted Debtor, that the Substituted Debtor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the 
Substituted Debtor of its obligations under the Documents and that all such approvals 
and consents are in full force and effect and (II) that the obligations assumed by the 
Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not Rabobank) the Substitution 
Guarantee (as defined below) given by Rabobank are each valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder and that, 
in the case of the Issuer undertaking its obligations with respect to the Notes through 
a branch, the Notes remain the valid and binding obligations of such Issuer; and 
(D) 
Condition 13 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an Event of 
Default under the said Condition if the Substitution Guarantee (as defined below) shall 
cease to be valid or binding on or enforceable against Rabobank. 
and (if the Substituted Debtor is not Rabobank) upon the Documents becoming valid and 
binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, Rabobank hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Noteholder the payment of all sums payable by 
the Substituted Debtor as such principal debtor (such guarantee of Rabobank herein referred 
to as the “Substitution Guarantee” and being substantially in the form of the Guarantee 
contained in Schedule 9 of the Agency Agreement, which shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
issues of Notes by the Substituted Debtor). 
(ii) 
Upon the Documents becoming valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor and 
(if the Substituted Debtor is not the Issuer) the Issuer and subject to notice having been given

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
173 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (iv) below, the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be 
named in the Notes and Coupons as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer as issuer (or 
of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Notes and Coupons shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the 
Documents together with the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (iv) below shall, in the case 
of the substitution of any other company as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer as 
issuer (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) from all of its obligations as principal debtor 
in respect of the Notes and Coupons. 
(iii) 
The Documents referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above shall be deposited with and held by 
the Fiscal Agent for so long as any Notes remain outstanding and for so long as any claim 
made against the Substituted Debtor or (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Issuer) the Issuer 
by any Noteholder and Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not 
have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and (if the 
Substituted Debtor is not the Issuer) the Issuer acknowledge the right of every Noteholder to 
the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes and Coupons or 
the Documents. 
(iv) 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
(v) 
For the purposes of this Condition 14, the term “control” means the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a 
company, whether by contract or through the ownership, directly or indirectly, of voting shares 
in such company which, in the aggregate, entitle the holder thereof to elect a majority of its 
directors, and includes any company in relationship to such first-mentioned company, and, 
for this purpose, “voting shares” means shares in the capital of a company having under 
ordinary circumstances the right to elect the directors thereof, and “controlling”, “controlled” 
and “under common control” shall be construed accordingly. 
15 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case, of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar 
(in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if 
the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to 
the Issuer on demand the amount payable by such Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as such Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16 Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes which have the same terms and conditions as the Notes (except for the Issue Price, 
the Issue Date, nominal amount, and the first Interest Payment Date) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly.

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
174 
17 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be published in accordance with the procedure set 
out in this Condition 17 for Bearer Notes and shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long 
as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily 
newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort), 
respectively. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English-language newspaper with general circulation in Europe and the United Kingdom. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
So long as any tranche of SIS Notes is listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of 
SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of the Notes will be validly given through the Issuing 
and Principal Swiss Paying Agent (a) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX 
Swiss Exchange (https://www.six-group.com/exchanges, where notices are currently published under 
https://www.six-group.com/exchanges/news/official_notices/search_en.html), 
or 
(b) 
otherwise 
in 
accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange, in lieu of publication in the manner provided in 
the previous paragraph. Any notices so given shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of such first publication. 
Couponholders and Receiptholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents 
of any notice given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 17. 
18 Acknowledgement of Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers  
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder or Couponholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 18, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or Coupons), by 
its acquisition of the Notes and/or Coupons, each Noteholder and Couponholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Dutch Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be 
bound by: (a) the effect of the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in, inter alia, any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: (i) the write down, reduction, cancellation or other application to absorb losses of all, 
or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes, subject to write-up by the Resolution 
Authority (such loss absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”); (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of 
the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into common equity Tier 1 instruments, shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”); and 
(iii) the amendment or alteration of the nature of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority, in each case all as prescribed by the resolution framework applicable to the Issuer. 
No repayment or payment of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and 
payable or be paid after any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of any Dutch 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent such Relevant Amounts

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
175 
have been written down, reduced, cancelled, otherwise applied to absorb losses, converted, amended or 
altered as a result of such exercise. 
No Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of default for any 
purpose and the relevant Noteholders and Couponholders will have no further claims in respect of any 
Relevant Amount so written down, reduced, cancelled, otherwise applied to absorb losses, converted, 
amended or altered as a result of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of the 
Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. Furthermore, any such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation may take place at the point of non-viability and independently of or in combination with a 
resolution action. 
Upon any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer (or the Resolution 
Authority) will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise. Failure to provide such notice will not have any impact on the 
effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, the Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise 
of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers or give Noteholders or Couponholders any rights as a result 
of such failure. 
19 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands (and, in the case of Rabobank with respect 
to Rule 144A Notes, the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in New York City, 
the Borough of Manhattan) are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any 
legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. These submissions are made for the benefit 
of each of the holders of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of 
any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Service of process 
Rabobank irrevocably appoints its New York branch at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York 
10167 as its agent in New York to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
Proceedings in New York. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to the relevant 
process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by Rabobank). If for any reason either 
process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in Utrecht or New York 
City, Rabobank irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately 
notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 17. Nothing shall affect the 
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, service of 
process upon Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands will also constitute 
service of process upon Rabobank Australia Branch or Rabobank New Zealand Branch, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
176 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED MREL NOTES AND THE NON-
PREFERRED SENIOR NOTES  
The following, other than the paragraphs in italics, is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject 
to completion and, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined herein) only, amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange 
for the Global Note(s) representing each Series or the AMTNs. The final terms, which shall specify whether 
this is a Senior Preferred MREL Note or a Non-Preferred Senior Note, are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Senior Preferred MREL Note or, as the case may be, this Non-
Preferred Senior Note (or on the Certificate relating to this Senior Preferred MREL Note or, as the case 
may be, this Non-Preferred Senior Note in the case of a Registered Note or an AMTN) which supplements 
these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) and, in the case of an Exempt Note, may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Senior Preferred MREL Note or, as 
the case may be, this Non-Preferred Senior Note. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions 
will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions 
to “Notes” are to the Senior Preferred MREL Notes or, as the case may be, the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
of one Series only, not to all Senior Preferred MREL Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The Notes (other than the AMTNs) are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency Agreement”) dated  
15 May 2023, between Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (“Rabobank” or the “Issuer”), Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a Covenant (as 
amended or supplemented at the Issue Date, the “Covenant”) dated 15 May 2023 executed by the Issuer 
and the fiscal agent in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer 
agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Principal Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”, and “Agent” shall 
mean any one of them. With respect to any Series of SIS Notes (as defined herein), the Issuer will appoint 
an issuing and principal paying agent and one or more paying agents having specified offices in 
Switzerland with respect to each Series (the “Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent” and the “Swiss 
Paying Agent(s)”, respectively) pursuant to a supplemental agency agreement. In connection therewith, 
references in these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Issuing and 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons 
(the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all 
of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
The AMTNs are issued in registered form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register (as defined herein) in evidence of which one or more AMTN Global Certificates (as 
defined herein) will be issued to the Holders registered in the Australian Register (and held on the Holders’ 
behalf by Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (ABN 48 078 279 277) (“Computershare”) as 
registrar (the “Australian Registrar”), which expression shall include any successor registrar). The 
AMTNs are issued pursuant to an Australian Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented at the date 
of issue of the AMTNs (the “Issue Date”), the “Australian Agency Agreement”) dated 15 May 2023, 
between the Issuer, Computershare as Australian Registrar, fiscal agent and calculation agent (the 
“Australian Fiscal Agent” and the “Australian Calculation Agent”), and AMTNs will be issued with the 
benefit of the Covenant. In relation to AMTNs (and save as otherwise provided therein), a reference in

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
177 
these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Australian Fiscal Agent, a reference to the Calculation Agent shall be deemed a reference to the Australian 
Calculation Agent, and a reference to the Registrar or Register shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Australian Registrar or Australian Register (as applicable). The Holders of AMTNs, are deemed to have 
notice of all of the provisions of the Australian Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Covenant are available upon reasonable request during 
normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent. Copies of the Australian Agency Agreement are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Australian Registrar. As 
used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, first Interest Payment Dates, nominal amounts and/or Issue 
Prices. 
1 
Definitions 
(a) 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below. In addition, further defined terms are set out within the relevant 
Condition in which such terms are used. 
“Additional Amounts” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
“Administrative Action” means any judicial decision, official administrative pronouncement, 
published or private ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or announcement (including any notice or 
announcement of intent to adopt such procedures or regulations) affecting taxation.  
“Alignment Event” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Notes which are Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes if as a result of any amendment to the Applicable MREL Regulations, the requisite 
features for Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations are different in any respect from the terms 
and conditions of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
“AMTN” means a Note denominated in Australian dollars and issued pursuant to the Australian 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with Condition 2. 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL 
Requirement then in effect in the Netherlands and applicable to the Issuer (whether on an individual 
or consolidated basis) including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated 
or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
the MREL Requirement adopted by the Relevant Regulator (whether such regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer). 
“Austraclear” means Austraclear Limited (ABN 94 002 060 773) as operator of the Austraclear 
System, or its successor. 
“Austraclear Regulations” means the Operating Rules of Austraclear from time to time including 
the Austraclear Procedures, Determinations and Practice Notes (in each case as such terms are 
defined in the Austraclear Regulations). 
“Austraclear System” means the system operated by Austraclear in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations.

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
178 
“Australian Calculation Agent” means Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (ABN 48 078 
279 277) as calculation agent (or such other Australian Calculation Agent(s) as may be appointed 
under the Australian Agency Agreement from time to time either generally or in relation to a specific 
issue or Series of Notes); 
“Australian Corporations Act” means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of the Commonwealth of 
Australia. 
“Australian dollar”, “AUD” or “A$” means the Australian dollar, the currency of the Commonwealth 
of Australia. 
“Australian Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.  
“Authorised Signatories” means any two of the members of the Managing Board. 
“BBSW” has the meaning given to “AUD-BBSW” in the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time). 
“Bearer Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Broken Amount” means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2019/879) 
and, as the context permits, any provision of Dutch law, including the Dutch Financial Markets 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) transposing or implementing such Directive. 
“Business Centre(s)” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the financial centres specified in the Final Terms; and 
(B) 
any of (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(if other than any financial centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Wellington, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in Hong Kong are open for business and settlement of 
payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong.  
“Calculation Agent” means (i) in respect of Notes other than AMTNs, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch; (ii) in respect of AMTNs, Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (ABN 48 078 279 
277) (the “Australian Calculation Agent”); or (iii) if different, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Any references to a Calculation Agent in respect of AMTNs shall be deemed to refer to the 
Australian Calculation Agent. 
“Calculation Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Certificates” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2.

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
179 
“Clearing System Business Day” means, in respect of a clearing system, any day on which such 
clearing system is open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019). 
“Dated Subordinated Notes” means notes issued under the Programme which are specified as 
being “Dated Subordinated” in the applicable final terms relating thereto. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of:  
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “NL/365” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period dividend by 365 (or, if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period, one 
day less than the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365); 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )]+ [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1 )
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
180 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case, D1 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
181 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year. 
(x) 
if “RBA Bond Basis” or “Australian Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
(a) 
if the Calculation Period constitutes an Interest Period, one divided by the number of 
Interest Payment Dates in a year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period does not constitute an Interest Period, the actual number of 
days of the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of:  
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365). 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Netherlands, relating 
to (i) the transposition into Dutch law of BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 48 thereof) as 
amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be 
reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended 
by the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union. 
“Exempt Notes” means unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any regulated 
market in the European Economic Area, where such Notes are, in addition, issued with a minimum 
denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or otherwise fall 
within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
182 
“Federal Reserve” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(a). 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(a). 
“Fixed Rate Reset Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is 
calculated by reference to Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(b)(iii). 
“Floating Rate Option” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
“FRBNY” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“Holder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Accrual Period forms part, provided that if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, the Fixed 
Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest CNY0.01 (CNY0.005 being rounded upwards); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, other than where the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH HIBOR, (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling, euro nor Renminbi, (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro or (iv) the day falling two Business Days in Hong Kong prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH 
HIBOR.

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
183 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date on which interest for the relevant period falls due, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if specified in the relevant Final Terms as “2006 ISDA Definitions”, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as 
amended or (ii) if specified in the relevant Final Terms as “2021 ISDA Definitions”, the latest version 
of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor 
Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions), each as at the 
Issue Date of the first tranche of Notes unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(iii)(A). 
“Issue Price” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Managing Board” means the managing board of the Issuer. 
“Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“MREL Compliant Notes” means securities that comply with the following (which compliance has 
been certified to the Fiscal Agent in a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
and delivered to the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant substitution or variation): 
(a) 
such securities are issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
such securities rank equally with the ranking of the Notes or, in the case of an Alignment 
Event, rank as Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations; 
(c) 
(without prejudice to (b) above) such securities have terms not materially less favourable to 
Noteholders than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with an independent adviser of recognised standing); 
(d) 
(without prejudice to (c) above) such securities (1) contain terms such that they comply with 
the then Applicable MREL Regulations in order to be eligible to qualify in full towards the 
Issuer’s MREL Eligible Liabilities; (2) bear the same rate of interest from time to time applying 
to the Notes and preserve the same interest payment dates; (3) do not contain terms 
providing for deferral of payments of interest and/or principal; (4) preserve the obligations 
(including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to redemption 
of the Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such 
redemption; (5) do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-
down or conversion to common equity tier 1 instruments (which excludes, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any contractual term recognising statutorily applicable write-down or conversion 
powers); and (6) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and unpaid interest and any 
other amounts payable under the Notes which has accrued to Noteholders and not been 
paid;

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
184 
(e) 
such securities are listed on the same stock exchange or market as the Notes or the regulated 
market of the London Stock Exchange or any EEA regulated market selected in good faith 
by the Issuer; and 
(f) 
where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating solicited by 
the Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution or 
variation, such securities benefit from (or will, as announced, or otherwise confirmed in 
writing, by each such relevant Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal or higher published 
rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the Notes. 
“MREL Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any amendment 
to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, which the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date and 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are 
or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) are likely to become excluded, in whole 
or in part, from the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s MREL Eligible Liabilities as determined in accordance 
with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification 
Event shall not occur where such exclusion of the Notes in whole or in part from the Issuer’s and/or 
the Group’s MREL Eligible Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer 
and/or the Group or (ii) any applicable limitation on the amount of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s 
MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the then Applicable 
MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on an individual or consolidated basis) under Applicable 
MREL Regulations. 
“MREL Requirement” means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or total loss-
absorbing capacity, in each case which is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer 
(whether on an individual or consolidated basis). 
“Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “Non-
Preferred Senior”. 
“Note” means a Bearer Note, a Registered Note or an AMTN, as applicable. 
“Noteholder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Programme” means the EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note Programme of the 
Issuer. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rating Agency” means any of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
or their respective affiliates or successors.  
“Record Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(ii) for Registered Notes and 
Condition 7(c)(ii) for AMTNs. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CNH HIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, Compounded 
Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index Rate, 
Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index Rate or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, 
such other rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
185 
“Register” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Registered Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of 
the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Resolution Authority. 
“Relevant Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
“Relevant Regulator” means the European Central Bank and/or the European Single Resolution 
Board and/or such successor or other authority having for the time being primary supervisory 
authority and/or responsibility with regards to prudential, conduct and/or resolution matters in 
respect of the Issuer, as may be relevant in the context and circumstances. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or such successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a service which may be used for the 
purposes of displaying an interest rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Relevant Threshold Percentage” means 25 per cent. or such other percentage as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Renminbi” means the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China. 
“Resolution Authority” means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having 
resolution authority with respect to the Rabobank Group. 
“Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service” means the money rates monitor of the Reuters service. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
by reference to Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B), 5(c)(iii)(D), 5(c)(iii)(E), 5(c)(iii)(F), 5(c)(iii)(G) and 5(c)(iii)(H). 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
“Senior Preferred MREL Notes” means Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
“Senior Preferred MREL”. 
“Senior Preferred Notes” means notes issued under the Programme which are specified as being 
“Senior Preferred” in the applicable final terms relating thereto. 
“SIS Notes” means any Series of Notes which is denominated in Swiss francs and is deposited with 
SIX SIS AG (or such other depository as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange. 
“SOFR Reference Rate” means Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate, Term SOFR or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other Reference 
Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms linked to or referencing the Secured Overnight Funding 
Rate. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Interest Payment Date” means a date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, being a date on which interest for the relevant period falls due.

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
186 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
“TARGET Business Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro. 
“Tax Law Change” means (i) any amendment to, or clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties 
(or any regulations promulgated thereunder) of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting taxation, (ii) any Administrative Action or (iii) any amendment 
to, clarification of, or change in the official position of such Administrative Action or any 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative Action that differs 
from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, 
governmental authority or regulatory body, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, 
clarification or change is made known, which amendment, clarification or change is effective, or 
which pronouncement or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of Notes in a Series. 
“Winding-Up” means, in respect of the Issuer, (i) its bankruptcy (faillissement) or (ii) its dissolution 
(ontbinding) as a result of its insolvency. 
(b) 
References to capitalised terms not defined in Condition 1(a) above are to those terms as defined 
in the first paragraph of the preamble to these Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
In these Conditions, reference to any provision of law or regulation shall be deemed to include 
reference to any successor provision in respect of such law or regulation. 
2 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes (other than the AMTNs) are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”), in each case, in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, a reference to Bearer Notes or Registered Notes does not include AMTNs. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, Fixed Rate Reset Note or a Floating Rate Note, depending 
upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be a combination of any of the foregoing or any 
other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and each Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto shall pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”), unless 
applicable law provides otherwise or provides for additional formalities for transfer of title. Insofar as 
applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered Notes, the 
registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or 
on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
187 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note or an AMTN is registered (as the case may be), and “Holder” (in relation to a 
Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note or an AMTN is registered (as the case may be). 
In the case of AMTNs, the following provisions shall prevail over the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 2 in the event of any inconsistency. 
The AMTNs are issued in registered form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register, in evidence of which one or more Certificates will be issued to the Holders in whose 
name the AMTNs are registered in the Australian Register. 
Each AMTN is a debt obligation of the Issuer each Certificate issued in respect of AMTNs shall 
represent the entire holding of AMTNs by the same Holder. No other certificate or evidence of title 
(including notes in definitive form) shall be issued by or on behalf of the Issuer to evidence title to an AMTN 
unless the Issuer determines that any such other certificate or evidence of title should be made available 
or that it is required to do so under any applicable law or regulation. Certificates issued in respect of AMTNs 
are evidence of entitlement only. 
Title to the AMTNs passes by registration of the transfer in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Australian Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Australian Agency 
Agreement (the “Australian Register”). Insofar as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a 
valid transfer of title to the AMTNs, the registration of the transfer by the Australian Registrar shall constitute 
evidence of this notification. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the Holder of any AMTN shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing 
on the Certificate representing it or the theft or loss of such AMTN Global Certificate and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the Holder. 
Upon a person acquiring title to an AMTN by virtue of becoming registered as the owner of that 
AMTN, all rights and entitlements arising in respect of that AMTN vest absolutely in the registered owner 
of the AMTN, so that no person who has previously been registered as the owner of the AMTN nor any 
other person has or is entitled to assert against the Issuer, the Australian Fiscal Agent, the Australian 
Calculation Agent or the Australian Registrar or the registered owner of the AMTN for the time being and 
from time to time any rights, benefits or entitlements in respect of the AMTN. 
Each inscription in the Australian Register in respect of an AMTN is: 
(i) 
sufficient and conclusive evidence to all persons and for all purposes that the person whose 
name is so inscribed is the registered owner of the AMTN; 
(ii) 
evidenced for the benefit of the relevant Holder by the Certificate; and 
(iii) 
evidence that the person whose name is so inscribed, as evidenced by the Certificate, is 
entitled to the benefit of an unconditional and irrevocable undertaking by the Issuer that the 
Issuer will make all payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Note in 
accordance with these Conditions. To the extent of any inconsistency between an inscription 
in the Australian Register and a Certificate, the inscription in the Australian Register shall 
prevail absent fraud or manifest error. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the making of, or the 
giving effect to, a manifest error in an inscription into the Australian Register will not avoid the constitution, 
issue or transfer of an AMTN. The Issuer will procure that the Australian Registrar must correct any 
manifest error of which it becomes aware and as soon as practicable record in/enter on the Australian 
Register any transfer of AMTNs notified to it.

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
188 
3 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or such other form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent), duly completed and executed, 
together with any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. Insofar 
as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered 
Notes, the registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor.  
(b) 
Additional provisions relating to the transfer of AMTNs 
(i) 
AMTNs may be transferred in whole but not in part. Unless lodged in the Austraclear System, 
AMTNs will be transferred by duly completed and (if applicable) stamped transfer and 
acceptance forms in the form specified by, and obtainable from, the Australian Registrar or 
by any other manner approved by the Issuer and the Australian Registrar. Each transfer and 
acceptance form must be signed by the transferor and transferee and be accompanied by 
such evidence (if any) as the Australian Registrar may require to prove the title of the 
transferor or the transferor’s right to transfer the AMTNs and that the form has been properly 
executed by both the transferor and transferee. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Australian Registrar may from time to time 
prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the schedules to the Australian Agency 
Agreement). 
(ii) 
AMTNs entered in the Austraclear System will be transferable only in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations. While an AMTN is lodged in the Austraclear System, neither the 
Issuer nor the Australian Registrar will recognise any such interest other than the interest of 
Austraclear as the Holder of the AMTN. 
(iii) 
The transferor of an AMTN remains the Holder of that AMTN until the name of the transferee 
is entered in the Australian Register in respect of that AMTN. 
(iv) 
A transfer of AMTNs to an unincorporated association is not possible and such purported 
transfer will be deemed invalid. This restriction is intended to have property law 
consequences (goederenrechtelijke werking). 
(v) 
A person becoming entitled to an AMTN as a consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a 
Holder or of a vesting order or a person administering the estate of a Holder may, upon 
producing such evidence as to that entitlement or status as the Australian Registrar considers 
sufficient, transfer the AMTN or, if so entitled, become registered as the Holder of the AMTN. 
(vi) 
Where the transferor executes a transfer of less than all AMTNs registered in its name, and 
the specific AMTNs to be transferred are not identified, the Australian Registrar may register 
the transfer in respect of such of the AMTNs registered in the name of the transferor as the 
Australian Registrar thinks fit, provided the aggregate principal amount of the AMTNs 
registered as having been transferred equals the aggregate principal amount of the AMTNs 
expressed to be transferred in the transfer.

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
189 
(vii) 
AMTNs may only be transferred if: 
(A) 
in the case of AMTNs to be transferred in, or into, Australia, the offer or invitation giving 
rise to the transfer: 
(i) 
is for a minimum amount payable of at least AUD 500,000 (or its equivalent in 
an alternative currency and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
Issuer or its associates to the subscriber) or the offer or invitation (including any 
resulting issue) does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Parts 
6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; and 
(ii) 
does not constitute an offer or invitation to a “retail client” as defined for the 
purposes of section 761G of the Australian Corporations Act; and 
(B) 
at all times, the transfer complies with all applicable laws and directives of the 
jurisdiction where the transfer takes place. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3(a) or Condition 3(b) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer shall have been made or, at 
the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the 
relevant form of transfer, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays 
in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement or, in respect of AMTNs, the 
Australian Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as 
it may specify. In this Condition 3(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration or transfer shall be effected without 
charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, but upon payment of any 
tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note or AMTN to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 
days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option 
pursuant to Condition 6, (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption, or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)(ii) for 
Registered Notes and as defined in Condition 7(c)(ii) for AMTNs). 
4 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
Status and ranking of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes  
This Condition 4(a) is applicable only in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Notes. 
The Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and such Notes or Coupons shall, at all times, rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves (save for certain mandatory exceptions provided by law). The

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
190 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for 
such exceptions as may be provided by applicable law, at all times, rank equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Preferred Notes of the Issuer), present and future, other than, 
in a bankruptcy (faillissement), Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations.  
The Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
(b) 
Status and ranking of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable only in relation to Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Notes and the Coupons relating to them qualify as, and comprise part of the class of, Statutory 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations and constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and such Notes and Coupons shall rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves (save for certain mandatory exceptions provided by law). The claims of Holders in 
respect of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons relating to them 
shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable law, rank:  
(i) 
in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to any unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Preferred MREL Notes 
and excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR); 
(ii) 
in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, pari passu with any other Statutory Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations; and  
(iii) 
in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, senior to any Junior Obligations.  
Accordingly, payments to the Holders or Couponholders will, in the event of the bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations have been satisfied in 
full.  
The Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
(c) 
No set-off or netting 
The Notes and Coupons are not eligible for any set-off or netting by any Holders or Couponholders 
and no Holder or Couponholder shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Notes or 
Coupons. To the extent that any Holder or Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of 
whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Holder or Couponholder is 
required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has 
been set off or netted (such a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can be derived from 
the Notes or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. 
Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the possibility of any set-
off or netting by a Holder or Couponholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
(d) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4, “Junior Obligations” means any present or future claims in respect of 
obligations of the Issuer which, in a Winding-Up, rank by or under their own terms or otherwise as 
subordinated to claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
(including Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations).

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
191 
Junior Obligations shall include claims in respect of any subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
including Dated Subordinated Notes.  
As used in this Condition 4, “Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations” means any present or 
future claims in respect of unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which, in a bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision or act implementing Directive 2017/2399 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 in the Netherlands) than the claims 
in respect of all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Senior Preferred MREL Notes of the Issuer). 
5 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, provided that if the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest 
Period may be greater or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
Except as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Broken Amount. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset 
Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
in the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, subject as provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 5. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
“Anniversary Date(s)” means each date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Corresponding Tenor” means three months or such other period specified in the Final Terms; 
“dealing day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which the London Stock Exchange 
(or such other stock exchange on which the Reference Bond is at the relevant time listed) is 
ordinarily open for the trading of securities; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms;

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
192 
“First Reset Period” means the period from and including the First Reset Date up to but excluding 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Final Terms, the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes (if any); 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and adjusted as necessary, on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset 
Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Quotations” means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is euro, for the annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in euro which (i) has a term 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate 
Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant swap 
market; and (iii) has a floating leg based on the six-month EURIBOR rate (calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis), unless as otherwise specified in the Final Terms. If the six-
month EURIBOR rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in Condition 5(i)), the six-month EURIBOR rate shall be calculated in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i); 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on an 
Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in 
Renminbi which (i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to 
that of the relevant Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 12-month CNH 
HIBOR rate (calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis), unless as otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms. If the 12-month CNH HIBOR rate cannot be obtained because 
of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the 12-month CNH 
HIBOR rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i); and 
(iii) 
if the Specified Currency is not euro or Renminbi, for the Fixed Leg (as set out in the Final 
Terms) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in that Specified Currency which 
(i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant 
Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
relevant swap market; and (iii) has a Floating Leg (as set out in the Final Terms). If a 
Floating Leg rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as 
defined in Condition 5(i)), the Floating Leg rate shall be calculated in accordance with the 
terms of Condition 5(i),  
in the case of Exempt Notes only, in each case, as modified, amended or supplemented in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, (i) the applicable semi-annual or annualised 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) mid swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency (with a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period specified in the Final Terms) 
as displayed on the Screen Page at the Reset Determination Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (which rate, if the relevant Interest Payment Dates are other than semi-annual 
or annual Interest Payment Dates, shall be adjusted by, and in the manner determined by, the 
Calculation Agent), (ii) if such rate is not displayed on the Screen Page at such time and date, the

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
193 
relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate or (iii) in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other rate as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, the bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if not so specified or to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms 
is no longer outstanding on the relevant Reset Determination Date, a government security or 
securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset 
Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as 
the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption yield (as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such 
time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, with the 
price of the Reference Bond for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered 
prices of such Reference Bond quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at the Reset Determination 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next 
following dealing day in London. If at least four quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate 
will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reference 
Bond Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bond Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion following consultation 
with the Issuer; 
“Reference Bond Rate Period” means the period or periods specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond Rate Screen Page” means the Bloomberg screen specified in the Final Terms, 
or such other screen page as may replace it on Bloomberg or, as the case may be, on such other 
information service that may replace Bloomberg, in each case, as may be nominated by the person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates, or, in respect of Exempt Notes only, such screen page as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Term SOFR Rate means the time 
determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Term SOFR Conventions; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY or any successor thereto; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each of the 
Anniversary Dates (if any) as is specified in the Final Terms; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such 
in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, 
the first Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is 
U.S. dollars, the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
194 
such Reset Period or (iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the 
principal financial centre for such Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period; 
"Reset Determination Time” means (i) if the Reset Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
Mid-Swap Rate, 11.00 a.m. (in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) or (ii) if the 
Reset Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Reference Bond Rate, 3.00 p.m. (London 
time), or, in each case, such other time as may be specified as the Reset Determination Time in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Rate” means (a) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate, (b) if Reference Bond Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Reference Bond Rate, 
(c) if Screen Page Reference Bond Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Screen Page 
Reference Bond Rate, (d) if Term SOFR Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Term 
SOFR Rate or (e) in respect of Exempt Notes only, such rate as is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-
Swap Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around the 
Reset Determination Time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which in the 
case of Renminbi shall, for these purposes, be Hong Kong) on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date and, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate, 
five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank market relating to the Specified Currency 
selected by the Issuer in its discretion or (ii) in the case of a Reference Bond Rate, five banks which 
are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues selected by the Issuer in its discretion; 
“Screen Page” means (i) Reuters screen page “ICESWAP1”, “ICESWAP2”, “ICESWAP3”, 
“ICESWAP4”, “ICESWAP5” or “ICESWAP6” or such other page on Thomson Reuters as is specified 
in the Final Terms or (ii) the Bloomberg screen page OTC SGD OIS under “BGN” appearing under 
the column headed “Ask”, or such other page on Bloomberg as is specified in the Final Terms, or 
such other screen page as may replace it on Thomson Reuters or Bloomberg or, as the case may 
be, on such other information service that may replace Thomson Reuters or Bloomberg, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or, in respect of Exempt Notes only, such screen 
page as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Screen Page Reference Bond Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, the generic bid yield for 
UK government bonds over the Reference Bond Rate Period, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date by reference to the Reference Bond Rate Screen 
Page or such successor, replacement or other screen page or section as may then display the 
relevant information at the relevant time; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms;

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
195 
"SORA" means a reference rate equal to the daily Singapore Overnight Rate Average provided by 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore (or a successor administrator), as the administrator of the 
benchmark, on the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s website currently at http://www.mas.gov.sg, 
or any successor website officially designated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (or as 
published by its authorised distributors); 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from and including the Second Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date, and each successive period from and including a Reset Date to but 
excluding the next succeeding Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate 
of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to 
such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Swap Rate Period” means the period or periods specified as such in the Final Terms;  
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based 
on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; 
“Term SOFR Administrator” means any entity designated by the Relevant Governmental Body as 
the administrator of Term SOFR (or any successor administrator); 
“Term SOFR Conventions” means any determination, decision, or election with respect to any 
technical, administrative, or operational matter (including with respect to the manner and timing of 
the publication of the Term SOFR Rate, or changes to the definition of “Reset Period”, timing and 
frequency of determining the Term SOFR Rate with respect to each Reset Period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the 
Calculation Agent determines may be appropriate to reflect the use of the Term SOFR Rate as the 
Reset Rate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if 
the Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for the use of the Term SOFR Rate exists, 
in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Term SOFR Rate” means in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation 
to such Reset Period, the rate for Term SOFR for a tenor of three months (or such other period 
specified in the Final Terms) that is published by the Term SOFR Administrator at the Reference 
Time for any Reset Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Term 
SOFR Conventions. All percentages used in or resulting from any calculation of any Term SOFR 
Rate will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 per cent. rounded up to 0.00001 per cent; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as Specified Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms, and for the purposes of Notes other than Fixed

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
196 
Rate Notes, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest Period may be greater 
or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate 
Determination or any other method of determination which may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall apply if specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus a Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(w) if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the first 
day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
197 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in 
relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method 
with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
198 
(7) 
the definition of “Fallback Observation Day” in the ISDA Definitions is 
deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: “Fallback 
Observation Day” means in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation 
Period (or any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) 
to which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day that is 
five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. 
(x) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(3) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(4) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; 
(y) 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions:  
(1) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-
Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary 
Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”; and  
(z) 
each of EUR-EURIBOR, EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters, EUR-EuroSTR, EUR-
EuroSTR Compounded Index, GBP-SONIA, GBP-SONIA Compounded Index, 
HKD-HONIA, JPY-TONA, USD-SOFR and USD-SOFR Compounded Index has 
the meaning given in the ISDA Definitions.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR or Compounded Index Rate 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, 
“Compounded Daily €STR”, “Compounded Daily SOFR”, “Weighted Average 
SOFR” or “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(i) and as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR,

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
199 
11.15 a.m. (Hong Kong time) or if, at or around that time it is notified that the 
fixing will be published at 2.30 p.m. (Hong Kong time), then as of 2.30 p.m. in 
the case of CNH HIBOR, 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) in the case of BBSW or 
10.45 a.m. (Auckland and Wellington time) in the case of BKBM, on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent plus or 
minus a Margin (if any). If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(w) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of sub-paragraph (v) and provided that such failure is not due to the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). If the Reference Rate cannot be 
determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
Condition 5(i)), the Reference Rate shall be calculated in accordance with the 
terms of Condition 5(i).  
(x) 
Alternative Reference Rates: With respect to Exempt Notes only, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, 
CNH HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the relevant Final Terms may specify that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined in accordance with 
such Reference Rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
(C) 
Bank Bill Rate Determination for AMTNs 
Where, in relation to an issue of AMTNs, Bank Bill Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the relevant 
Bank Bill Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), “Bank Bill Rate”, for an Interest Accrual 
Period, means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate administered by the 
ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) for a tenor closest to the Interest Accrual Period as displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page on the first day of that Interest Accrual Period as determined 
by the Australian Fiscal Agent. 
However, if the rate is not displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by 10.30 a.m. 
(Sydney time) on that day, or if it is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page but the 
Australian Fiscal Agent determines that there is an obvious error in that rate, Bank Bill 
Rate means the rate determined by the Australian Fiscal Agent in good faith at 
approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) on that day, having regard, to the extent

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
200 
possible, to the mid rate of the rates otherwise bid and offered for bank accepted bills 
of that tenor at or around that time. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i), be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any Observation Period, the number 
of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day;

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
201 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“p” means the whole number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less than five 
London Banking Days; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking 
Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking 
Day “i”; 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA reference rate determined in accordance with paragraph (1) 
above, except that in respect of each London Banking Day i falling on or 
after the “Lock-out date” specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no “Lock-out date” is specified, five London Banking Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day 
“i” falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for 
such day; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
(w) 
If, subject to Condition 5(i), in respect of any London Banking Day on which an 
applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be determined, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, the SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall 
be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads).

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
202 
(x) 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(w), if the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions 
from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance 
in order to determine the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the 
purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in 
order to determine Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall have no 
obligation to act until such amendments or modifications have been made in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Agency Agreement.  
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(y) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
€STR 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily €STR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i), be Compounded Daily €STR

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
203 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
the reference rate of the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷X 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting authority 
thereto; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni”, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Accrual Period, the whole number of TARGET Settlement 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, being no less than five TARGET Settlement Days; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro; 
“€STR Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as published by the ECB, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the ECB initially at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the ECB 
(the “ECB’s Website”) (in each case, on or before 11:00 a.m., Central European Time, 
on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day); and

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
204 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day “i”. 
(w) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR 
Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day 
for which such rate was published on the ECB’s Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in 
the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the ECB or another administrator) (the “ECB 
Recommended Rate”), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before 
the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were 
references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published 
on the ECB’s Website (the “EDFR”) on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the “EDFR Spread”). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring from and including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the EDFR on 
such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
(x) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period);

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
205 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(y) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(z) 
As used in these Conditions: 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
206 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), be Compounded Daily SOFR 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
207 
Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method) in the relevant Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to but excluding the date “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days); and 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, zero; 
“USBD” means U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”;  
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in 
respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling on or 
after the “Lock-out date” specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no “Lock-out date” is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in accordance 
with paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day i falling in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period, the SOFR for such day.  
Unless otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or unless the context 
otherwise requires, in these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have the 
following meanings: 
“New York City Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York City;

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
208 
“SOFR” means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY’s 
website at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Event have not 
occurred under Condition 5(j), then the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the FRBNY’s website for 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the FRBNY’s 
website; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
(G) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Weighted Average 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Weighted Average SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), be Weighted Average SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Weighted Average SOFR” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
arithmetic mean of “SOFRi” in effect during such Interest Accrual Period and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[
∑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d”, “d0”, “i” and “p” have the meanings set out under Condition 5(b)(iii)(F);  
“n” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day i falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
day;

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
209 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, during each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in 
respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling on or 
after the “Lock-out date” specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no “Lock-out date” is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each 
relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with 
paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i. 
(H) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing a Compounded Index 
Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i) (in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate) or Condition 5(j) (in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate), be the compounded daily reference rate for such 
Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the 
Relevant Decimal Place (the “Compounded Index Rate”), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Compounded IndexEnd” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); 
“Compounded IndexStart” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
“Index Days” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days;

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
210 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 365 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 
being rounded upwards);  
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and five in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily Secured Overnight 
Funding Rate, as published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the FRBNY (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the FRBNY, or any successor 
source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of 
SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
In the case of the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(j), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SOFR 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(F) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SOFR Compounded Index” 
respectively. For such purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SOFR, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number and (iv) ‘360’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator.  
In the case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(i), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SONIA 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SONIA Compounded Index”

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
211 
respectively. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (iv) ‘365’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SONIA shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator and (v) the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent. 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(I) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate 
Determination” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available the next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however, that 
if there is no such rate available for a period of time shorter or, as the case may be, 
longer than the relevant Interest Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions). 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount and 
rounding 
In the case of any Notes:

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
212 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (A) generally, (B) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods or (C) in relation to one or more Reset Periods), an 
adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest in the case of (A), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods in the case of (B) or (C), 
calculated, in each case, in accordance with Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c) by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin; 
subject always (in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes only) to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.0000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (B) all figures shall be rounded to 
seven significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a five or greater, the 
seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (C) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save 
that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (or, if determining the First Reset Rate of Interest or a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in 
respect of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, the Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period falling 
within the relevant Reset Period), obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, 
as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
213 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall, save in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate and Weighted Average SOFR for the purposes of Condition 5(c), 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 5 but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made.  
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5 by the Calculation Agent shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the Paying Agents and all Holders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the Holders, the 
Couponholders, the Paying Agents or the Issuer shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and discretions. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid and such successor having accepted such appointment. 
(i) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than a SOFR 
Reference Rate) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iv)). 
In making such determination, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(i) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of 
bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant 
to this Condition 5(i).

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
214 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(i) 
prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(i)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) and acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), is unable to determine prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread in respect of the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only. Any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the determination of an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the first 
paragraph of Condition 5(i)(i), provided that once the Issuer and (if appointed) the 
Independent Adviser have determined an Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall 
apply for all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent Adviser has been

--- Page 215 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
215 
appointed by the Issuer) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(i) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(i) will be notified at least 10 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent. In accordance with Condition 14, 
notice shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(i); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, 
the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid)

--- Page 216 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
216 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(i), the Calculation Agent shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful 
default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(i) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B)(w) 
and 5(c)(iii)(B)(x) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(v).  
(vii) 
Qualification as MREL Compliant Notes 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or to 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Reset Date as the effective maturity of the 
Notes under the then Applicable MREL Regulations, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(viii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) 
(B) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied), 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is recognised or

--- Page 217 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
217 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist;  
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate);  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences;  
(E) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(F) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market,  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (F) above, on the date with effect from 
which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant 
public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination.  
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 218 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
218 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(i)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means (i) the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes, (ii) the 6-month 
EURIBOR rate, (iii) the 12-month CNH HIBOR rate, (iv) the Floating Leg or (v) any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which replaces the Original Reference Rate pursuant to the 
operation of this Condition 5(i), as applicable. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(j) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is a SOFR Reference Rate, in addition 
and notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, this Condition 5(j) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for such determinations on all subsequent dates. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(j) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations

--- Page 219 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
219 
i. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its 
designee pursuant to this Condition 5(j), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
ii. In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
as applicable, cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Issuer or its designee, prior to the date which is 10 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5(j). 
iii. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own 
gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(iv) 
Qualification as MREL Compliant Notes 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), no Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Benchmark Conforming Changes will be adopted, 
nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to 
effect the Benchmark Replacement, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant 
Series of Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the 
next Reset Date as the effective maturity of the Notes under the then Applicable MREL 
Regulations, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.

--- Page 220 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
220 
(v) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(j): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as provided by 
the FRBNY, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate)) (“SOFR”); provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to 
the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee

--- Page 221 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
221 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) in the case of sub paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;

--- Page 222 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
222 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if 
the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY, or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the 
FRBNY or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
6 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount (which, (i) unless otherwise provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount and (ii) shall not be less than its nominal amount). 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes where the Specified Currency is Renminbi, if the Maturity Date falls 
on a day which is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date will be the next succeeding Business Day 
unless it would fall in the next calendar month in which event the Maturity Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase 
Any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c), 
(d), (e), (f) or (h) is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator therefor (pursuant 
to the prior permission regime of Article 77 CRR or any other regulatory prior permission 
regime applicable from time to time), provided that at the relevant time such permission is 
required to be given;  
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Law Change, if and to the extent 
then required under prevailing Applicable MREL Regulations, the Issuer has demonstrated 
to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the change in applicable tax treatment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche 
of Notes in a Series;  
(iii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption, 
purchase, substitution or variation as may be required by the Relevant Regulator or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at such time; and 
(iv) 
except in the case of any purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(f), the Issuer 
giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, but in any event not less than 
five Business Days’ notice) in accordance with Condition 14, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents and (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar, which notice shall be irrevocable. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption, substitution or variation pursuant to this 
Condition 6 (other than redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c)), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal

--- Page 223 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
223 
Agent a certificate signed by the Authorised Signatories stating that the relevant requirements or 
circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem, substitute or, as applicable, vary is satisfied. 
(c) 
Issuer’s Call Options 
(i) 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which 
shall not be less than the nominal amount of such Notes), together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, if the 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding is the Relevant Threshold Percentage or 
less of the principal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any 
further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 13 and consolidated and forming a single series 
with the Notes shall be deemed to have been originally issued), redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
(iii) 
All Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(c) shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in the notice of redemption given in respect of such Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)(iv). 
(d) 
Redemption due to Taxation 
If as a result of a Tax Law Change the Issuer would be required to pay Additional Amounts with 
respect to the Notes, then the Issuer may, as its option, having delivered to the Fiscal Agent a copy 
of an opinion of an independent nationally recognised law firm in the Netherlands or other tax 
adviser in the Netherlands experienced in such matters to such effect, and having given the notice 
required by Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for redemption, which shall, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, be on any Interest Payment Date or otherwise at any time, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (which shall not be less than the nominal 
amount of such Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If (i) MREL Disqualification Event Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) an MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having 
given the certification and notice required by Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for redemption, 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on any Interest Payment Date or otherwise, at any time, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (which shall not be less than 
the nominal amount of such Notes). 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may, subject to Condition 6(b) and to applicable law and 
regulation (which at the Issue Date shall include, without limitation, the Applicable MREL 
Regulations), at any time purchase Notes in any manner and at any price, provided that the then 
applicable law and regulation (including, without limitation, the Applicable MREL Regulations) 
permits such purchase. If such repurchased Notes are to be cancelled in accordance with Condition 
6(g), they shall be purchased together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to them. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6, and any unmatured Coupons or 
Talons attached to or surrendered with them, will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes, Coupons and

--- Page 224 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
224 
Talons purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar for cancellation, 
except as otherwise provided for by applicable laws. Notes, Coupons and Talons so surrendered 
shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes, Coupons or Talons shall be permanently and irrevocably discharged. 
(h) 
Substitution and Variation 
If Substitution and Variation and/or Alignment Event are specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
an MREL Disqualification Event and/or, as applicable, an Alignment Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having given the certification and notice required 
by Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for such substitution or variation, substitute all (but not 
some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders of such Series, so that the substituted 
notes are, or that the Notes remain, MREL Compliant Notes.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(g)(v)) or Coupons (save as specified 
in Condition 7(g)(v)), as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, Japanese yen and Renminbi, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option 
of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Wellington, respectively); 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, at the specified office of any Paying Agent by a cheque payable in euro 
drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to T2; 
(iii) 
in the case of Japanese yen, the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account 
with a bank in Japan (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(iv) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the 
Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of SIS Notes will be made irrespective of any present 
or future transfer restrictions and without regard to any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing 
agreement which may be applicable at the time of such payments in freely disposable Swiss francs 
without collection costs in Switzerland and without any restrictions and irrespective of nationality, 
domicile or residence of a holder of a Note or Coupon and without requiring any certification, affidavit 
or the fulfilment of any other formality. 
The receipt by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of 
the funds in Swiss francs in Zurich releases the Issuer from its obligations under the Notes and 
Coupons for the payment of interest and principal due on the respective payment dates to the extent 
of such payment.

--- Page 225 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
225 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agent or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close 
of business (A) on the 15th day before the due date for payment thereof or (B) in the case of 
Renminbi, on the fifth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made: 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: in the case of a 
currency other than Renminbi, in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a bank 
mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may 
be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency specified by the payee with 
a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to T2 and, in the case of Japanese yen, the transfer 
shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account with a bank in Japan (in the case of 
payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(B) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to the registered account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifth business day before the due date for 
payment. 
(c) 
AMTNs 
All payments under an AMTN must be made by the Issuer or the Australian Fiscal Agent on its 
behalf: 
(i) 
if the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System, by crediting, on the relevant date on 
which a payment is due, the amount then due to: 
(A) 
the account of Austraclear (as the Holder), in accordance with the Austraclear 
Regulations; or 
(B) 
if requested by Austraclear, the accounts of the persons in whose Security Record (as 
defined in the Austraclear Regulations) an AMTN is recorded, in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations; or 
(ii) 
if the AMTNs are not lodged in the Austraclear System, by transfer to the Australian dollar 
account maintained by the relevant Holder with a bank in Sydney as previously notified by 
the Holder to the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent. If the Holder has not notified the 
Issuer and Australian Fiscal Agent of such an account by close of business on the fifteenth 
calendar day, whether or not such fifteenth calendar day is a business day, before the 
relevant due date of the relevant payment of principal or interest (the “Record Date”), 
payments in respect of the relevant AMTNs will be made by cheque (drawn on a bank in 
Australia), mailed on the business day immediately preceding the relevant date for payment, 
at the Holder’s risk to the registered owner (or to the first named of joint registered owners) 
of such AMTNs at the address appearing in the Australian Register as at the close of 
business on the Record Date. Cheques to be despatched to the nominated address of a

--- Page 226 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
226 
Holder will in such cases be deemed to have been received by the Holder on the relevant 
payment and no further amount will be payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant AMTNs 
as a result of payment not being received by the Holder on the due date, and in any such 
case, without prejudice to Condition 9.  
Payments will be subject to surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of the 
Register if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the AMTNs represented by such 
Certificates. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to such Issuer. 
(e) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and its respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agent, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) for so long as required by the 
Austraclear Regulations, an Australian Fiscal Agent which has been and remains accepted by the 
Reserve Bank of Australia as a participant of the Reserve Bank Information and Transfer System 
and meets such other conditions as are imposed Austraclear from time to time, (iii) a Registrar in 
relation to Registered Notes and an Australian Registrar in relation to AMTNs, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least two major European cities or in one major European city and in London, (vi) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed and (vii) in respect of SIS Notes only, a Paying Agent having a specified office in Switzerland 
(and will at no time maintain a Paying Agent having a specified office outside Switzerland in relation 
to such SIS Notes).

--- Page 227 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
227 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in sub-paragraph (a) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes, Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes or Fixed Rate Notes where the total value of the unmatured coupons 
appertaining thereto exceeds the nominal amount of such Note), they should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due 
for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, a 
Fixed Rate Reset Note or (where the total value of the unmatured coupons exceeds the 
minimal amount of such Note) a Fixed Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9).

--- Page 228 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
228 
(i) 
Non-Business Days 
(i) 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such payment) 
until either: 
(A) 
the next following business day; or 
(B) 
the next following business day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date for payment (or for any interest or other sum in 
respect of such payment) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day. If, however, due to any reasonably unforeseen circumstances, any such 
adjusted payment date proves not to be a business day, such that the payment date 
falls in the next calendar month, the holder shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such payment) until the next following business day. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify whether Condition 7(i)(i)(A) or 7(i)(i)(B) is applicable. 
If neither Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Condition 7(i)(i)(A) shall apply. 
(ii) 
In this Condition 7(h), “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro or Renminbi) where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency (which in the 
case of Australian Dollars shall be Sydney and in the case of New Zealand Dollars 
shall be Wellington);  
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settlement of payments in Renminbi in 
Hong Kong; or 
(C) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of interest and principal in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within the Netherlands, or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts of 
interest (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received as interest by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:  
(a) 
in respect of payment of any amount of principal; 
(b) 
presented for payment in the country of incorporation of the Issuer (the “Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction”); 
(c) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within such 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of, or partly by reason of, 
such holder having some connection with the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction of the Issuer other than

--- Page 229 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
229 
by reason only of holding such Note or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant payment in respect 
thereof; 
(d) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction 
or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party complies, with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that a third party makes a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the 
Certificate representing it) or Coupon is presented for payment;  
(e) 
if withholding or deduction is required pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021); or 
(f) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the 
date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative 
Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to “interest” shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and “interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may 
be payable under this Condition 8. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons 
(which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
five years from the date on which such payment first becomes due. There shall be no prescription period 
for Talons but there shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon 
the claims in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 7((g)). 
10 No Events of Default 
If the Issuer (i) becomes bankrupt (failliet) or (ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purposes of a reconstruction or merger the 
terms of which have previously been approved by a meeting of Holders), the Holder of any Note shall have 
a claim which ranks as provided in Condition 4 for an amount equal to the principal amount of such Notes 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of payment. However, Holders may not 
themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition 
binding on the Issuer under the Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer 
to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising 
from the Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or 
satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Notes or the Coupons, in each case when not 
satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall 
the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash 
or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.  
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in Condition 4 and this Condition 10, shall 
be available to the Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or the

--- Page 230 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
230 
Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Notes or the Coupons. 
Repayment under the Notes will only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (to the extent that such permission is required at such time pursuant 
to the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
11 Meeting of Noteholders, modifications and waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement and (in the case of the AMTNs) the Australian Agency Agreement each 
contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless 
the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of any of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts 
on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates 
or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if 
a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) to vary the currency or currencies of payment 
or denomination of the Notes, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Noteholders or any adjournment of such meeting or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution or (vii) to modify the provisions regarding the status or ranking of the Notes 
referred to in Condition 4, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the 
meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened as a physical meeting, a hybrid meeting or 
a virtual meeting pursuant to the provisions in the Agency Agreement and (in the case of the AMTNs) 
the Australian Agency Agreement. 
The Agency Agreement and Australian Agency Agreement each provides that a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
Except in the case of AMTNs, so long as the Notes are represented by a global Note or a global 
Certificate and any such global Note is held on behalf of, or any global Certificate is registered in 
the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval 
of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through 
the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds in nominal

--- Page 231 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
231 
amount of the Notes outstanding, in accordance with the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the 
Conditions pursuant to Condition 5(i) or Condition 5(j) to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the 
Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be 
made in the circumstances described in Condition 5(i), where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 5(i)(v) or Condition 5(j). 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Exempt Notes, 
prior to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series, by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, the Australian Agency 
Agreement (in the case of AMTNs) or the Conditions, if to do so could not reasonably be expected 
to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement and the Conditions may be amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Registrar or any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent, 
Noteholder or Couponholder, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent may mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the 
interests of the holders.  
The Australian Agency Agreement may be amended by the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Australian Registrar, Australian Calculation Agent or Noteholder for the 
purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision 
contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent may mutually 
deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the interests of the holders. 
Any amendment to these Conditions is subject to the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission 
of the Relevant Regulator therefor (provided at the relevant time such permission is required to be 
given). 
12 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent (in the case, of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time 
be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by such Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as such 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 232 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
232 
13 Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes which have the same terms and conditions as the Notes (except for the Issue Price, 
the Issue Date, nominal amount, and the first Interest Payment Date) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
14 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes and AMTNs shall be published in accordance with the 
procedure set out in this Condition 14 for Bearer Notes and shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Alternatively, notices to holders of AMTNs 
may be given by being published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Australia. It is 
expected that such notices will normally be published in the Australian Financial Review. Notices to the 
holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which 
is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort), respectively. If any such publication is not practicable, notice 
shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English-language newspaper with general 
circulation in Europe and the United Kingdom. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published 
in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. 
So long as any tranche of SIS Notes is listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of 
SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of the Notes will be validly given through the Issuing 
and Principal Swiss Paying Agent (a) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX 
Swiss Exchange (https://www.six-group.com/exchanges, where notices are currently published under 
https://www.six-group.com/exchanges/news/official_notices/search_en.html), 
or 
(b) 
otherwise 
in 
accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange, in lieu of publication in the manner provided in 
the previous paragraph. Any notices so given shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of such first publication. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 14. 
15 Acknowledgement of Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers  
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder or Couponholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 15, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or Coupons), by 
its acquisition of the Notes and/or Coupons, each Noteholder and Couponholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Dutch Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be 
bound by: (a) the effect of the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in, inter alia, any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: (i) the write down, reduction, cancellation or other application to absorb losses of all, 
or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes, subject to write-up by the Resolution 
Authority (such loss absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”); (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of 
the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into common equity Tier 1 instruments, shares, other

--- Page 233 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
233 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”); and 
(iii) the amendment or alteration of the nature of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority, in each case all as prescribed by the resolution framework applicable to the Issuer. 
No repayment or payment of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable 
or be paid after any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of any Dutch Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent such Relevant Amounts have been 
written down, reduced, cancelled, otherwise applied to absorb losses, converted, amended or altered as 
a result of such exercise. 
No Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of default for any purpose 
and the relevant Noteholders and Couponholders will have no further claims in respect of any Relevant 
Amount so written down, reduced, cancelled, otherwise applied to absorb losses, converted, amended or 
altered as a result of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of the Dutch 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. Furthermore, any such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
may take place at the point of non-viability and independently of or in combination with a resolution action. 
Upon any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer (or the Resolution 
Authority) will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise. Failure to provide such notice will not have any impact on the 
effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, the Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise 
of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers or give Noteholders or Couponholders any rights as a result 
of such failure. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands (and, in the case of Rabobank with respect 
to Rule 144A Notes, the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in New York City, 
the Borough of Manhattan) are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) 
may be brought in such courts. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the 
Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Service of process 
Rabobank irrevocably appoints its New York branch at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York 
10167 as its agent in New York to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
Proceedings in New York. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to the relevant 
process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by Rabobank). If for any reason the 
process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in New York City,

--- Page 234 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
234 
Rabobank irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify 
Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to 
serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 235 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
235 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DATED SUBORDINATED NOTES  
The following, other than the paragraphs in italics, is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject 
to completion and, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined herein) only, amended and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes, in 
definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series or the AMTNs. 
The final terms for this Note are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note 
(or on the Certificate relating to this Note in the case of a Registered Note or an AMTN) which supplements 
these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) and, in the case of an Exempt Note, may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. All capitalised terms that are 
not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
Those definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References 
in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under 
the Programme. 
The Notes (other than the AMTNs) are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency Agreement”) dated  
15 May 2023, between Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (“Rabobank” or the “Issuer”), Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a Covenant (as 
amended or supplemented at the Issue Date, the “Covenant”) dated 15 May 2023 executed by the Issuer 
and the fiscal agent in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer 
agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Principal Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”, and “Agent” shall 
mean any one of them. With respect to any Series of SIS Notes (as defined herein), the Issuer will appoint 
an issuing and principal paying agent and one or more paying agents having specified offices in 
Switzerland with respect to each Series (the “Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent” and the “Swiss 
Paying Agent(s)”, respectively) pursuant to a supplemental agency agreement. In connection therewith, 
references in these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Issuing and 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons 
(the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all 
of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
The AMTNs are issued in registered form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register (as defined herein) in evidence of which one or more AMTN Global Certificates (as 
defined herein) will be issued to the Holders registered in the Australian Register (and held on the Holders’ 
behalf by Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (ABN 48 078 279 277) (“Computershare”) as 
registrar (the “Australian Registrar”), which expression shall include any successor registrar). The 
AMTNs are issued pursuant to an Australian Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented at the date 
of issue of the AMTNs (the “Issue Date”), the “Australian Agency Agreement”) dated 15 May 2023, 
between the Issuer, Computershare as Australian Registrar, fiscal agent and calculation agent (the 
“Australian Fiscal Agent” and the “Australian Calculation Agent”), and AMTNs will be issued with the 
benefit of the Covenant. In relation to AMTNs (and save as otherwise provided therein), a reference in 
these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Australian Fiscal Agent, a reference to the Calculation Agent shall be deemed a reference to the Australian 
Calculation Agent, and a reference to the Registrar or Register shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Australian Registrar or Australian Register (as applicable). The Holders of AMTNs, are deemed to have 
notice of all of the provisions of the Australian Agency Agreement applicable to them.

--- Page 236 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
236 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Covenant are available upon reasonable request during 
normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent. Copies of the Australian Agency Agreement are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Australian Registrar. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including 
as to listing) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, first Interest Payment Dates, nominal 
amounts and/or Issue Prices. 
1 
Definitions 
(a) 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below. In addition, further defined terms are set out within the relevant 
Condition in which such terms are used. 
“Additional Amounts” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
“Administrative Action” means any judicial decision, official administrative pronouncement, 
published or private ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or announcement (including any notice or 
announcement of intent to adopt such procedures or regulations) affecting taxation.  
“AMTN” means a Note denominated in Australian dollars and issued pursuant to the Australian 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with Condition 2. 
“Austraclear” means Austraclear Limited (ABN 94 002 060 773) as operator of the Austraclear 
System, or its successor. 
“Austraclear Regulations” means the Operating Rules of Austraclear from time to time including 
the Austraclear Procedures, Determinations and Practice Notes (in each case as such terms are 
defined in the Austraclear Regulations). 
“Austraclear System” means the system operated by Austraclear in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations. 
“Australian Calculation Agent” means Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (ABN 48 078 
279 277) as calculation agent (or such other Australian Calculation Agent(s) as may be appointed 
under the Australian Agency Agreement from time to time either generally or in relation to a specific 
issue or Series of Notes); 
“Australian Corporations Act” means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of the Commonwealth of 
Australia. 
“Australian dollar”, “AUD” or “A$” means the Australian dollar, the currency of the Commonwealth 
of Australia. 
“Australian Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Authorised Signatories” means any two of the members of the Managing Board. 
“BBSW” has the meaning given to “AUD-BBSW” in the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time). 
“Bearer Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Broken Amount” means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 237 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
237 
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2019/879) 
and, as the context permits, any provision of Dutch law, including the Dutch Financial Markets 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) transposing or implementing such Directive. 
“Business Centre(s)” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the financial centres specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
any of (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(if other than any financial centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Wellington, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in Hong Kong are open for business and settlement of 
payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong.  
“Calculation Agent” means (i) in respect of Notes other than AMTNs, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch (ii) in respect of AMTNs, Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (ABN 48 078 279 
277) (the “Australian Calculation Agent”) or (iii) if different, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Any references to a Calculation Agent in respect of AMTNs shall be deemed to refer to the 
Australian Calculation Agent.  
“Calculation Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A “Capital Event” is deemed to have occurred if the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that as a result of a change on or after the relevant Issue Date of the most 
recent Tranche of Notes in a Series in the regulatory classification of the Notes under the Capital 
Regulations, the Notes have been or will be excluded from own funds or reclassified as own funds 
of lower quality (that is, no longer Tier 2 Capital) in whole. 
“Capital Regulations” means any requirements of Dutch law or contained in the regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament 
and the European Council, then in effect in the Netherlands relating to capital adequacy and 
resolution and applicable to the Issuer and the Rabobank Group, including but not limited to the 
CRD Directive, the CRR, the SRM Regulation and the BRRD. 
“Certificates” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Clearing System Business Day” means, in respect of a clearing system, any day on which such 
clearing system is open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.), or such other body or authority having primary supervisory authority 
with respect to the Issuer and the Rabobank Group and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable).

--- Page 238 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
238 
“CRD Directive” means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on the access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
pursuant to Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019) 
and, as the context permits, any provision of Dutch law, including the Dutch Financial Markets 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) transposing or implementing such Directive. 
“CRR” means the Regulation (EU No. 575/2013) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “NL/365” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period dividend by 365 (or, if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period, one 
day less than the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365); 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 x (Y2 -  Y1 )]+ [30 x (M2 – M1 )]+(D2 – D1 )
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 239 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
239 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case, D1 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 – Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 – Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 240 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
240 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(x) 
if “RBA Bond Basis” or “Australian Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
(A) 
if the Calculation Period constitutes an Interest Period, one divided by the number of 
Interest Payment Dates in a year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period does not constitute an Interest Period, the actual number of 
days of the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of:  
(x) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365). 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date.  
“Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Netherlands, relating 
to (i) the transposition into Dutch law of BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 48 thereof) as 
amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be 
reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended 
by the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union. 
“Exempt Notes” means unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any regulated 
market in the European Economic Area, where such Notes are, in addition, issued with a minimum 
denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or otherwise fall 
within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.

--- Page 241 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
241 
“Federal Reserve” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(a). 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(a). 
“Fixed Rate Reset Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is 
calculated by reference to Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(b)(iii). 
“Floating Rate Option” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
“FRBNY” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“Holder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Accrual Period forms part, provided that if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, the Fixed 
Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest CNY0.01 (CNY0.005 being rounded upwards); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, other than where the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH HIBOR, (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling, euro nor Renminbi, (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro or (iv) the day falling two Business Days in Hong Kong prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH 
HIBOR.

--- Page 242 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
242 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date on which interest for the relevant period falls due, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if specified in the relevant Final Terms as “2006 ISDA Definitions” the 
2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as 
amended or (ii) if specified in the relevant Final Terms as “2021 ISDA Definitions”, the latest version 
of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor 
Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions), each as at the 
Issue Date of the first tranche of Notes unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(iii)(A). 
“Issue Price” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Managing Board” means the managing board of the Issuer. 
“Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“MREL” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or 
successor term). 
“Note” means a Bearer Note, a Registered Note or an AMTN, as applicable. 
“Noteholder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Record Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(ii) for Registered Notes and in 
Condition 7(c)(ii) for AMTNs. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, STIBOR, NIBOR, CNH HIBOR, 
BBSW, BKBM, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate, SONIA Compounded Index Rate or, in the case of Exempt Notes 
only, such other rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Register” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Registered Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2.  
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of 
the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Resolution Authority. 
“Relevant Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or such successor or

--- Page 243 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
243 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a service which may be used for the 
purposes of displaying an interest rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Relevant Threshold Percentage” means 25 per cent. or such other percentage as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Renminbi” means the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China. 
“Resolution Authority” means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having 
resolution authority with respect to the Rabobank Group.  
“Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service” means the money rates monitor of the Reuters service. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
by reference to Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B), 5(c)(iii)(D), 5(c)(iii)(E), 5(c)(iii)(F), 5(c)(iii)(G) and 5(c)(iii)(H).  
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
“Senior Creditors” means present or future (a) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including 
creditors in respect of unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance 
on Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision 
implementing article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The 
Netherlands) and excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR) and (b) 
creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated to the claims of other 
creditors of the Issuer, including claims in respect of interest on the Notes or Coupons (other than 
those whose claims are in respect of obligations which constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital). 
References in these Terms and Conditions to Senior Creditors shall include holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
“SIS Notes” means any Series of Notes which is denominated in Swiss francs and is deposited with 
SIX SIS AG (or such other depository as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange. 
“SOFR Reference Rate” means Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate, Term SOFR or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other Reference 
Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms linked to or referencing the Secured Overnight Funding 
Rate. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Interest Payment Date” means a date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, being a date on which interest for the relevant period falls due. 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended from time 
to time. 
“Tax Law Change” means (i) any amendment to, or clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties 
(or any regulations promulgated thereunder) of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting taxation, (ii) any Administrative Action or (iii) any amendment 
to, clarification of, or change in the official position of such Administrative Action or any

--- Page 244 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
244 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative Action that differs 
from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, 
governmental authority or regulatory body, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, 
clarification or change is made known, which amendment, clarification or change is effective, or 
which pronouncement or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of Notes in a Series. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
“TARGET Business Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro. 
“Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning ascribed thereto (or to any equivalent terms) in the Capital 
Regulations from time to time. 
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning ascribed thereto (or to any equivalent terms) in the Capital 
Regulations from time to time. 
“unit” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e)(iii). 
(b) 
References to capitalised terms not defined in Condition 1(a) above are to those terms as defined 
in the first paragraph of the preamble to these Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
In these Conditions, reference to any provision of law or regulation shall be deemed to include 
reference to any successor provision in respect of such law or regulation. 
2 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes (other than the AMTNs) are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”), in each case, in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, a reference to Bearer Notes or Registered Notes does not include AMTNs. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, Fixed Rate Reset Note or a Floating Rate Note, depending 
upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be a combination of any of the foregoing or any 
other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and each Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto shall pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”), unless 
applicable law provides otherwise or provides for additional formalities for transfer of title. Insofar as 
applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered Notes, the 
registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or 
on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 245 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
245 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note or an AMTN is registered (as the case may be), and “Holder” (in relation to a 
Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note or an AMTN is registered (as the case may be). 
In the case of AMTNs, the following provisions shall prevail over the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 2 in the event of any inconsistency. 
The AMTNs are issued in registered form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register, in evidence of which one or more Certificates will be issued to the Holders in whose 
name the AMTNs are registered in the Australian Register. 
Each AMTN is a debt obligation of the Issuer each Certificate issued in respect of AMTNs shall 
represent the entire holding of AMTNs by the same Holder. No other certificate or evidence of title 
(including notes in definitive form) shall be issued by or on behalf of the Issuer to evidence title to an AMTN 
unless the Issuer determines that any such other certificate or evidence of title should be made available 
or that it is required to do so under any applicable law or regulation. Certificates issued in respect of AMTNs 
are evidence of entitlement only. 
Title to the AMTNs passes by registration of the transfer in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Australian Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Australian Agency 
Agreement (the “Australian Register”). Insofar as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a 
valid transfer of title to the AMTNs, the registration of the transfer by the Australian Registrar shall constitute 
evidence of this notification. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the Holder of any AMTN shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing 
on the Certificate representing it or the theft or loss of such AMTN Global Certificate and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the Holder. 
Upon a person acquiring title to an AMTN by virtue of becoming registered as the owner of that 
AMTN, all rights and entitlements arising in respect of that AMTN vest absolutely in the registered owner 
of the AMTN, so that no person who has previously been registered as the owner of the AMTN nor any 
other person has or is entitled to assert against the Issuer, the Australian Fiscal Agent, the Australian 
Calculation Agent or the Australian Registrar or the registered owner of the AMTN for the time being and 
from time to time any rights, benefits or entitlements in respect of the AMTN. 
Each inscription in the Australian Register in respect of an AMTN is: 
(i) 
sufficient and conclusive evidence to all persons and for all purposes that the person whose 
name is so inscribed is the registered owner of the AMTN; 
(ii) 
evidenced for the benefit of the relevant Holder by the Certificate; and 
(iii) 
evidence that the person whose name is so inscribed, as evidenced by the Certificate, is 
entitled to the benefit of an unconditional and irrevocable undertaking by the Issuer that the 
Issuer will make all payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Note in 
accordance with these Conditions. To the extent of any inconsistency between an inscription 
in the Australian Register and a Certificate, the inscription in the Australian Register shall 
prevail absent fraud or manifest error. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the making of, or the 
giving effect to, a manifest error in an inscription into the Australian Register will not avoid the constitution, 
issue or transfer of an AMTN. The Issuer will procure that the Australian Registrar must correct any 
manifest error of which it becomes aware and as soon as practicable record in/enter on the Australian 
Register any transfer of AMTNs notified to it.

--- Page 246 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
246 
3 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or such other form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent), duly completed and executed, 
together with any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. Insofar 
as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered 
Notes, the registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. 
(b) 
Additional provisions relating to the transfer of AMTNs 
(i) 
AMTNs may be transferred in whole but not in part. Unless lodged in the Austraclear System, 
AMTNs will be transferred by duly completed and (if applicable) stamped transfer and 
acceptance forms in the form specified by, and obtainable from, the Australian Registrar or 
by any other manner approved by the Issuer and the Australian Registrar. Each transfer and 
acceptance form must be signed by the transferor and transferee and be accompanied by 
such evidence (if any) as the Australian Registrar may require to prove the title of the 
transferor or the transferor’s right to transfer the AMTNs and that the form has been properly 
executed by both the transferor and transferee. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Australian Registrar may from time to time 
prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the schedules to the Australian Agency 
Agreement). 
(ii) 
AMTNs entered in the Austraclear System will be transferable only in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations. While an AMTN is lodged in the Austraclear System, neither the 
Issuer nor the Australian Registrar will recognise any such interest other than the interest of 
Austraclear as the Holder of the AMTN. 
(iii) 
The transferor of an AMTN remains the Holder of that AMTN until the name of the transferee 
is entered in the Australian Register in respect of that AMTN. 
(iv) 
A transfer of AMTNs to an unincorporated association is not possible and such purported 
transfer will be deemed invalid. This restriction is intended to have property law 
consequences (goederenrechtelijke werking). 
(v) 
A person becoming entitled to an AMTN as a consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a 
Holder or of a vesting order or a person administering the estate of a Holder may, upon 
producing such evidence as to that entitlement or status as the Australian Registrar considers 
sufficient, transfer the AMTN or, if so entitled, become registered as the Holder of the AMTN. 
(vi) 
Where the transferor executes a transfer of less than all AMTNs registered in its name, and 
the specific AMTNs to be transferred are not identified, the Australian Registrar may register 
the transfer in respect of such of the AMTNs registered in the name of the transferor as the 
Australian Registrar thinks fit, provided the aggregate principal amount of the AMTNs 
registered as having been transferred equals the aggregate principal amount of the AMTNs 
expressed to be transferred in the transfer.

--- Page 247 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
247 
(vii) 
AMTNs may only be transferred if: 
(A) 
in the case of AMTNs to be transferred in, or into, Australia, the offer or invitation giving 
rise to the transfer: 
(i) 
is for a minimum amount payable of at least AUD 500,000 (or its equivalent in 
an alternative currency and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
Issuer or its associates to the subscriber) or the offer or invitation (including any 
resulting issue) does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Parts 
6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; and 
(ii) 
does not constitute an offer or invitation to a “retail client” as defined for the 
purposes of section 761G of the Australian Corporations Act; and 
(B) 
at all times, the transfer complies with all applicable laws and directives of the 
jurisdiction where the transfer takes place. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3(a) or Condition 3(b) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer shall have been made or, at 
the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the 
relevant form of transfer, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays 
in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement or, in respect of AMTNs, the 
Australian Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as 
it may specify. In this Condition 3(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration or transfer shall be effected without 
charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, but upon payment of any 
tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note or AMTN to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 
days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option 
pursuant to Condition 6, (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption, or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)(ii) for 
Registered Notes and as defined in Condition 7(c)(ii) for AMTNs). 
4 
Status and Subordination 
(a) 
Status 
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
The rights and claims of the Holders and Couponholders are subordinated as described in Condition 
4(b).

--- Page 248 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
248 
(b) 
Subordination 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding applicable law (including as provided 
pursuant to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)), any claims for payment 
under the Notes in respect of the principal amount constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and shall, in the case of (a) the bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) dissolution (ontbinding) of the Issuer, 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and:  
(i) 
subordinated and junior to Senior Creditors of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer which constitutes 
Tier 2 Capital; and  
(iii) 
senior to any other present or future obligation of the Issuer which constitutes Tier 1 Capital.  
By virtue of such subordination, payments to the Holders in respect of the principal amount will, in 
the case of the bankruptcy or dissolution of the Issuer, only be made after all payment obligations 
of Senior Creditors have been satisfied in full.  
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding applicable law (including as provided 
pursuant to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet)), any claims in respect 
of interest or Coupons shall in the case of (a) the bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) dissolution 
(ontbinding) of the Issuer rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and junior to 
all unsubordinated rights and claims (including with respect to the repayment of borrowed money).  
(c) 
No set-off or netting 
Any right of set-off or netting by the Holder or Couponholder in respect of any amount owed to such 
Holder or Couponholder by the Issuer under or in connection with such Note or Coupon shall be 
excluded. The Notes and Coupons are not eligible for any set-off or netting by any Holders or 
Couponholders and no Holder or Couponholder shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-
off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
the Notes or Coupons. To the extent that any Holder or Couponholder nevertheless claims a right 
of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and 
irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Holder or 
Couponholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which 
purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can 
be derived from the Notes or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the 
possibility of any set-off or netting by a Holder or Couponholder shall be exclusively governed by 
Dutch law. 
5 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, provided that if the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest 
Period may be greater or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(f).

--- Page 249 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
249 
Except as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Broken Amount. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
in the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest, 
payable, subject as provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 5. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
“Anniversary Date(s)” means each date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Corresponding Tenor” means three months or such other period specified in the Final Terms; 
“dealing day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which the London Stock Exchange 
(or such other stock exchange on which the Reference Bond is at the relevant time listed) is 
ordinarily open for the trading of securities; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from and including the First Reset Date up to but excluding 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Final Terms, the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes (if any); 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and adjusted as necessary, on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset 
Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Quotations” means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is euro, for the annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in euro which (i) has a term 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate 
Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant swap market; 
and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 6-month EURIBOR rate (calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis), unless as otherwise specified in the Final Terms. If the 6-month EURIBOR 
rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
Condition 5(i)), the 6-month EURIBOR rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms 
of Condition 5(i); 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on an 
Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in

--- Page 250 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
250 
Renminbi which (i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that 
of the relevant Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 12-month CNH 
HIBOR rate (calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis), unless as otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms. If the 12-month CNH HIBOR rate cannot be obtained because 
of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the 12-month CNH 
HIBOR rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i); and 
(iii) 
if the Specified Currency is not euro or Renminbi, for the Fixed Leg (as set out in the Final 
Terms) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in that Specified Currency which 
(i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant 
Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
relevant swap market; and (iii) has a Floating Leg (as set out in the Final Terms). If a Floating 
Leg rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined 
in Condition 5(i)), the Floating Leg rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 5(i),  
in the case of Exempt Notes only, in each case, as modified, amended or supplemented in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, (i) the applicable semi-annual or annualised 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) mid swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency (with a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period specified in the Final Terms) 
as displayed on the Screen Page at the Reset Determination Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (which rate, if the relevant Interest Payment Dates are other than semi-annual 
or annual Interest Payment Dates, shall be adjusted by, and in the manner determined by, the 
Calculation Agent), (ii) if such rate is not displayed on the Screen Page at such time and date, the 
relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate or (iii) in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other rate as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, the bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if not so specified or to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms 
is no longer outstanding on the relevant Reset Determination Date, a government security or 
securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset 
Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as 
the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption yield (as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such 
time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, with the 
price of the Reference Bond for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered 
prices of such Reference Bond quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at the Reset Determination 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next 
following dealing day in London. If at least four quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate 
will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality,

--- Page 251 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
251 
one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reference 
Bond Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bond Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion following consultation 
with the Issuer; 
“Reference Bond Rate Period” means the period or periods specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond Rate Screen Page” means the Bloomberg screen specified in the Final Terms, 
or such other screen page as may replace it on Bloomberg or, as the case may be, on such other 
information service that may replace Bloomberg, in each case, as may be nominated by the person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates, or, in respect of Exempt Notes only, such screen page as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Term SOFR Rate means the time 
determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Term SOFR Conventions; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY or any successor thereto; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each of the 
Anniversary Dates (if any) as is specified in the Final Terms; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such 
in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, 
the first Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is 
U.S. dollars, the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Reset Period or (iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the 
principal financial centre for such Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period; 
"Reset Determination Time” means (i) if the Reset Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
Mid-Swap Rate, 11.00 a.m. (in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) or (ii) if the 
Reset Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Reference Bond Rate, 3.00 p.m. (London 
time), or, in each case, such other time as may be specified as the Reset Determination Time in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Rate” means (a) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate, (b) if Reference Bond Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Reference Bond Rate, 
(c) if Screen Page Reference Bond Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Screen Page 
Reference Bond Rate, (d) if Term SOFR Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Term 
SOFR Rate or (e) in respect of Exempt Notes only, such rate as is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-
Swap Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around the 
Reset Determination Time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which in the 
case of Renminbi shall, for these purposes, be Hong Kong) on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date and, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of

--- Page 252 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
252 
the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion;  
“Reset Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate, 
five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank market relating to the Specified Currency 
selected by the Issuer in its discretion or (ii) in the case of a Reference Bond Rate, five banks which 
are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues selected by the Issuer in its discretion; 
“Screen Page” means (i) Reuters screen page “ICESWAP1”, “ICESWAP2”, “ICESWAP3”, 
“ICESWAP4”, “ICESWAP5” or “ICESWAP6” or such other page on Thomson Reuters as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) the Bloomberg screen page OTC SGD OIS under “BGN” 
appearing under the column headed “Ask”, or such other page on Bloomberg as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other screen page as may replace it on Thomson Reuters or 
Bloomberg or, as the case may be, on such other information service that may replace Thomson 
Reuters or Bloomberg, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or, in respect of 
Exempt Notes only, such screen page as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Screen Page Reference Bond Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, the generic bid yield for 
UK government bonds over the Reference Bond Rate Period, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date by reference to the Reference Bond Rate Screen 
Page or such successor, replacement or other screen page or section as may then display the 
relevant information at the relevant time; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"SORA" means a reference rate equal to the daily Singapore Overnight Rate Average provided by 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore (or a successor administrator), as the administrator of the 
benchmark, on the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s website currently at http://www.mas.gov.sg, 
or any successor website officially designated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (or as 
published by its authorised distributors);  
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from and including the Second Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date, and each successive period from and including a Reset Date to but 
excluding the next succeeding Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate 
of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to 
such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Swap Rate Period” means the period or periods specified as such in the Final Terms;  
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based 
on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; 
“Term SOFR Administrator” means any entity designated by the Relevant Governmental Body as 
the administrator of Term SOFR (or any successor administrator); 
“Term SOFR Conventions” means any determination, decision, or election with respect to any 
technical, administrative, or operational matter (including with respect to the manner and timing of 
the publication of the Term SOFR Rate, or changes to the definition of “Reset Period”, timing and 
frequency of determining the Term SOFR Rate with respect to each Reset Period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the

--- Page 253 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
253 
Calculation Agent determines may be appropriate to reflect the use of the Term SOFR Rate as the 
Reset Rate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if 
the Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for the use of the Term SOFR Rate exists, 
in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Term SOFR Rate” means in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation 
to such Reset Period, the rate for Term SOFR for a tenor of three months (or such other period 
specified in the Final Terms) that is published by the Term SOFR Administrator at the Reference 
Time for any Reset Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Term 
SOFR Conventions. All percentages used in or resulting from any calculation of any Term SOFR 
Rate will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 per cent. rounded up to 0.00001 per cent; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as Specified Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms, and for the purposes of Notes other than Fixed 
Rate Notes, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest Period may be greater 
or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate

--- Page 254 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
254 
Determination or any other method of determination which may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall apply if specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus a Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(w) if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the first 
day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 255 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
255 
(1) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified 
in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method 
with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(7) 
the definition of “Fallback Observation Day” in the ISDA Definitions is 
deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: “Fallback 
Observation Day” means in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation 
Period (or any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) 
to which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day that is 
five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. 
(x) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(3) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(4) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
(y) 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions:  
(1) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the 
definition of “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be

--- Page 256 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
256 
replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s 
Rate”; and  
(z) 
each of EUR-EURIBOR, EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters, EUR-EuroSTR, EUR-
EuroSTR Compounded Index, GBP-SONIA, GBP-SONIA Compounded Index, 
HKD-HONIA, JPY-TONA, USD-SOFR and USD-SOFR Compounded Index has 
the meaning given in the ISDA Definitions.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR or Compounded Index Rate 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, 
“Compounded Daily €STR”, “Compounded Daily SOFR”, “Weighted Average 
SOFR” or “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(i) and as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR, 
11.15 a.m. (Hong Kong time) or if, at or around that time it is notified that the 
fixing will be published at 2.30 p.m. (Hong Kong time), then as of 2.30 p.m. in 
the case of CNH HIBOR, 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) in the case of BBSW or 
10.45 a.m. (Auckland and Wellington time) in the case of BKBM, on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent plus or 
minus a Margin (if any). If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.  
(w) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of sub-paragraph (v) and provided that such failure is not due to the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). If the Reference Rate cannot be 
determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
Condition 5(i)), the Reference Rate shall be calculated in accordance with the 
terms of Condition 5(i).

--- Page 257 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
257 
(x) 
Alternative Reference Rates: With respect to Exempt Notes only, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, 
CNH HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the relevant Final Terms may specify that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined in accordance with 
such Reference Rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
(C) 
Bank Bill Rate Determination for AMTNs 
Where, in relation to an issue of AMTNs, Bank Bill Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the relevant 
Bank Bill Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), “Bank Bill Rate”, for an Interest Accrual 
Period, means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate administered by the 
ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) for a tenor closest to the Interest Accrual Period as displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page on the first day of that Interest Accrual Period as determined 
by the Australian Fiscal Agent. 
However, if the rate is not displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by 10.30 a.m. 
(Sydney time) on that day, or if it is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page but the 
Australian Fiscal Agent determines that there is an obvious error in that rate, Bank Bill 
Rate means the rate determined by the Australian Fiscal Agent in good faith at 
approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) on that day, having regard, to the extent 
possible, to the mid rate of the rates otherwise bid and offered for bank accepted bills 
of that tenor at or around that time. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i), be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where:

--- Page 258 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
258 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any Observation Period, the number 
of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“p” means the whole number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less than five 
London Banking Days; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking 
Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking 
Day “i”; 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA reference rate determined in accordance with paragraph (1) 
above, except that in respect of each London Banking Day i falling on or 
after the “Lock-out date” specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no “Lock-out date” is specified, five London Banking Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or

--- Page 259 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
259 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day 
“i” falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for 
such day; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
(w) 
If, subject to Condition 5(i), in respect of any London Banking Day on which an 
applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be determined, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, the SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall 
be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads). 
(x) 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(w), if the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions 
from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance 
in order to determine the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the 
purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(y) 
To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in 
order to determine Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall have no 
obligation to act until such amendments or modifications have been made in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Agency Agreement.  
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest

--- Page 260 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
260 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(z) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
€STR 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily €STR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i), be Compounded Daily €STR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
the reference rate of the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷X 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting authority 
thereto; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni”, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
TARGET Settlement Day;

--- Page 261 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
261 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Accrual Period, the whole number of TARGET Settlement 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, being no less than five TARGET Settlement Days; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro; 
“€STR Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as published by the ECB, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the ECB initially at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the ECB 
(the “ECB’s Website”) (in each case, on or before 11:00 a.m., Central European Time, 
on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day); and 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day “i”. 
(w) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR 
Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day 
for which such rate was published on the ECB’s Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in 
the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the ECB or another administrator) (the “ECB 
Recommended Rate”), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before 
the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were 
references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published 
on the ECB’s Website (the “EDFR”) on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the

--- Page 262 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
262 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the “EDFR Spread”). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring from and including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the EDFR on 
such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
(x) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(y) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(z) 
As used in these Conditions: 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or

--- Page 263 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
263 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), be Compounded Daily SOFR 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows,

--- Page 264 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
264 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method) in the relevant Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to but excluding the date “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days); and 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, zero; 
“USBD” means U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government

--- Page 265 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
265 
Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”;  
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in 
respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling on or 
after the “Lock-out date” specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no “Lock-out date” is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in accordance 
with paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day i falling in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period, the SOFR for such day.  
Unless otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or unless the context 
otherwise requires, in these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have the 
following meanings: 
“New York City Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York City; 
“SOFR” means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY’s 
website at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Event have not 
occurred under Condition 5(j), then the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the FRBNY’s website for 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the FRBNY’s 
website; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
(G) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Weighted Average 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Weighted Average SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), be Weighted Average SOFR

--- Page 266 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
266 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Weighted Average SOFR” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
arithmetic mean of “SOFRi” in effect during such Interest Accrual Period and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[
∑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d”, “d0”, “i” and “p” have the meanings set out under Condition 5(b)(iii)(F);  
“n” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day i falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
day;  
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, during each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in 
respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling on or 
after the “Lock-out date” specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no “Lock-out date” is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each 
relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with 
paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i. 
(H) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing a Compounded Index 
Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i) (in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate) or Condition 5(j) (in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate), be the compounded daily reference rate for such 
Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the 
Relevant Decimal Place (the “Compounded Index Rate”), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin:

--- Page 267 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
267 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Compounded IndexEnd” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); 
“Compounded IndexStart” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
“Index Days” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 365 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 
being rounded upwards);  
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and five in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily Secured Overnight 
Funding Rate, as published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the FRBNY (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the FRBNY, or any successor 
source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of 
SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; and

--- Page 268 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
268 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
In the case of the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(j), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SOFR 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(F) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SOFR Compounded Index” 
respectively. For such purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SOFR, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number and (iv) ‘360’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator.  
In the case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(i), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SONIA 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SONIA Compounded Index” 
respectively. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (iv) ‘365’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SONIA shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator and (v) the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent. 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(I) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate 
Determination” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of

--- Page 269 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
269 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available the next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however, that 
if there is no such rate available for a period of time shorter or, as the case may be, 
longer than the relevant Interest Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions). 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount and 
rounding 
In the case of any Notes: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (A) generally, (B) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods or (C) in relation to one or more Reset Periods), an 
adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest in the case of (A), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods in the case of (B) or (C), 
calculated, in each case, in accordance with Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c) by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin; 
subject always (in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes only) to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.0000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (B) all figures shall be rounded to 
seven significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a five or greater, the 
seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (C) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such

--- Page 270 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
270 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save 
that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (or, if determining the First Reset Rate of Interest or a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in 
respect of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, the Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period falling 
within the relevant Reset Period), obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, 
as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall, save in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate and Weighted Average SOFR for the purposes of Condition 5(c), 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 5 but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made.  
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5 by the Calculation Agent shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the Paying Agents and all Holders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the Holders, the 
Couponholders, the Paying Agents or the Issuer shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and discretions. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 271 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
271 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid and such successor having accepted such appointment. 
(i) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than a SOFR 
Reference Rate) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iv)). 
In making such determination, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(i) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of 
bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant 
to this Condition 5(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(i) 
prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(i)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) and acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant

--- Page 272 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
272 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), is unable to determine prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread in respect of the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only. Any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the determination of an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the first 
paragraph of Condition 5(i)(i), provided that once the Issuer and (if appointed) the 
Independent Adviser have determined an Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall 
apply for all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent Adviser has been 
appointed by the Issuer), determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(i) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.  
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(i) will be notified at least 10 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent. In accordance with Condition 14, 
notice shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 273 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
273 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(i); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, 
the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(i), the Calculation Agent shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful 
default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(i) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B)(w) 
and 5(c)(iii)(B)(x) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(v).  
(vii) 
Qualification as Tier 2 Capital 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 Capital or to result in the 
Competent Authority treating the next Reset Date as the effective maturity of the Notes under 
the then Capital Regulations, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.

--- Page 274 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
274 
(viii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) 
(B) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied) 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; or

--- Page 275 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
275 
(F) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market,  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (F) above, on the date with effect from 
which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant 
public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination.  
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(i)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means (i) the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes, (ii) the 6-month 
EURIBOR rate, (iii) the 12-month CNH HIBOR rate, (iv) the Floating Leg or (v) any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which replaces the Original Reference Rate pursuant to the 
operation of this Condition 5(i), as applicable. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(j) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is a SOFR Reference Rate, in addition 
and notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, this Condition 5(j) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred

--- Page 276 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
276 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for such determinations on all subsequent dates. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(j) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations 
i. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its 
designee pursuant to this Condition 5(j), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
ii. In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
as applicable, cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Issuer or its designee, prior to the date which is 10 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5(j). 
iii. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof

--- Page 277 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
277 
and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own 
gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(iv) 
Qualification as Tier 2 Capital 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), no Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Benchmark Conforming Changes will be adopted, 
nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to 
effect the Benchmark Replacement, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant 
Series of Notes as Tier 2 Capital or to result in the Competent Authority treating the next 
Reset Date as the effective maturity of the Notes under the then Capital Regulations, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(j): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as provided by 
the FRBNY, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate)) (“SOFR”); provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to 
the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 278 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
278 
(B) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) in the case of sub paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a

--- Page 279 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
279 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if 
the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY, or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the 
FRBNY or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
6 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount (which, (i) unless otherwise provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount and (ii) shall not be less than its nominal amount). 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes where the Specified Currency is Renminbi, if the Maturity Date falls 
on a day which is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date will be the next succeeding Business Day 
unless it would fall in the next calendar month in which event the Maturity Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase 
Any redemption or purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c), (d), (e) or (f) is subject 
to: 
(i) 
the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority therefor 
(pursuant to the prior permission regime of Article 77 CRR or any other regulatory prior 
permission regime applicable from time to time), provided that at the relevant time such 
permission is required to be given;

--- Page 280 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
280 
(ii) 
both at the time of, and immediately following, the redemption or purchase, the Issuer being 
in compliance with its capital requirements as provided in the Capital Regulations applicable 
to it from time to time (and a certificate from the Authorised Signatories confirming such 
compliance shall be conclusive evidence of such compliance); 
(iii) 
except in the case of any purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(f), the Issuer 
giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, but in any event not less than 
five Business Days’ notice) in accordance with Condition 14, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents and (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar, which notice shall be irrevocable;  
(iv) 
if and to the extent then required under prevailing Capital Regulations, either: (A) the Issuer 
having replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or (B) the Issuer having demonstrated 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the own funds and eligible liabilities of the 
Issuer would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed its minimum capital and MREL 
requirements (including any applicable buffer requirements) by a margin (calculated in 
accordance with applicable Capital Regulations) that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(v) 
in respect of a redemption or purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the 
most recent Tranche of Notes in a Series, if and to the extent then required under prevailing 
Capital Regulations: (A) in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Law Change, 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change 
in applicable tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date 
of the most recent Tranche of Notes in a Series; (B) in the case of redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, (x) the Competent Authority considers that the change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes is sufficiently certain and (y) the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most 
recent Tranche of Notes in a Series, (C) the Issuer having replaced the Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer, and the Competent Authority having permitted such action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances or (D) in the case of a purchase pursuant to Condition 6(f), (i) the 
Issuer having before or at the same time as such purchase, replaced the Notes with own 
funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer, and the Competent Authority having permitted such action on the basis 
of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances or (ii) the Notes are being purchased for market-making purposes 
in accordance with prevailing Capital Regulations. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of such redemption or purchase, the prevailing 
Capital Regulations permit the repayment or purchase only after compliance with one or more 
alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out in this Condition 6(b), the Issuer shall, in the 
alternative or in addition to the foregoing (as required by the Capital Regulations) comply with such 
other and/or (as appropriate) additional pre-condition(s). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6 (other than 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c)), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by the Authorised Signatories stating that the relevant requirements or circumstance giving 
rise to the right to redeem is satisfied.

--- Page 281 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
281 
(c) 
Issuer’s Call Options 
(i) 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which 
shall not be less than the nominal amount of such Notes), together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at any time 
(i) from the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date or (ii) if otherwise permitted by the Competent 
Authority, if in either case the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding is the Relevant 
Threshold Percentage or less of the principal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for 
these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 13 and consolidated and 
forming a single series with the Notes shall be deemed to have been originally issued), 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
(iii) 
All Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(c) shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in the notice of redemption given in respect of such Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)(iii). 
(d) 
Redemption due to Taxation 
If as a result of a Tax Law Change that causes a change in the tax treatment of the Notes: 
(i) 
in respect of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of Notes in a Series, the Issuer will be required to pay Additional Amounts with 
respect to payments on the Notes; 
(ii) 
in respect of a redemption following the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of Notes in a Series, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Issuer will be 
required to pay Additional Amounts with respect to payments on the Notes; or  
(iii) 
interest payable on the Notes when paid would not be deductible by the Issuer for 
Netherlands corporate income tax liability purposes,  
then the Issuer may, as its option, having delivered to the Fiscal Agent a copy of an opinion of an 
independent nationally recognised law firm in the Netherlands or other tax adviser in the 
Netherlands experienced in such matters to the effect set out in sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) (as 
applicable), and having given the notice required by Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for 
redemption, at any time, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount (which shall not be less than the nominal amount of such Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption for Regulatory Purposes 
If (i) Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) a Capital Event has occurred 
and is continuing, then the Issuer may, as its option, and having given the notice required by 
Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for redemption, at any time, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (which shall not be less than the nominal amount of 
such Notes). 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may, subject to Condition 6(b) and to applicable law and 
regulation (which at the Issue Date shall include, without limitation, the CRD Directive and the CRR), 
at any time purchase Notes in any manner and at any price. If such purchased Notes are to be

--- Page 282 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
282 
cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(g), they shall be purchased together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons relating to them. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6, and any unmatured Coupons or 
Talons attached to or surrendered with them, will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes, Coupons and 
Talons purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar for cancellation, 
except as otherwise provided for by applicable laws. Notes, Coupons and Talons so surrendered 
shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes, Coupons or Talons shall be permanently and irrevocably discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(g)(v)) or Coupons (save as specified 
in Condition 7(g)(v)), as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, Japanese yen, Renminbi, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option 
of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Wellington, respectively); 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, at the specified office of any Paying Agent by a cheque payable in euro 
drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to T2; 
(iii) 
in the case of Japanese yen, the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account 
with a bank in Japan (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(iv) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the 
Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of SIS Notes will be made irrespective of any present 
or future transfer restrictions and without regard to any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing 
agreement which may be applicable at the time of such payments in freely disposable Swiss francs 
without collection costs in Switzerland and without any restrictions and irrespective of nationality, 
domicile or residence of a holder of a Note or Coupon and without requiring any certification, affidavit 
or the fulfilment of any other formality. 
The receipt by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of 
the funds in Swiss francs in Zurich releases the Issuer from its obligations under the Notes and 
Coupons for the payment of interest and principal due on the respective payment dates to the extent 
of such payment. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agent or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.

--- Page 283 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
283 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close 
of business (A) on the 15th day before the due date for payment thereof or (B) in the case of 
Renminbi, on the fifth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made: 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: in the case of a 
currency other than Renminbi, in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a bank 
mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may 
be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency specified by the payee with 
a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to T2 and, in the case of Japanese yen, the transfer 
shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account with a bank in Japan (in the case of 
payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(B) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to the registered account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifth business day before the due date for 
payment. 
(c) 
AMTNs 
All payments under an AMTN must be made by the Issuer or the Australian Fiscal Agent on its 
behalf: 
(i) 
if the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System, by crediting, on the relevant date on 
which a payment is due, the amount then due to: 
(A) 
the account of Austraclear (as the Holder), in accordance with the Austraclear 
Regulations; or 
(B) 
if requested by Austraclear, the accounts of the persons in whose Security Record (as 
defined in the Austraclear Regulations) an AMTN is recorded, in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations; or 
(ii) 
if the AMTNs are not lodged in the Austraclear System, by transfer to the Australian dollar 
account maintained by the relevant Holder with a bank in Sydney as previously notified by 
the Holder to the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent. If the Holder has not notified the 
Issuer and Australian Fiscal Agent of such an account by close of business on the fifteenth 
calendar day, whether or not such fifteenth calendar day is a business day, before the 
relevant due date of the relevant payment of principal or interest (the “Record Date”), 
payments in respect of the relevant AMTNs will be made by cheque (drawn on a bank in 
Australia), mailed on the business day immediately preceding the relevant date for payment, 
at the Holder’s risk to the registered owner (or to the first named of joint registered owners) 
of such AMTNs at the address appearing in the Australian Register as at the close of 
business on the Record Date. Cheques to be despatched to the nominated address of a 
Holder will in such cases be deemed to have been received by the Holder on the relevant 
payment and no further amount will be payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant AMTNs 
as a result of payment not being received by the Holder on the due date, and in any such 
case, without prejudice to Condition 9.

--- Page 284 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
284 
Payments will be subject to surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of the 
Register if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the AMTNs represented by such 
Certificates. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to such Issuer. 
(e) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and its respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agent, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) for so long as required by the 
Austraclear Regulations, an Australian Fiscal Agent which has been and remains accepted by the 
Reserve Bank of Australia as a participant of the Reserve Bank Information and Transfer System 
and meets such other conditions as are imposed Austraclear from time to time, (iii) a Registrar in 
relation to Registered Notes and an Australian Registrar in relation to AMTNs, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least two major European cities or in one major European city and in London, (vi) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed and (vii) in respect of SIS Notes only, a Paying Agent having a specified office in Switzerland 
(and will at no time maintain a Paying Agent having a specified office outside Switzerland in relation 
to such SIS Notes). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in sub-paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 285 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
285 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes, Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes or Fixed Rate Notes where the total value of the unmatured coupons 
appertaining thereto exceeds the nominal amount of such Note), they should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due 
for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, a 
Fixed Rate Reset Note or (where the total value of the unmatured coupons exceeds the 
minimal amount of such Note) a Fixed Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9). 
(i) 
Non-Business Days 
(i) 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such payment) 
until either: 
(A) 
the next following business day; or

--- Page 286 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
286 
(B) 
the next following business day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date for payment (or for any interest or other sum in 
respect of such payment) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day. If, however, due to any reasonably unforeseen circumstances, any such 
adjusted payment date proves not to be a business day, such that the payment date 
falls in the next calendar month, the holder shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such payment) until the next following business day. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify whether Condition 7(i)(i)(A) or 7(i)(i)(B) is applicable. 
If neither Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Condition 7(i)(i)(A) shall apply. 
(ii) 
In this Condition 7(i), “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro or Renminbi) where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency (which in the 
case of Australian Dollars shall be Sydney and in the case of New Zealand Dollars 
shall be Wellington); 
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settlement of payments in Renminbi in 
Hong Kong; or 
(C) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of interest and principal in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within the Netherlands, or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts of 
interest (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received as interest by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:  
(a) 
in respect of payment of any amount of principal; 
(b) 
presented for payment in the country of incorporation of the Issuer (the “Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction”); 
(c) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within such 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of, or partly by reason of, 
such holder having some connection with the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction of the Issuer other than 
by reason only of holding such Note or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant payment in respect 
thereof; 
(d) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction 
or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party complies, with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that a third party makes a declaration of non-residence or

--- Page 287 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
287 
other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the 
Certificate representing it) or Coupon is presented for payment;  
(e) 
if withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(f) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the 
date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative 
Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to “interest” shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and “interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may 
be payable under this Condition 8. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons 
(which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
five years from the date on which such payment first becomes due. There shall be no prescription period 
for Talons but there shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon 
the claim in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or 7(g). 
10 No Events of Default 
If the Issuer (i) becomes bankrupt (failliet) or (ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purposes of a reconstruction or merger the 
terms of which have previously been approved by a meeting of Holders), the Holder of any Note shall have 
a claim which ranks as provided in Condition 4 for an amount equal to the principal amount of such Notes 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of payment. However, Holders may not 
themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition 
binding on the Issuer under the Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer 
to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising 
from the Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or 
satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Notes or the Coupons, in each case when not 
satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall 
the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash 
or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.  
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in Condition 4 and this Condition 10, shall 
be available to the Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or the 
Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Notes or the Coupons. 
Repayment under the Notes will only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority (to the extent that such permission is required at such time pursuant 
to the Capital Regulations).

--- Page 288 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
288 
11 Meeting of Noteholders, modifications and waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement and (in the case of the AMTNs) the Australian Agency Agreement each 
contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless 
the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of any of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts 
on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates 
or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if 
a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) to vary the currency or currencies of payment 
or denomination of the Notes, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Noteholders or any adjournment of such meeting or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution or (vii) to modify the provisions regarding the status or ranking of the Notes 
referred to in Condition 4, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the 
meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened as a physical meeting, a hybrid meeting or 
a virtual meeting pursuant to the provisions in the Agency Agreement and (in the case of the AMTNs) 
the Australian Agency Agreement.  
The Agency Agreement and Australian Agency Agreement each provides that a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
Except in the case of AMTNs, so long as the Notes are represented by a global Note or a global 
Certificate and any such global Note is held on behalf of, or any global Certificate is registered in 
the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval 
of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through 
the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, in accordance with the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the 
Conditions pursuant to Condition 5(i) or Condition 5(j) to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the

--- Page 289 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
289 
Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be 
made in the circumstances described in Condition 5(i), where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 5(i)(v) or Condition 5(j). 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Exempt Notes, 
prior to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series, by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, the Australian Agency 
Agreement (in the case of AMTNs) or the Conditions, if to do so could not reasonably be expected 
to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement and the Conditions may be amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Registrar or any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent, 
Noteholder or Couponholder, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent may mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the 
interests of the holders.  
The Australian Agency Agreement may be amended by the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Australian Registrar, Australian Calculation Agent or Noteholder for the 
purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision 
contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent may mutually 
deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the interests of the holders. 
Any amendment to these Conditions is subject to the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission 
of the Competent Authority therefor (provided at the relevant time such permission is required to be 
given). 
12 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent (in the case, of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time 
be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by such Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as such 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
13 Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes which have the same terms and conditions as the Notes (except for the Issue Price, 
the Issue Date, nominal amount, and the first Interest Payment Date) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly.

--- Page 290 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
290 
14 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes and AMTNs shall be published in accordance with the 
procedure set out in this Condition 14 for Bearer Notes and shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Alternatively, notices to holders of AMTNs 
may be given by being published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Australia. It is 
expected that such notices will normally be published in the Australian Financial Review. Notices to the 
holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which 
is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort), respectively. If any such publication is not practicable, notice 
shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English-language newspaper with general 
circulation in Europe and the United Kingdom. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published 
in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. 
So long as any tranche of SIS Notes is listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of 
SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of the Notes will be validly given through the Issuing 
and Principal Swiss Paying Agent (a) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX 
Swiss Exchange (https://www.six-group.com/exchanges, where notices are currently published under 
https://www.six-group.com/exchanges/news/official_notices/search_en.html), 
or 
(b) 
otherwise 
in 
accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange, in lieu of publication in the manner provided in 
the previous paragraph. Any notices so given shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of such first publication. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 14. 
15 Acknowledgement of Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers  
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder or Couponholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 15, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or Coupons), by 
its acquisition of the Notes and/or Coupons, each Noteholder and Couponholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Dutch Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be 
bound by: (a) the effect of the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in, inter alia, any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: (i) the write down, reduction, cancellation or other application to absorb losses of all, 
or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes, subject to write-up by the Resolution 
Authority (such loss absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”); (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of 
the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into common equity Tier 1 instruments, shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”); and 
(iii) the amendment or alteration of the nature of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority, in each case all as prescribed by the resolution framework applicable to the Issuer.

--- Page 291 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
291 
No repayment or payment of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable 
or be paid after any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of any Dutch Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent such Relevant Amounts have been 
written down, reduced, cancelled, otherwise applied to absorb losses, converted, amended or altered as 
a result of such exercise. 
No Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of default for any purpose 
and the relevant Noteholders and Couponholders will have no further claims in respect of any Relevant 
Amount so written down, reduced, cancelled, otherwise applied to absorb losses, converted,, amended or 
altered as a result of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of the Dutch 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. Furthermore, any such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
may take place at the point of non-viability and independently of or in combination with a resolution action. 
Upon any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer (or the Resolution 
Authority) will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise. Failure to provide such notice will not have any impact on the 
effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, the Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation or other exercise 
of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers or give Noteholders or Couponholders any rights as a result 
of such failure. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands (and, in the case of Rabobank with respect 
to Rule 144A Notes, the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in New York City, 
the Borough of Manhattan) are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) 
may be brought in such courts. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the 
Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Service of process 
Rabobank irrevocably appoints its New York branch at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York 
10167 as its agent in New York to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
Proceedings in New York. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to the relevant 
process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by Rabobank). If for any reason the 
process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in New York City, 
Rabobank irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify 
Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to 
serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 292 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
292 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial issue of Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will be initially represented by a Global Note, in bearer form 
without Coupons, which will be deposited on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms not to be issued in NGN form, in the case 
of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Global 
Notes will be deposited with a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche; 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms not to be issued in NGN form, in the case 
of a Tranche intended to be cleared through an Alternative Clearing System (as defined in 3.2.2 
below), the Global Notes will be deposited as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes; or 
(c) 
if the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global 
Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. 
In the case of (c) above, or in the case of Global Certificates to be held under the NSS (as the case 
may be) depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
No interest will be payable in respect of a temporary Global Note except as provided below. Each 
Tranche of Notes in registered form will be represented by Certificates and may be represented by a Global 
Certificate. 
Upon deposit of the temporary Global Note(s) (if the Global Note(s) are in CGN form) with the 
Common Depositary or registration of the Registered Notes (in respect of Global Certificates which are not 
held under the NSS) in the name of the nominee for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relevant Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Upon deposit of the temporary Global Note(s) (if the Global Note(s) are in NGN form), the nominal 
amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Certificate which is not held under the NSS and registration of 
Registered Notes in the name of a nominee for DTC and delivery of the relevant Global Certificate to a 
custodian for DTC, DTC will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Any payment due in respect of a Global Note or a Global Certificate will be made to each of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC in respect of the portion of the Global Note or a Global 
Certificate held for its account. An accountholder with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg with an interest 
in a temporary Global Note will be required, in order to have credited to its account any portion of any 
payment, to present a certificate in the form set out in the Agency Agreement substantially to the effect 
that the beneficial owner of the relevant interest in the Global Note is not within the United States or a U.S. 
person as such terms are defined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder.

--- Page 293 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
293 
2 
Relationship of accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any 
other clearing system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must 
look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such clearing system (as the case may be) for 
his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the 
underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the 
Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, 
as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
3.1.1 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Overview of the 
Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined 
and described below; and 
3.1.2 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note 
or Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided below under “Partial Exchange of permanent Global 
Notes”, in part for Definitive Notes or, in the case of 3.2.1 below, Registered Notes: 
3.2.1 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for 
Registered Notes; and 
3.2.2 
otherwise, (1) if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so or (2) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by 
the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange. 
3.3 
Unrestricted Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Unrestricted Notes are to be represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of such Notes represented by any Unrestricted Global

--- Page 294 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
294 
Certificate pursuant to (i) Condition 3(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) 
Condition 3(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes may only be made in part: 
3.3.1 
if such Notes are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so;  
3.3.2 
if principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due; or 
3.3.3 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to 3.3.1 or 3.3.2 above, the 
person entered in the Register as holder of the relevant Registered Notes (“Registered Holder”) has given 
the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to 
effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Restricted Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank are to be represented by a 
Restricted Global Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes represented by that Restricted 
Global Certificate pursuant to (i) Condition 3(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
or (ii) Condition 3(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes may only be made in part: 
3.4.1 
if such Notes are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System (except for DTC) and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; 
3.4.2 
if such Notes are held on behalf of a custodian for DTC and if DTC notifies the Issuer that it 
is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect 
to that Restricted Global Certificate or DTC ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under 
the Exchange Act or is at any time no longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable 
to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice of such ineligibility on the 
part of DTC; 
3.4.3 
if principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due; or 
3.4.4 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to 3.4.1 or 3.4.2 above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. Individual Certificates issued in exchange for a 
beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Certificate shall bear the legend applicable to such Notes as set 
out under “Transfer Restrictions”. 
3.5 
Partial exchange of permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions (1) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and the 
part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes (i) if 
principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due or (ii) if so provided in, and in accordance with, the 
Conditions (which will be set out in the relevant Final Terms) relating to Partly Paid Notes.

--- Page 295 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
295 
3.6 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer 
will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes 
and/or Certificates, as the case may be, or if the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer will procure that details 
of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base 
Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which 
such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in 
respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). 
Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the 
Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so 
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
3.7 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 days after completion of the distribution of the Tranche of which such Note is a part and, in relation to 
a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered 
Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after 
that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city 
in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing 
system is located. 
3.8 
Legend 
Each Global Note and any Bearer Note, Talon, Coupon or Receipt will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code.” 
The sections of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 referred to in the legend provide that a 
United States taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be 
eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any gain realised on any sale, exchange or redemption 
of Bearer Notes or any related Talons, Coupons or Receipts. 
In the case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank, each Restricted Global Certificate and each 
Certificate issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Certificate will bear a legend 
applicable to purchasers who purchase the Registered Notes pursuant to Rule 144A as described under 
“Transfer Restrictions”.

--- Page 296 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
296 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they 
represent, some of which modify the effect of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions as set forth in the Global Notes and, 
where indicated, the Global Certificates: 
4.1 
Payments 
4.1.1 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any temporary Global Note 
unless exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or 
Registered Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note 
issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the Exchange Date will only be made against 
presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN 
form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be 
made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such 
purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed 
on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment 
has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is an NGN or if the Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be 
reduced accordingly. Payments under an NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so 
made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries 
in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose 
of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall 
be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 10(h) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes and Condition 7(i) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Dated 
Subordinated Notes. 
4.1.2 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes registered in the name of, 
or in the name of a nominee for, DTC and denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. Dollars will be made or procured to be made by the Fiscal Agent in the Specified 
Currency in accordance with the following provisions. The amounts in such Specified 
Currency payable by the Fiscal Agent or its agent to DTC with respect to Registered Notes 
held by DTC or its nominee will be received from the Issuer by the Fiscal Agent who will make 
payments in such Specified Currency by wire transfer of same day funds to the designated 
bank account in such Specified Currency of those DTC participants entitled to receive the 
relevant payment who have made an irrevocable election to DTC, in the case of interest 
payments, on or prior to the third DTC business day after the DTC Record Date (as defined 
below under “Record date in respect of Registered Notes”) for the relevant payment of 
interest and, in the case of payments or principal, at least 12 DTC business days prior to the 
relevant payment date, to receive that payment in such Specified Currency. The Fiscal Agent, 
after the Exchange Agent has converted amounts in such Specified Currency into U.S. 
Dollars, will cause the Exchange Agent to deliver such U.S. Dollar amount in same day funds 
to DTC for payment through its settlement system to those DTC participants entitled to 
receive the relevant payment who did not elect to receive such payment in such Specified

--- Page 297 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
297 
Currency. The Agency Agreement sets out the manner in which such conversions are to be 
made. “DTC business day” means any day on which DTC is open for business. 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the date on which such 
payment first becomes due. 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being 
two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled 
to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising 
such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.) 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required to be cancelled 
will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and 
Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer’s option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders 
within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise 
of an option and, accordingly, no drawing of Notes shall be required. If any option of the Issuer is exercised 
in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system 
in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as the case may be) (with such partial redemption to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
4.7 
Noteholders’ options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent 
set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except 
that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the 
option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent 
Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
Where the Global Note is an NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system 
and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly.

--- Page 298 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
298 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the 
circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any 
such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred Notes and Condition 10 of each of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes by stating in the notice 
to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal 
in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented 
by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of a 
Covenant executed by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent on 15 May 2023 to come into effect in relation to 
the whole or a part of such Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled 
to such part of such Global Note or such Registered Notes represented by such Global Certificate, as the 
case may be, as accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the 
Global Note or, as the case may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the register kept 
by the Registrar will become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. 
However, no such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless 
the transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have 
been improperly withheld or refused.  
4.10 Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of 
a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to Noteholders on the day on which it is 
delivered to the relevant clearing system. In addition, so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, notices 
shall also be published in the Euronext Daily Official List and a daily newspaper having general circulation 
in the Netherlands and/or either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or 
in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort). 
4.11 Record Date in respect of Registered Notes 
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes while in global form, other than Registered Notes 
which are to be cleared through DTC, will be made to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered 
on the Register at the close of business on the Record Date which shall be:  
4.11.1 except the case of Registered Notes which are to be cleared through DTC, on the Clearing 
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive, except 25 December and 1 January; and 
4.11.2 in the case of Registered Notes which are to be cleared through DTC, on the 15th DTC 
business day before the due date for payment thereof (the “DTC Record Date”).

--- Page 299 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
299 
5 
Partly Paid Notes 
The provisions relating to Partly Paid Notes are not set out in this Base Prospectus, but will be 
contained in the relevant Final Terms and thereby in the Global Notes. While any instalments of the 
subscription moneys due from the holder of Partly Paid Notes are overdue, no interest in a Global Note 
representing such Notes may be exchanged for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive 
Notes (as the case may be). If any Noteholder fails to pay any instalment due on any Partly Paid Notes 
within the time specified, the Issuer may forfeit such Notes (subject to the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms and relevant provisions of law) and shall have no further obligation to their holder in respect of them. 
6 
AMTNs 
6.1 
Austraclear 
AMTNs will be issued in registered form only, and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register in evidence of which an AMTN Global Certificate will be issued to the Australian 
Register to be held on behalf of the Holders registered in the Australian Register. AMTNs will be registered 
in the name of Austraclear for so long as the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System.  
On issue of any AMTNs, the Issuer may, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, procure that 
the AMTNs are entered into the clearance and settlement system (Austraclear System) operated by 
Austraclear. On entry, Austraclear will become the sole registered Noteholder and legal owner of the 
AMTNs. Subject to the rules and regulations known as the Austraclear Regulations established by 
Austraclear (as amended or replaced from time to time) to govern the use of the Austraclear System, 
together with any directions or instructions, participants of the Austraclear System (“Accountholders”) 
may acquire rights against Austraclear in relation to those AMTNs as beneficial owners and Austraclear is 
required to deal with the AMTNs in accordance with the directions and instructions of the Accountholders. 
Any potential investors who are not Accountholders would need to hold their interest in the relevant AMTNs 
through a nominee who is an Accountholder. All payments by the Issuer in respect of AMTNs entered in 
the Austraclear System will be made directly to an account agreed with Austraclear or as it directs in 
accordance with the Austraclear Regulations. 
6.2 
Holding of AMTNs through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
On entry in the Austraclear System, interests in the AMTNs may be held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. In these circumstances, entitlements in respect of holdings of interests in the 
AMTNs in Euroclear would be held in the Austraclear System by HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) 
Limited as nominee of Euroclear, while entitlements in respect of holdings of interests in the AMTNs in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg would be held in the Austraclear System by JP Morgan Nominees Australia 
Limited as nominee of Clearstream, Luxembourg. The rights of a holder of interests in AMTNs held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are subject to the respective rules and regulations of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the arrangements between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
their respective nominees and the Austraclear Regulations. 
6.3 
Transfers 
Any transfer of AMTNs will be subject to the Australian Corporations Act and the other requirements 
set out in the Conditions and, where the AMTNs are entered in the Austraclear System, the Austraclear 
Regulations. Secondary market sales of AMTNs settled in the Austraclear System will be settled in 
accordance with the Austraclear Regulations. 
6.4 
Relationship of Accountholders with Austraclear 
Accountholders who acquire an interest in AMTNs entered in the Austraclear System must look 
solely to Austraclear for their rights in relation to such AMTNs and will have no claim directly against the

--- Page 300 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
300 
Issuer in respect of such AMTNs although under the Austraclear Regulations, Austraclear may direct the 
Issuer to make payments direct to the relevant Accountholders. 
Where Austraclear is registered as Holder of any AMTNs that are lodged in the Austraclear System, 
Austraclear may, where specified in the Austraclear Regulations, transfer the AMTNs to the person in 
whose Security Record (as defined in the Austraclear Regulations) those AMTNs are recorded and, as a 
consequence, remove those AMTNs from the Austraclear System. 
Potential investors in AMTNs should inform themselves of, and satisfy themselves with, the 
Austraclear Regulations and (where applicable) the rules of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the arrangements between them and their nominees in the Austraclear System. 
7 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then:  
7.1.1 
Other than in relation to AMTNs, approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by 
way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems 
of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all 
purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and 
shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or 
not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
7.1.2 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
Written Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global 
Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant 
clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the 
accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, 
even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by 
the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s 
CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by 
reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document 
to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic.

--- Page 301 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
301 
8 
SIS Notes 
Each Series of SIS Notes will be documented in the form of a permanent Global Note (the “Swiss 
Permanent Global Note”). The Swiss Permanent Global Note will be substantially in the form agreed by 
the Issuer and the relevant Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent, as set out in any supplemental 
agency agreement entered into in connection with the relevant Series. 
The Swiss Permanent Global Note shall be deposited by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent with SIX SIS Ltd or any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX 
Swiss Exchange (SIX SIS Ltd or any such other intermediary, the “Intermediary”). Once the Swiss 
Permanent Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more 
participants of the Intermediary, the Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) 
(“Intermediated Securities”) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Neither the Issuer nor the SIS Noteholders (as defined below) shall at any time have the right to 
effect or demand the conversion of the Permanent Global Note (Globalurkunde) into, or the delivery of, 
uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) or Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere). 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Notes held through each participant 
of that Intermediary. In respect of Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of such 
Notes (the “SIS Noteholders”) will be the persons holding the SIS Notes in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) which is in their name, or in case of intermediaries (Verwatirungsstellen), the 
intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding the SIS Notes for their own account in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) which is in their name. 
No physical delivery of the Notes represented by a SIS Note shall be made unless and until 
Definitive Notes shall have been printed. Notes may only be printed, in whole, but not in part, if the Issuing 
and Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, in its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive Notes 
is necessary or useful or if the presentation of Definitive Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable 
laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights of Noteholders. Should the Issuing and 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of Definitive Notes without cost 
to the SIS Noteholders. If printed, the Definitive Notes shall be issued in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement and the rules and regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange. Where Definitive Notes are delivered, 
the Swiss Global Note will immediately be cancelled by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent and 
the Definitive Notes shall be delivered to the relevant holders against cancellation of the relevant Notes in 
such holders’ securities accounts.

--- Page 302 ---
Use of proceeds 
 
302 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issues of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be used by the Issuer in connection with its banking business, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect to a specific Tranche of Notes. 
The net proceeds from the issues of the Dated Subordinated Notes will be used by the Issuer in 
connection with its general banking business and to strengthen its capital base, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms with respect to a specific Tranche of Notes. 
Green Bonds issued under the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any Green Bond will be used to finance 
and/or refinance, in part or in whole, Eligible Green Assets that comply with the eligibility criteria as set out 
below (the "Eligibility Criteria") and in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework, as 
amended from time to time. The Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework is available on the Issuer’s 
website at www.rabobank.com/about-us/investor-relations/funding-and-capital/sustainable-instruments.   
The envisaged impact of the issue of a Green Bond is a reduction and/or avoidance of gas emissions 
as a result of a lower degree of carbon intensity of the Eligible Green Assets included in the portfolio versus 
the baseline in the Netherlands. The way in which the reduced and/or avoided greenhouse gas emissions 
will be calculated will be clearly outlined in post-issuance reporting documents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework, the Second Party Opinion, 
any reports, verification assessments, opinions, contents or information included therein and on any 
websites mentioned in this “Use of Proceeds" section has not been and will not be incorporated by 
reference in, and therefore, does not and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus and has not been 
reviewed or approved by the AFM.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Eligibility Criteria set out in the Issuer’s Sustainable 
Funding Framework are: 
1. 
Renewable energy: financing or refinancing of the construction or operation of electricity 
generation facilities that: 
(a) 
(co-)produce electricity and/or heat and cool from solar photovoltaic (PV) technology; and/or 
(b) 
produce electricity from concentrated solar power (CSP) technology; and/or 
(c) 
produce electricity from wind power. 
2. 
Green buildings: financing or refinancing of: 
(a) 
residential and non-residential buildings built before 31 December 2020 that comply with 
either of the following criteria: 
(i) 
the building has a valid energy performance certificate of at least A; or 
(ii) 
the building belongs to the top 15 per cent. of national building stock based on primary 
energy demand (“PED”). 
In addition, for existing large non-residential buildings (with an effective rated output for 
heating systems, systems for combined space heating and ventilation, air-conditioning 
systems or systems for combined air-conditioning and ventilation of over 290 kW), it is 
demonstrated to efficiently operate through energy performance monitoring and assessment. 
(b) 
(i) residential and non-residential buildings built after 31 December 2020 for which the PED, 
defining the energy performance of the building resulting from the construction, is at least 10

--- Page 303 ---
Use of proceeds 
 
303 
per cent. lower than the threshold set for the nearly zero-energy building (“NZEB”) 
requirements in the local market and in addition, (ii) buildings larger than 5000m2 only qualify 
if they meet they following additional requirements: (A) upon completion, they undergo testing 
for air-tightness and thermal integrity and (B) the life-cycle global warming potential (“GWP”) 
has been calculated for each stage in the life cycle. 
In addition, existing large non-residential buildings (with an effective rated output for heating 
systems, systems for combined space heating and ventilation, air-conditioning systems or 
systems for combined air-conditioning and ventilation of over 290 kW) only qualify if it is 
demonstrated to efficiently operate through energy performance monitoring and assessment. 
(c) 
(i) construction of new buildings for which the PED, defining the energy performance of the 
building resulting from the construction, is at least 10 per cent. lower than the threshold set 
for the NZEB requirements in the local market and in addition (ii) buildings larger than 5000m2 
only qualify if they meet the following additional requirements: (A) upon completion, they 
undergo testing for air-tightness and thermal integrity and (B) the GWP of the building 
resulting from the construction has been calculated for each stage in the life cycle. 
(d) 
building renovations that comply with either of the following criteria:  
(i) 
compliance with the applicable requirements for major renovations set forth in 
applicable legislation; or 
(ii) 
the renovation leads to a reduction of PED of at least 30 per cent. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection  
Potential Eligible Green Assets financed and/or refinanced through proceeds from any issue of Green 
Bonds are evaluated in accordance with the Eligibility Criteria. In order to identify potential Eligible Green 
Assets, the Issuer may use both internal and external sources. 
Alignment of Eligibility Criteria with the EU Taxonomy Regulation’s substantial contribution criteria 
The Eligibility Criteria ensure, on a best effort basis, that the Eligible Green Assets make a substantial 
contribution to (at least) one of the six environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation, 
taking into account feasible practical applications for the use of proceeds category in question. The 
Eligibility Criteria are consequently based on the substantial contribution criteria of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation and the Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022 amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139 as regards economic activities in certain energy sectors and Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2178 (the “EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”). 
See risk factor entitled “A failure by the Issuer to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of 
any Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Assets and/or any failure to meet the investment 
requirements of certain investors may affect the value and/or trading price of such Green Bonds” for further 
detail.  
Management of Proceeds 
The Issuer will manage the net proceeds from the Green Bonds using a portfolio approach. The Issuer 
intends to allocate these proceeds to an Eligible Green Assets portfolio, selected in accordance with the 
Eligibility Criteria and the process for the project evaluation and selection process as set out in the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Funding Framework. Rabobank’s treasury department oversees the management of 
proceeds. 
The Issuer strives, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Assets portfolio 
that matches, or exceeds, the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds. Unallocated net

--- Page 304 ---
Use of proceeds 
 
304 
proceeds from Green Bonds will be held in Rabobank’s treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short 
term liquid instruments, at Rabobank’s own discretion. 
Reporting 
The Issuer will report on the allocation and the impact at least on an annual basis until full allocation. 
The reporting is based on the Eligible Green Assets portfolio and numbers will be aggregated for all of the 
Issuer’s outstanding Green Bonds. 
The report will include information on a best-efforts basis in line with the allocation and impact 
reporting further specified in the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework. 
The report(s) will be made available on the Issuer’s website at www.rabobank.com/about-us/investor-
relations/funding-and-capital/sustainable-instruments.   
See risk factor entitled “A failure by the Issuer to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of 
any Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Assets and/or any failure to meet the investment 
requirements of certain investors may affect the value and/or trading price of such Green Bonds” for further 
detail.  
External review 
Second party opinion 
The Issuer obtained an independent Second Party Opinion from Sustainalytics dated 9 May 2023 
to assess the alignment of the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework with the Green Bond Principles 
2021 (as described in the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework) (including the updated Appendix of 
June 2022) and the alignment of the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework with the substantial 
contribution criteria of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act. 
The Second Party Opinion has been made available on the Issuer’s website at 
www.rabobank.com/about-us/investor-relations/funding-and-capital/sustainable-instruments.   
See risk factor entitled “A failure by the Issuer to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of 
any Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Assets and/or any failure to meet the investment 
requirements of certain investors may affect the value and/or trading price of such Green Bonds” for further 
information regarding the Second Party Opinion.  
Verification  
The Issuer intends to request, on an annual basis, a limited assurance report on the Eligible Green 
Asset portfolio, provided by its independent auditor (or any subsequent independent auditor) at such time. 
Notice to prospective investors of Green Bonds   
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability of any 
Green Bonds, including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated ‘green’, ‘environmental’, 
‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil 
any green, environmental or sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers is responsible for any Second Party Opinion or any other third-party 
green, environmental and sustainability assessment of the Green Bonds. Prospective investors should 
have regard to the Eligible Green Assets and Eligibility Criteria described in this “Use of Proceeds” section 
or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant 
Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary.

--- Page 305 ---
Use of proceeds 
 
305 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment 
of the Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Green Assets, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Assets 
meet such criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds (or amounts equal thereto) 
or the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular Eligible Green Assets. Investors should refer to 
the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework which the Issuer may publish from time to time, any Second 
Party Opinion delivered in respect thereof, any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer for further 
information. The Issuer’s Sustainable Funding Framework, the Second Party Opinion, any reports, 
verification assessments, opinions, contents or information included therein and (unless otherwise stated) 
on any websites mentioned in this Base Prospectus have not been and will not be incorporated into, and 
will not form part of, this Base Prospectus and neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers make any 
representation as to the suitability or contents thereof.  
Any such Second Party Opinion delivered in connection with the Issuer’s Sustainable Funding 
Framework or any Green Bonds may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of 
the relevant Series of Green Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that 
may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds. Any such Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of its date of issue. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Green Bonds. 
No assurance is or can be provided by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to potential investors 
that the Eligibility Criteria for any Eligible Green Assets to be specified in the relevant Final Terms will 
satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the EU Taxonomy Regulation, within the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy and/or any future delegated regulations at any time or that they will meet all investors’ 
expectations regarding sustainability performance or continue to meet the relevant Eligibility Criteria. 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation and EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy may change over time. 
There is a possibility that the Eligible Green Assets and any sustainability framework(s) that the Issuer may 
publish from time to time may no longer align with the EU Taxonomy Regulation and/or EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy in the future.

--- Page 306 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
306 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Bearer Notes 
The Issuer may make applications in respect of Notes in CGN form to Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear for acceptance in their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Series of Bearer 
Notes. In respect of Bearer Notes in CGN form, a temporary Global Note and/or a permanent Global Note 
in bearer form without coupons may be deposited with a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear or an Alternative Clearing System as agreed between the Issuer and Dealer. Transfers 
of interests in such temporary Global Notes in CGN form or permanent Global Notes in CGN form will be 
made in accordance with the normal Euromarket debt securities operating procedures of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or, if appropriate, the Alternative Clearing System. The Issuer may make 
applications in respect of Notes in NGN form, to the Common Safekeeper for acceptance in its book-entry 
systems in respect of any Series of Bearer Notes. In respect of Bearer Notes in NGN form, a temporary 
Global Note and/or a permanent Global Note in bearer form without coupons will be deposited with the 
Common Safekeeper. Transfers of interests in such temporary Global Notes in NGN form, or permanent 
Global Notes in NGN form will be made in accordance with the normal operating procedures of the 
Common Safekeeper. Each Global Note deposited with the Common Safekeeper or with a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, elect that a temporary Global Note or a permanent Global Note 
issued in CGN form or NGN form may be exchanged for a temporary Global Note or a permanent Global 
Note issued in NGN form or CGN form (as the case may be), in accordance with the practices and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Any such exchange shall be effected at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer and shall not modify or amend the terms and conditions of the relevant series of 
Notes, including the principal amount, the rate of interest and the date or frequency of any interest payment 
dates. Save as may be required under the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law and regulation, the 
Issuer does not intend to seek the consent of Noteholders in connection with any such exchange. 
Registered Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of the Notes to be represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate or (in the case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank) a Restricted Global Certificate. Each 
Unrestricted Global Certificate or (in the case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank) Restricted Global 
Certificate deposited with (i) (in respect of Registered Notes which are not held under the NSS) a Common 
Depositary on behalf of, or (ii) (in respect of Registered Notes which are held under the NSS) a Common 
Safekeeper on behalf of, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear will have an ISIN and a Common 
Code. 
Rabobank and a relevant U.S. agent appointed for such purpose that is an eligible DTC participant 
may make application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry settlement system of the Registered Notes 
issued by Rabobank represented by a Restricted Global Certificate. Each such Restricted Global 
Certificate will have a CUSIP number. Each Restricted Global Certificate will be subject to restrictions on 
transfer contained in a legend appearing on the front of such Global Certificate, as set out under “Transfer 
Restrictions”. In certain circumstances, as described below in “Transfers of Registered Notes”, transfers 
of interests in a Restricted Global Certificate may be made as a result of which such legend may no longer 
be required. 
In the case of a Tranche of Registered Notes to be cleared through the facilities of DTC, the 
custodian, with whom the Restricted Global Certificates are deposited, and DTC will electronically record 
the nominal amount of the Restricted Notes held within the DTC system. Investors in Notes of such 
Tranche may hold their beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate only through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. Investors may hold their beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Certificate

--- Page 307 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
307 
directly through DTC if they are participants in the DTC system, or indirectly through organisations which 
are participants in such system. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest on, each Restricted Global Certificate registered in the 
name of DTC’s nominee will be to or to the order of its nominee as the registered owner of such Restricted 
Global Certificate. Rabobank expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such payment, will immediately 
credit DTC participants’ accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial 
interests in the nominal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificate as shown on the records of 
DTC or the nominee. Rabobank also expects that payments by DTC participants to owners of beneficial 
interests in such Restricted Global Certificate held through such DTC participants will be governed by 
standing instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the 
responsibility of such DTC participants. None of Rabobank, any Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account 
of ownership interests in the Restricted Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such ownership interests. 
All Registered Notes will initially be in the form of an Unrestricted Global Certificate and/or (in the 
case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank) a Restricted Global Certificate. Individual Certificates will 
only be available, in the case of Notes initially represented by an Unrestricted Global Certificate, in amounts 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and, in the case of Notes initially represented by a Restricted Global 
Certificate, in amounts of U.S.$100,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s)), or higher integral multiples of U.S.$1,000, in certain limited circumstances 
described below. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Transfers of interests in Global Certificates within DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. The 
laws of some states in the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive 
form of securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Restricted Global Certificate to such 
persons may be limited. Because DTC can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of 
indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate to pledge 
such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of 
such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate may only be held through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. In the case of Registered Notes to be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, transfers may be made at any time by a holder of an interest in an Unrestricted 
Global Certificate to a transferee who wishes to take delivery of such interest through the Restricted Global 
Certificate for the same Series of Notes, provided that any such transfer made on or prior to the expiration 
of the distribution compliance period (as used in “Plan of Distribution”) relating to the Notes represented 
by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon receipt by the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent of a written certificate from Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (based on 
a written certificate from the transferor of such interest), to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 
144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable 
securities law of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Any such transfer made thereafter 
of the Notes represented by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon request through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear by the holder of an interest in the Unrestricted Global Certificate to 
the Fiscal Agent of details of that account at either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC to be 
credited with the relevant interest in the Restricted Global Certificate. Transfers at any time by a holder of 
any interest in the Restricted Global Certificate to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through

--- Page 308 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
308 
an Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon delivery to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
of a certificate setting forth compliance with the provisions of Regulation S and giving details of the account 
at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and/or DTC to be credited and debited, 
respectively, with an interest in the relevant Global Certificates. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described 
above and under “Transfer Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and 
directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be 
effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the 
custodian, the Registrar and the Fiscal Agent. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders 
in Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants 
in DTC will generally have a settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2) (or one business 
day, following the occurrence of the Settlement Cycle Effective Date (as defined below)). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because 
there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on 
the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Certificates will be effected through the Fiscal Agent, 
the custodian and the Registrar receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) from the 
transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. Transfers will be effected on the later of (i) two business days after the trade 
date for the disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Certificate resulting in such transfer and (ii) two 
business days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of the necessary 
certification or information to effect such transfer. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a 
delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements 
for payment must be made separately. 
For a further description of restrictions on transfer of Registered Notes, see “Transfer Restrictions”. 
DTC has advised Rabobank that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of 
Registered Notes (including, without limitation, the presentation of Restricted Global Certificates for 
exchange as described above) only at the direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC 
interests in Restricted Global Certificates are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificates as to which such participant or participants 
has or have given such direction. However, in the circumstances described above, DTC will surrender the 
relevant Restricted Global Certificates for exchange for individual Certificates (which will, in the case of 
Restricted Notes, bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
DTC has advised Rabobank as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under 
the laws of the State of New York, a “banking organisation” under the laws of the State of New York, a 
member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New 
York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of section 
17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions between participants through electronic computerised book-entry 
changes in accounts of its participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. 
Direct participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations 
and certain other organisations. Indirect access to DTC is available to others, such as banks, securities 
brokers, dealers and trust companies, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC 
direct participant, either directly or indirectly.

--- Page 309 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
309 
Although DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures 
in order to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Certificates among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform 
or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. Neither 
the Issuer nor any Paying Agent nor any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for the performance 
by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
While a Restricted Global Certificate is lodged with DTC or the custodian, Restricted Notes 
represented by individual Certificates will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
Individual Certificates 
Registration of title to Registered Notes in a name other than a depositary or its nominee for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or for DTC will be permitted only (i) in the case of Restricted 
Global Certificates in the circumstances set forth in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in 
Global Form –Exchange –Restricted Global Certificates” or (ii) in the case of Unrestricted Global 
Certificates in the circumstances set forth in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global 
Form –Exchange –Unrestricted Global Certificates”. In such circumstances, the Issuer will cause sufficient 
individual Certificates to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and 
despatch to the relevant Noteholder(s). A person having an interest in a Global Certificate must provide 
the Registrar with: 
(a) 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the Registrar 
may require to complete, execute and deliver such individual Certificates; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Restricted Global Certificate only, a fully completed, signed certification substantially 
to the effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring its interest at the time of such exchange, 
or in the case of a simultaneous resale pursuant to Rule 144A, a certification that the transfer is 
being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A. Individual Certificates issued pursuant 
to this paragraph (a) shall bear the legends applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A. 
Pre-issue trades settlement 
Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades in the United States secondary market generally are 
required to settle in two business days, unless the parties to that trade expressly agree otherwise. Effective 
on 28 May 2024 (the “Settlement Cycle Effective Date”), the standard settlement cycle under Rule 15c6-
1 will be shortened from two business days to one business day. The Issuer expects that delivery of the 
Notes will be made against payment for the Notes on the settlement date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, which may be more than two business days (or, on or after the Settlement Cycle Effective Date, 
one business day) following the pricing date. Accordingly, if the initial settlement of the Notes occurs more 
than two business days (or, on or after the Settlement Cycle Effective Date, one business day) after the 
pricing date, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes on any date prior to two business days (or, on or after 
the Settlement Cycle Effective Date, one business day) before delivery will be required to specify an 
alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement and should consult 
their own advisors. Settlement procedures in other countries will vary. Purchases of Notes may be affected 
by such local settlement practices and purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes between the date of 
pricing and the relevant Issue Date should consult their own advisors. 
General 
For a listing on Euronext Amsterdam, Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer 
B.V. or its legal successor will be involved in clearing and settlement.

--- Page 310 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
310 
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OF RABOBANK GROUP  
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
General 
Rabobank Group is an international financial services provider operating on the basis of cooperative 
principles. Rabobank Group comprises Rabobank as the top holding entity together with its subsidiaries in 
the Netherlands and abroad. Rabobank Group operates in 37 countries. Its operations include Domestic 
Retail Banking (“DRB”), Wholesale & Rural (“W&R”), Leasing and Property Development. In the 
Netherlands, its focus is on maintaining Rabobank Group’s position in the Dutch market and, 
internationally, on food and agriculture. 
Rabobank Group’s cooperative core business is carried out by the local Rabobanks. With 144 
offices as at 31 December 2022, the local Rabobanks form a dense banking network in the Netherlands. 
Together the local Rabobanks serve approximately 8.3 million private customers, and approximately 0.8 
million corporate clients, offering a comprehensive package of financial services. Clients can become 
members of Rabobank. 
Historically, Rabobank Group has engaged primarily in lending to the agricultural and horticultural 
sectors in the Dutch market. Since the 1990s, Rabobank Group has also offered a wide variety of 
commercial banking and other financial services not only in the Netherlands but also internationally. As 
part of an on-going programme, Rabobank Group has increased both the number and type of products 
and services available to its customers in order to diversify from a traditional savings and mortgage-based 
business to become a provider of a full range of financial products and services, both in the Netherlands 
and internationally. Rabobank Group provides an integrated range of financial services comprising 
primarily DRB, W&R, Leasing, Property Development and distribution of insurance products to a wide 
range of both individual and corporate customers. 
As at 31 December 2022, Rabobank Group had total assets of €628.5 billion, a private sector loan 
portfolio of €432.1 billion, deposits from customers of €396.5 billion (of which savings deposits totalled 
€158.6 billion) and equity of €46.4 billion. Of the private sector loan portfolio, €204.4 billion, virtually all of 
which were mortgages, consisted of loans to private individuals, €114.4 billion of loans to the trade, industry 
and services sector and €113.3 billion of loans to the food and agriculture sector. As at 31 December 2022, 
its CET1 Ratio, which is the ratio between Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and total risk-weighted assets, 
was 16.0 per cent. and its capital ratio, which is the ratio between qualifying capital and total risk-weighted 
assets, was 21.1 per cent. Rabobank Group’s cost/income ratio, which is the ratio between total operating 
expenses (regulatory levies included) and total income, was 63.9 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2022 and 63.8 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021. Rabobank Group realised a net profit of 
€2,786 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. As at 31 December 2022, Rabobank Group 
employed 46,959 employees (internal and external full-time employees (“FTEs”)). 
The return on equity (“RoE”) is calculated by dividing the net profit by the average equity in the reporting 
year. For the year ended 31 December 2022, Rabobank’s RoE was 6.2 per cent. As at 31 December 2021, 
it was 8.8 per cent.

--- Page 311 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
311 
Group overview 
The overview below provides an overview of the business of Rabobank Group. The figures 
presented in the overview are provided as at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 312 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
312 
 
Business activities of Rabobank Group 
Through the local Rabobanks, Rabobank and its other subsidiaries, Rabobank Group provides 
services in the following core business areas: Domestic Retail Banking, W&R, Leasing and Property 
Development. 
Domestic Retail Banking 
DRB comprises the local Rabobanks and Obvion N.V. (“Obvion”). In the Netherlands, Rabobank is 
a significant mortgage bank, savings bank and insurance agent. Based on internal estimates, Rabobank 
believes it is also the leading bank for the small and medium-sized enterprises sector in the Netherlands. 
Obvion focuses exclusively on collaboration with independent brokers. 
As at 31 December 2022, DRB had total external assets of €277.0 billion, a private sector loan 
portfolio of €274.0 billion, deposits from customers of €320.1 billion (of which savings deposits totalled 
€152.9 billion). For the year ended 31 December 2022, DRB accounted for 53 per cent, or €6,375 million, 
of Rabobank Group’s total income and 63 per cent., or €1,745 million, of Rabobank Group’s net profit. As 
at 31 December 2022, DRB employed 29,308 FTEs. 
Local Rabobanks 
Proximity and commitment to their clients enhance the local Rabobanks’ responsiveness and speed 
of decision-making. Their commitment is reflected in their close ties with local associations and institutions. 
The local Rabobanks are committed to providing maximum service to their clients by making optimum use 
of different distribution channels, such as branch offices, the internet and mobile telephones. Many private 
individuals have current, savings or investment accounts or mortgages with the local Rabobanks. The local 
Rabobanks constitute a major financier of Dutch industry, from small high street shops to listed enterprises. 
Furthermore, the local Rabobanks traditionally have had close ties with the agricultural sector. 
Obvion 
Obvion is a provider of mortgages and a number of service products, including guarantees and 
bridging loans. Obvion focuses exclusively on collaboration with independent brokers.

--- Page 313 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
313 
Wholesale & Rural 
 W&R focuses its activities on the food and agri sector and has an international network of branches 
with offices and subsidiaries in various countries. Rabobank also operates RaboDirect internet savings 
banks. The wholesale banking division serves the largest domestic and international companies 
(Corporates, Financial Institutions, Traders and Private Equity). Rural banking is focused on offering 
financial solutions for the specific needs of leading farmers and their communities in a selected number of 
key Food & Agri countries. The total number of internal and external employees in W&R stood at 10,431 
FTEs at year-end 2022. 
All sectors in the Netherlands are being serviced, while outside the Netherlands Rabobank focuses 
on the Food & Agri and trade-related sectors. Internationally, Rabobank Group services food & agri clients, 
ranging from growers to the industrial sector, through its global network of branches. Rabobank Group 
services the entire food value chain, with specialists per sector. Rabobank Group advises its clients and 
prospects in these sectors by offering them finance, knowledge and its network. Rabobank is active in the 
main food-producing countries such as the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil and main food 
consumption countries. 
As at 31 December 2022, W&R had total external assets of €154.2 billion and a private sector loan 
portfolio of €119.8 billion. For the year ended 31 December 2022, W&R accounted for 31 per cent., or 
€3,766 million, of Rabobank Group’s total income and 37 per cent., or €1,029 million, of Rabobank Group’s 
net profit. 
Leasing 
Within Rabobank, DLL is the entity responsible for Rabobank Group’s Leasing business supporting 
manufacturers and distributors selling products and services worldwide with vendor finance. DLL, active in 
more than 25 countries and 9 industries, is a global provider of asset-based financial solutions in the 
agriculture, food, healthcare, clean technology, transportation, construction, industrial, office equipment 
and technology industries. DLL is committed to delivering integrated financial solutions that support the 
complete asset life cycle. As of 31 December 2022, DLL employed 5,536 FTEs (including external staff). 
Rabobank owned a 100 per cent. equity interest in DLL as at 31 December 2022. Its issued share 
capital amounted to €98,470,308 as at 31 December 2022, all of which is owned by Rabobank. As at 31 
December 2022, Rabobank’s liabilities to DLL amounted to €1,375 million. As at 31 December 2022, 
Rabobank’s claims on DLL amounted to €32,004 million (loans, current accounts, financial assets and 
derivatives).  
As at 31 December 2022, DLL had a private sector loan portfolio of €37.7 billion. For the year ended 
31 December 2022, DLL accounted for 14 per cent., or €1,712 million, of Rabobank Group’s total income 
and 12 per cent., or €335 million, of Rabobank Group’s net profit. 
Property Development 
The Property Development segment results almost completely comprise the results of Bouwfonds 
Property Development (“BPD”). Responsible for developing residential real estate areas, BPD focuses on 
residential areas, multifunctional projects and public facilities. BPD has been positioned as a direct 
subsidiary of Rabobank since 1 July 2017. As of 31 December 2022, the Property Development segment 
employed 792 FTEs (including external staff). 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, BPD sold 6,081 houses. The loan portfolio of the Property 
Development segment amounted to €0.1 billion. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Property 
Development segment accounted for 2 per cent., or €297 million, of Rabobank Group’s total income and 
4 per cent., or €117 million, of Rabobank Group’s net profit.

--- Page 314 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
314 
Participations 
As of 31 December 2022, Rabobank held a 31 per cent. interest in Achmea B.V. (“Achmea”). 
Rabobank does not exercise control over Achmea and therefore does not consolidate Achmea as a 
subsidiary in Rabobank’s audited consolidated financial statements. Achmea is accounted for as an 
associate in Rabobank’s audited consolidated financial statements in accordance with the equity method. 
Achmea is a major insurance company in the Netherlands, where it serves a broad customer base of 
private individuals as well as government agencies and corporate clients. Achmea occupies a relatively 
minor position outside the Netherlands, operating in four other European countries and Australia. 
Rabobank and Achmea work closely together in the area of insurance. 
Rabobank’s credit ratings  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Rabobank has, at its request, been assigned the following 
ratings: S&P (“A+”), Moody’s (“Aa2”), Fitch (“A+”) and DBRS (“AA (low)”). Rabobank’s outlook with S&P, 
Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS is “Stable”.  
As defined by S&P, an obligation rated ‘A’ have a strong capacity to meet financial commitments, 
but are somewhat susceptible to economic conditions and changes in circumstances. The ‘A’ rating is 
modified by the addition of a plus (+) sign to show relative standing within the ‘A’ rating categories. 
As defined by Moody’s, an obligation rated ‘Aa2’ is judged to be of high quality and are subject to 
very low credit risk. The modifier ‘2’ indicates a mid-range ranking of that generic rating category.  
As defined by Fitch, an obligation rated ‘A’ denotes expectation of low default risk. It indicates strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to 
adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifier “+” appended to 
the rating denotes relative status within major rating categories. 
As defined by DBRS, an obligation rated “AA” reflects a superior credit quality. The capacity for 
payment of financial obligations is considered high. Credit quality differs from AAA only to a small degree. 
Unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events.  
All the rating agencies view Rabobank’s leading position in the Dutch banking sector and the 
International Food and Agri sector as important rating drivers. The Rating Agencies also note Rabobank’s 
significant equity and subordinated debt, which is an important factor in determining the Group’s ratings. 
A rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely direction of an issuer’s rating over the medium 
term. Actual or anticipated declines in Rabobank’s credit ratings may affect the market value of the Notes. 
There is no assurance that a rating will remain unchanged during the term of the Notes of any series. 
The ratings represent the relevant rating agency’s assessment of Rabobank’s financial condition 
and ability to pay its obligations, and do not reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to the Notes. 
Any rating assigned to the long-term unsecured debt of Rabobank does not affect or address the likely 
performance of the Notes other than Rabobank’s ability to meet its obligations. 
Rabobank Group’s access to the unsecured funding markets is dependent on its credit ratings. A 
downgrading or announcement of a potential downgrade in its credit ratings, as a result of a change in the 
agency’s view of Rabobank, its industry outlook, sovereign rating, rating methodology or otherwise, could 
adversely affect Rabobank Group’s access to liquidity alternatives and its competitive position, and could 
increase the cost of funding or trigger additional collateral requirements all of which could have a material 
adverse effect on Rabobank Group’s results of operations. 
Strategy of Rabobank Group  
The Issuer is currently still reviewing its current Strategic Framework that has been in place since 
2015. In 2022, Rabobank continued the implementation of its current Strategic Framework, which

--- Page 315 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
315 
describes how it wants to achieve its ambitions. This strategy provides a sharpened focus on improving 
customer service and realising a fundamental improvement in financial performance across Rabobank in 
order to safeguard its future success. To fulfil its ambitions for the coming years, Rabobank is focusing on 
the following three core objectives. 
1. 
Excellent customer focus. In the Netherlands, Rabobank strives to be the most customer-focused 
bank in the country and Rabobank aims for a sharp increase in customer satisfaction outside the 
Netherlands as well. The management of Rabobank believes that this is where its strength and 
distinctiveness lie. Rabobank expects to undergo a fundamental transformation in the coming years 
in terms of working methods, culture, attitudes and conduct. By doing so, Rabobank is responding 
to changes in customer needs, the uncertain economic climate, expectations of society and the 
stricter requirements of regulators. Rabobank wants to become the most customer-focused bank in 
the Netherlands and in the food & agriculture sector internationally by excelling in basic services, 
being the closest to its customers at key moments and fulfilling its role as a financial partner serving 
Rabobank’s customers. This will enable Rabobank to expand its services as an intermediary, for 
example in the fields of crowdfunding and working with institutional investors.  
2. 
Increased flexibility and reduction of the balance sheet. In the years to come, Rabobank anticipates 
a further tightening of the regulatory environment. For example, the implementation of the proposed 
reforms to Basel III and implementation of MREL require Rabobank’s balance sheet to be more 
flexible. Rabobank wants to achieve balance sheet optimisation by, among other things, placing 
parts of its loan portfolio with external parties and maintaining a liquidity buffer that is in line with the 
reduced balance sheet total. Rabobank is carefully monitoring ongoing developments with regard 
to the pending Basel regulations, the final outcome of which will ultimately determine the extent of 
the required balance sheet reduction. 
3. 
Performance improvement. Rabobank aims to improve its performance by improvements in 
efficiency and cost reductions within Rabobank’s central organisation, the local Rabobanks and the 
international organisation. The improvement should be effected by both higher revenues and lower 
costs through increasing efficiency and new ways of working (e.g. increased digitalisation and more 
flexible working spaces).  
Implementation accelerators 
The strategy calls for a substantial transformation of Rabobank. In view of the challenges Rabobank 
faces, Rabobank has identified three accelerators to realise and strengthen the transformation: 
1. 
Strengthening innovation: Innovation allows Rabobank to improve its services and respond rapidly 
to opportunities in the market. In addition, innovation is essential to provide support to Rabobank’s 
customers. 
2. 
Empowering employees: Achieving the strategic objectives will require a transformation into an 
organisation in which there is scope for professionalism and entrepreneurship, with a continual 
focus on development and training, employee diversity and a good, learning corporate culture. 
3. 
Creating a better cooperative organisation: The new governance structure (see “Structure and 
Governance of Rabobank Group”) will contribute to the transformation that Rabobank as an 
organisation must go through to fulfil its strategy. This will allow an organisation to emerge that is 
flexible for the future and centres on maximum local entrepreneurship. 
Strategy implementation 
The current Strategic Framework initiated a group-wide transition process consisting of a wide range 
of change initiatives that impact Rabobank’s organisational structure, the way it works and the way it serves 
its customers. The strategic implementation agenda was designed along four strategic pillars: Complete

--- Page 316 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
316 
customer focus, Rock-solid bank, Meaningful cooperative and Empowered employees. The transition 
process has been dynamic and continues to be adjusted based on evolving circumstances. 
An integrated process for the coordination of the transition is essential to ensure timely and coherent 
implementation of the strategic goals. This process began in 2016 and is continuing. Strategy 
implementation is facilitated by a central oversight and coordination office for performance and strategic 
initiatives, which reports frequently to the Managing Board, Supervisory Board and supervisors. Processes 
have been established to ensure short-cycle steering by the Managing Board members in their respective 
domains, based on goals that have been translated into concrete activities, key performance indicators 
(“KPI”) and clearly allocated responsibilities. This approach enables the line organisation to remain in the 
lead of the transition process. 
Competition in the Netherlands 
Rabobank Group competes in the Netherlands with several other large commercial banks such as 
ABN AMRO and ING Group, with insurance companies and pension funds and also with smaller financial 
institutions in specific markets. Rabobank Group expects competition in the Dutch savings market to 
continue. 
The Dutch mortgage loan market is highly competitive. Driven by the tax deductibility of mortgage 
loan interest payments, Dutch homeowners usually take out relatively high mortgage loans. This does not 
necessarily indicate a high risk for banks with mortgage-lending operations. The local Rabobanks and 
Obvion have a balanced mortgage loan portfolio. Historically, mortgage lending in the Netherlands has 
been relatively low risk and all mortgage loans are collateralised. Mortgage loan defaults do not occur 
frequently, either in Rabobank Group’s mortgage-lending operations or in the Netherlands generally. 
Almost all mortgages in the Netherlands have a maturity of 30 years. Generally, mortgages have a long-
term (greater than five years) fixed interest rate, after which period the rate is reset at the current market 
rate. Customers generally only have the option to prepay a certain percentage on the principal amount on 
their mortgage loan without incurring a penalty fee, thus reducing the interest rate risks related to mortgage 
loan refinancing for Rabobank Group. 
Market Shares in the Netherlands 
Rabobank Group offers a comprehensive package of financial products and services in the 
Netherlands. Set forth below is information regarding Rabobank Group’s shares in selected markets. The 
percentages of market share should be read as percentages of the relevant Dutch market as a whole. 
Residential mortgages: As at 31 December 2022, Rabobank Group had a market share of 16.9 per 
cent. of the total amount of new home mortgages in the Dutch mortgage market by value (11.1 per cent. 
by local Rabobanks, 4.8 per cent. by Obvion, and 1.0 per cent. by Vista; source: Dutch Land Registry 
Office (Kadaster)). Rabobank Group is the largest mortgage-lending institution in the Netherlands 
(measured by Rabobank’s own surveys). 
Saving deposits of individuals: As at 31 December 2022, Rabobank Group had a market share of 
34.95 per cent. of the Dutch savings market (source: Statistics Netherlands (Centraal Bureau voor de 
Statistiek)). Rabobank Group is one of the largest savings institutions in the Netherlands measured as a 
percentage of the amount of saving deposits (source: Statistics Netherlands).  
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Rabobank and the local Rabobanks typically own the land and buildings used in the ordinary course 
of their business activities in the Netherlands. Outside the Netherlands, some Group entities also own the 
land and buildings used in the ordinary course of their business activities. In addition, Rabobank Group’s 
investment portfolio includes investments in land and buildings. Rabobank Group believes that its facilities 
are adequate for its present needs in all material respects. The table below provides an overview of 
Rabobank Group’s material owned facilities:

--- Page 317 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
317 
Location 
Country 
Owned / Rented 
Encumbrances 
Croeselaan 18 – 22, Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
Owned 
None 
Bloemmolen 2 – 4, Boxtel 
The Netherlands 
Owned 
None 
 
Material Contracts 
There are no contracts, other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, to which 
Rabobank or any member of Rabobank Group is party, for the two years prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus that are material to Rabobank Group as a whole. There are no other contracts (not being 
contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) entered into by any member of Rabobank Group 
which contain any provision under which any member of Rabobank Group has any obligation or entitlement 
which is material to Rabobank Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Insurance 
On behalf of all entities of Rabobank Group, Rabobank has taken out a group policy that is 
customary for the financial industry taking into consideration the scope and complexity of the business of 
Rabobank Group. Rabobank Group is of the opinion that this insurance, which is banker’s blanket and 
professional indemnity, is of an adequate level for the business of Rabobank Group. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Rabobank Group is active in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to substantial risk 
of litigation. As a result, Rabobank Group is involved in legal cases, arbitrations and regulatory proceedings 
in the Netherlands and in other countries, including the United States. The most relevant legal and 
regulatory claims which could give rise to liability on the part of Rabobank Group are described on pages 
184, 185, and 186 in Rabobank Group’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022, including the notes thereto, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. In 
addition, see the risk factor “Legal Risk” in the “Risk Management” section of this Base Prospectus. If it 
appears necessary on the basis of the applicable reporting criteria, provisions are made based on current 
information; similar types of cases are grouped together and some cases may also consist of a number of 
claims. The estimated loss for each individual case (for which it is possible to make a realistic estimate) is 
not reported, because Rabobank Group feels that information of this type could be detrimental to the 
outcome of individual cases. 
When determining which of the claims is more likely than not (i.e., with a likelihood of over 50 per 
cent.) to lead to an outflow of funds, Rabobank Group takes several factors into account. These include 
(but are not limited to) the type of claim and the underlying facts; the procedural process and history of 
each case; rulings from legal and arbitration bodies; Rabobank Group’s experience and that of third parties 
in similar cases (if known); previous settlement discussions; third party settlements in similar cases (where 
known); available indemnities; and the advice and opinions of legal advisers and other experts. 
The estimated potential losses, and the existing provisions, are based on the information available 
at the time and are for the main part subject to judgements and a number of different assumptions, 
variables and known and unknown uncertainties. These uncertainties may include the inaccuracy or 
incompleteness of the information available to Rabobank Group (especially in the early stages of a case). 
In addition, assumptions made by Rabobank Group about the future rulings of legal or other instances or 
the likely actions or attitudes of supervisory bodies or the parties opposing Rabobank Group may turn out 
to be incorrect. Furthermore, estimates of potential losses relating to the relevant disputes are often 
impossible to process using statistical or other quantitative analysis instruments that are generally used to 
make judgements and estimates. They are then subject to a still greater level of uncertainty than many 
other areas where Rabobank Group needs to make judgements and estimates.

--- Page 318 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
318 
The group of cases for which Rabobank Group determines that the risk of future outflows of funds 
is higher than 50 per cent. varies over time, as do the number of cases for which Rabobank can estimate 
the potential loss. In practice, the end results could turn out considerably higher or lower than the estimates 
of potential losses in those cases where an estimate was made. Rabobank Group can also sustain losses 
from legal risks where the occurrence of a loss may not be probable, but is not improbable either, and for 
which no provisions have been recognised. For those cases where (a) the possibility of an outflow of funds 
is less likely than not but also not remote or (b) the possibility of an outflow of funds is more likely than not 
but the potential loss cannot be estimated, a contingent liability is shown. 
Rabobank Group may settle legal cases or regulatory proceedings or investigations before any fine 
is imposed or liability is determined. Reasons for settling could include (i) the wish to avoid costs and/or 
management effort at this level, (ii) to avoid other adverse business consequences and/or (iii) to pre-empt 
the regulatory or reputational consequences of continuing with disputes relating to liability, even if 
Rabobank Group believes it has good arguments in its defence. Furthermore, Rabobank Group may, for 
the same reasons, compensate third parties for their losses, even in situations where Rabobank Group 
does not believe that it is legally required to do so. 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which Rabobank is aware), during the 12 months prior to the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the past, significant effects on Rabobank and 
Rabobank Group’s financial position or profitability are described under “Legal and arbitration proceedings” 
in Rabobank Group’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
including the notes thereto, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. In addition, see the risk 
factor “Legal risk” in the “Risk Management” section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 319 ---
Structure and Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
319 
STRUCTURE AND GOVERNANCE OF RABOBANK GROUP 
Rabobank Group legal structure 
Rabobank Group comprises Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and the legal entities and companies 
affiliated with it in a group within the meaning of article 2:24b of the Dutch Civil Code. Rabobank has the 
legal form of a cooperative with excluded liability (Coöperatieve U.A.) and has its executive head office in 
Utrecht (Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB), the Netherlands. Its statutory seat is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
Rabobank uses various tradenames.1 
As a cooperative, Rabobank has members but no shareholders. Customers of the local banks of 
Rabobank have the opportunity to become members of Rabobank in the Netherlands. Members play an 
important role in the bank’s governance – see “Member influence in the cooperative governance of 
Rabobank” below. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Rabobank has approximately 2.2 million 
members. Members do not make capital contributions to Rabobank and do not have claims on the equity 
of Rabobank. Any liability of members or former members to contribute to any deficit of Rabobank is 
excluded. 
Rabobank has issued participation rights (“Participations”) to a foundation (Stichting AK Rabobank 
Certificaten (“STAK”)), which in turn has issued corresponding Rabobank certificates. These Rabobank 
certificates are part of the equity of Rabobank, but neither STAK nor holders of the Rabobank certificates 
have voting rights in Rabobank. 
Rabobank has multiple Dutch and foreign subsidiaries with different legal structures. An overview 
of the companies in which Rabobank holds a capital interest of 20 per cent. or more is published on the 
Rabobank website.2 
 
 
1 https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/list-of-trade-names-of-rabobank-and-local-rabobanks.pdf  
2 https://media.rabobank.com/m/658afa695b814850/original/List-of-Interests-2022-EN.pdf

--- Page 320 ---
Structure and Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
320 
Corporate purpose 
The objective of a cooperative is to provide for certain material needs of its members. Pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Rabobank Articles, the corporate object of Rabobank is to promote the interests of its 
members and to do so by: 
(i) 
conducting a banking business, providing other financial services, and, in that context, 
concluding agreements with its members; 
(ii) 
participating in, otherwise assuming an interest in, and managing other enterprises of any 
nature whatsoever, and financing third parties, providing security in any way whatsoever or 
guaranteeing the obligations of third parties; 
(iii) 
contributing to society, including promoting economic and social initiatives and developments; 
and 
(iv) 
performing any activities which are incidental to or may be conducive to this object. 
Rabobank also extends its activities to parties other than its members.  
Member influence in the cooperative governance of Rabobank  
Rabobank has a decentralised organisation with decision making processes at both local and 
central levels. The governance reflects the unity of cooperative and bank. 
The members of Rabobank are organised, based on geographical criteria, into about 78 
departments. Within each department, members are organised into delegates’ election assemblies. These 
assemblies elect the members of the local members’ councils. Each department is linked to a local bank. 
The Dutch banking business has a decentralised organisational structure and is organised in 14 regions 
(each with a regional management team) and about 78 local banks (each with a local director). These local 
banks are not separate legal entities but are part of the legal entity of Rabobank and a unit of Rabobank's 
banking business in the Netherlands. The local banks preserve local orientation and local entrepreneurship 
as distinguishing features of Rabobank. The directors of the local banks in a region jointly form the regional 
management team. 
Each local members’ council consists of 30 to 50 members, has its basis in the Articles of 
Association of Rabobank and is part of a department. Local members’ councils are the ‘eyes and ears’ and 
report to and collaborate with the management teams of the local bank on the quality of services and the 
contribution to the social and sustainable development of the local area and environment. A local members’ 
council also has a number of formal tasks and responsibilities, which includes, inter alia, appointing (upon 
nomination by the local supervisory body), suspending and dismissing members of the local supervisory 
body, including its representative in the General Members’ Council (“gmc-member”).  
Each local supervisory body consists of three to five members and is part of a department. A local 
supervisor has to be a member of the department. It is a body which has its basis in the Articles of 
Association of Rabobank and has various tasks and responsibilities, including supervising the commercial 
development and social contribution of the local bank. Together with the regional director (who is appointed 
by the Managing Board), it also exercises the functional employer’s role in relation to the director of the 
local bank. The local supervisory body renders account to the local members’ council.  
The local banks and departments are allocated to regional assemblies where local banks and 
departments in the same region meet each other in various compositions. Currently there are 14 regional 
assemblies in place in the Netherlands. These assemblies have their basis in the Articles of Association 
of Rabobank. The regional assembly is where the gmc-members and the directors of the local banks in 
the region meet and consult in preparation for the General Members’ Council. Each regional assembly 
comprises one member of each local supervisory body in a region and is responsible for strengthening the 
relationship between the local banks and departments within the region, monitoring the commercial

--- Page 321 ---
Structure and Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
321 
development and social contribution of Rabobank within the region and consulting with the regional 
management team.  
Every gmc-member is appointed as delegate of its department in the General Members’ Council. 
This council is the highest decision-making member body in Rabobank’s governance. Each gmc-member 
has one vote. A delegate may be represented by another gmc-member at the General Members’ Council, 
however, delegates are prohibited from representing and voting on behalf of more than two other gmc-
members. The gmc-members are not bound by any mandate or instructions. However, they do take local 
points of view into consideration. On behalf of the members of Rabobank, the General Members’ Council 
safeguards continuity and acts as the custodian of collective values. The General Members’ Council 
focuses on the strategic framework, identity, main budget points and financial results of Rabobank and has 
the right to be consulted or has approval rights on these matters. Such rights include, inter alia, approving 
Rabobank’s strategic frameworks, adopting Rabobank’s annual accounts and consultation on a material 
investment in (or entering into or severing any long-term cooperation with) another company.  
The General Members’ Council has set up three permanent committees: the urgency affairs 
committee, the coordination committee and the staffing and remuneration committee. In addition, they may 
set up ad hoc committees. 
The members of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank are appointed by the General Members’ 
Council further to the recommendation of the Supervisory Board. Two thirds of the members of the 
Supervisory Board must be members of Rabobank. The Supervisory Board performs the supervisory role 
and renders account to the General Members’ Council. In this respect, the Supervisory Board monitors, 
inter alia, Rabobank’s compliance with laws and regulations and the achievement of Rabobank’s objectives 
and strategy. The Supervisory Board has the power to approve material decisions of the Managing Board. 
The Supervisory Board also has an advisory role with respect to the Managing Board. The Supervisory 
Board has set up five permanent committees that perform preparatory and advisory work for the 
Supervisory Board: a risk committee, an audit committee, a cooperative affairs committee, an 
appointments committee and an HR and remuneration committee. The Supervisory Board may set up ad 
hoc committees. 
The Managing Board of Rabobank is responsible for the management of Rabobank, including the 
local banks and, indirectly, its affiliated entities. Business issues, priorities and operational considerations 
are discussed in detail amongst the Managing Board. The Managing Board members are involved in 
making and executing strategic and operational decisions, based on the specific knowledge of each 
member. The Managing Board has the ultimate responsibility for defining and achieving Rabobank’s 
targets, strategic policy and associated risk profile, financial results and corporate social responsibility. In 
addition, the Managing Board is in charge of Rabobank Group’s compliance with relevant laws and 
regulations. Certain managing board members participate in material committees, e.g. Asset Liability 
Committee Group, Risk Management Committee Group and Central Credit Committee Rabobank Group. 
Employee Influence within Rabobank Group 
Rabobank Group attaches great value to consultations with the various employee representative 
bodies. Employee influence within Rabobank Group has been enabled at various levels. Issues concerning 
the Dutch business of Rabobank are handled by the works council (ondernemingsraad) of Rabobank (the 
“Works Council”). Local issues concerning the business of one, two or three local banks are handled by 
the local work(s) council(s). Issues concerning a subsidiary are handled by the works council of that 
subsidiary. Rabobank has also installed a European works council for issues concerning the businesses 
that operate in more than one EU member state.

--- Page 322 ---
Structure and Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
322 
Material Subsidiaries or other interests 
Rabobank also conducts business through separate legal entities, not only in the Netherlands but 
also worldwide. As at 31 December 2022, Rabobank was the (ultimate) shareholder of 324 subsidiaries 
and participations.  
As at 31 December 2022, Rabobank has assumed liability for debts arising from legal transactions 
for 12 of its Dutch subsidiaries under Section 2:403 DCC.

--- Page 323 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
323 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Base 
Prospectus, including the information set forth in “Selected Financial Information” and the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto of Rabobank Group incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
Certain figures for Rabobank Group at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 included in the following discussion and analysis have been adjusted as a result of 
changes in accounting policies and presentation. The adjusted figures for the year ended 31 December 
2021 have been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and the adjusted figures for the year ended 2020 have been derived from the audited 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021. See “Change in accounting 
policies and presentation” below for further information. The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and comply with Part 9 
of Book 2 of the DCC.  
The financial data in the (sub) paragraphs in this chapter marked with an asterisk (*) has not been 
directly extracted from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements but instead is derived from the 
accounting records of Rabobank and therefore this information is unaudited and unreviewed. 
The following discussion and analysis do not cover any period since 1 January 2023. 
 Material Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
General market conditions 
Rabobank Group’s results of operations are affected by a variety of market conditions, including 
economic cycles, fluctuations in stock markets, interest rates and exchange rates, and increased 
competition. Competition for mortgages and savings in the Netherlands continues in 2023. 
In 2022, 53 per cent. of Rabobank Group’s operating profit before tax was derived from its Dutch 
operations. Accordingly, changes in the Dutch economy, the levels of Dutch consumer spending and 
changes in the Dutch real estate, securities and other markets may have a material effect on Rabobank 
Group’s operations. However, because of Rabobank Group’s high level of product diversification, it has 
not experienced major fluctuations in its levels of profitability in the past. Outside of the Netherlands, the 
markets Rabobank Group focuses on, i.e. principally Food and Agri, have historically been impacted by 
business cycles only in a limited way. 
Although Rabobank Group expects that the foregoing factors will continue to affect its consolidated 
results of operations, it believes that the impact of any one of these factors is mitigated by its high level of 
product diversification. However, a protracted economic downturn in the Netherlands or Rabobank Group’s 
other major markets could have a material negative impact on its results of operations. See “Risk Factors 
– Section B: Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry”. 
Interest rates  
Changes in prevailing interest rates (including changes in the difference between the levels of 
prevailing short-term and long-term rates) can materially affect Rabobank Group’s results. For example, a 
sustained low interest rate environment could adversely affect Rabobank Group’s results, as due to the 
structure of its balance sheet, Rabobank has a significant level of non- and low-interest-bearing liabilities 
(its reserves, balances on payment accounts and current accounts). Generally, a sustained period of lower 
interest rates will reduce the yields on the assets that are financed with these liabilities. Conversely, rising 
interest rates should, over time, increase investment income but may, at the same time, reduce the market

--- Page 324 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
324 
value of pre-existing investment portfolios. Rising rates can also lead to higher or lower interest margins 
depending on whether Rabobank Group’s interest-earning assets reprice at a faster rate than interest-
bearing liabilities or the degree to which the spreads on assets or liabilities narrow or widen. See the risk 
factor entitled “Rabobank is exposed to changes in the interest rate environment as well as other market 
risks”.   
Critical accounting policies 
The accounting policies that are most critical to Rabobank Group’s business operations and the 
understanding of its results are identified below. In each case, the application of these policies requires 
Rabobank to make complex judgements based on information and financial data that may change in future 
periods, the results of which can have a significant effect on Rabobank Group’s results of operations. As 
a result, determinations regarding these items necessarily involve the use of assumptions and judgements 
as to future events and are subject to change. Different assumptions or judgements could lead to materially 
different results. See the notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus for additional discussion of the application of Rabobank Group’s 
accounting policies. 
Impairment charges on financial assets 
Rabobank regularly assesses the adequacy of the impairment allowance on financial assets by 
performing ongoing evaluations of the relevant portfolio. Rabobank’s policies and procedures to measure 
impairment are IFRS-9 compliant. IFRS-9 works with a Credit Deterioration Model which requires banks 
to define three different stages reflecting different degrees of credit risk. Rabobank considers a financial 
asset to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is unlikely that the obligor will pay 
its debt obligations (principal, interest and/or fees) in full without recourse by the bank to actions such as 
realising security. 
Based on IFRS-9, the impairment allowance on financial assets consists of three components, or 
stages: 
 
Stage 1 allowance: for facilities for which no significant credit risk deterioration has been 
identified since initial recognition (no objective evidence for Default/Impairment). In this case, 
a 12-Months ECL (Expected Credit Loss) is recorded as an allowance. This allowance 
reflects the expected credit losses resulting from default events on a financial instrument that 
are expected within the 12 months period after the reporting date. ECL is calculated via an 
IFRS9 model. 
 
Stage 2 allowance: for facilities for which a significant increase in credit risk has been 
identified since initial recognition based on a pre-defined set of indicators, but for which there 
has not been any objective evidence of Default/Impairment, a Lifetime ECL is recorded as 
an allowance. This allowance reflects the expected loss related to credit granting over the 
expected residual lifetime of such facility. ECL is calculated via an IFRS9 model. 
 
Stage 3 allowance: for facilities that are in Default, a Lifetime ECL is recorded as an 
allowance. Calculation of such allowance depends on the nature of the borrower as described 
below: 
 
Stage 3A allowance: for Retail (such as Private Individuals and Retail SME) and 
Corporate Local Banking Business (LBB), ECL is calculated via an IFRS9 model.  
 
Stage 3B allowance: for Other (such as Corporate W&R, Institutions, Central Banks 
and Central Governments), the allowance is calculated based on the weighted 
average of the net present value (NPV) of expected cash flows in three different 
scenarios.

--- Page 325 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
325 
The impairment amount thus determined is recorded in the profit and loss account as an impairment 
charge and for the corresponding financial asset an allowance is posted against the financial asset balance 
in the balance sheet. 
Trading activities 
Rabobank’s trading portfolio is carried at fair value based on market prices or model prices if the 
market prices are not available. The market value of financial instruments in Rabobank Group’s trading 
portfolio is generally based on listed market prices or broker-dealer price quotations. If prices are not readily 
determinable, fair value is based on valuation models. The fair value of certain financial instruments, 
including OTC derivative instruments, are valued using valuations models that consider, among other 
factors, contractual and market prices, correlations, time value, credit, yield curve volatility factors or 
prepayment rates of the underlying positions. 
Change in accounting policies and presentation 
As a result of changes in accounting policies and presentation, certain figures for Rabobank Group 
for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 have been adjusted. See Rabobank 
Group’s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 under note 2.1, “Basis of Preparation”. Where the year ended 31 December 2022 is 
compared with the year ended 31 December 2021, the adjusted figures for 2021 are discussed. Where 
the year ended 31 December 2021 is compared with the year ended 31 December 2020 the adjusted 
figures for 2020 are discussed.  
As per the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022, the presentation 
of accrued interest in the consolidated statement of financial position was changed in line with market 
practice. Accrued interest balances are no longer separately presented in other assets and other liabilities, 
but rather included in the corresponding balance sheet item of the host contract. The new accrued interest 
presentation is applied retrospectively and the largest impact was on the following balance sheet items per 
December 31, 2021 - a decrease of Other assets of €908 million and a decrease of Other liabilities of 
€1,101 million. On the other hand, there was an increase of Loans and advances to customers of 
€530 million, an increase of Deposits from customers for an amount of €350 million, a decrease of Deposits 
from credit institutions of €330 million and an increase of Debt securities in issue for an amount of 
€563 million. 
As per the consolidated financial statement for the year ended 31 December 2021, the line items 
‘Net interest income’ and ‘Other results’ have been adjusted. The presentation of the result of some 
derivatives used in a hedge relationship was inconsistent with how the results on derivatives held as 
economic hedge are usually treated. In order to align this, these results have been reclassified to interest 
expense. The comparative figures for net interest income has been decreased by €187 million and the line 
item ‘Other results’ has been increased by the same amount on 31 December 2020. This adjustment has 
no effect on total income. 
Results of operations 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group for the 
periods indicated:  
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2022 
2021  
2020
(adjusted)(1)
 
  
Net interest income ..................................  
9,149 
8,351 
7,997 
 
Net fee and commission income ..............  
2,106 
2,008 
1,780 
 
Other results ............................................  
829 
1,810 
1,005

--- Page 326 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
326 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2022 
2021  
2020
(adjusted)(1)
 
  
Income ....................................................  
12,084 
12,169 
10,782 
 
Staff costs ................................................  
5,023 
4,657 
4,684 
 
Other administrative expenses .................  
1,689 
2,035 
1,463 
 
Depreciation and amortisation ..................  
337 
352 
395 
 
Total operating expenses ......................  
7,049 
7,044 
6,542 
 
Gross result ............................................  
5,035 
5,125 
4,240 
 
Impairment losses on goodwill and 
associates ................................................  
105 
0 
283 
 
Impairment charges on financial assets ...  
344 
(474) 
1,913 
 
Regulatory levies ......................................  
667 
722 
548 
 
Operating profit before tax ....................  
3,919 
4,877 
1,496 
 
Income tax ...............................................  
1,133 
1,185 
400 
 
Net profit .................................................  
2,786 
3,692 
1,096 
 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Prior-year figures adjusted; see paragraph “Change in accounting policies and presentation”. 
 
 
Comparison results of operations for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 
Total income. Rabobank Group’s total income decreased by 1 per cent. in 2022 to €12,084 million 
compared to €12,169 million in 2021. The decrease was due to a decrease in other results, as further 
described below and increase in net interest income and net fee and commission income. 
Net interest income. Net interest income increased by 10 per cent. to €9,149 million in 2022 
compared to €8,351 million in 2021. Increasing interest rates resulted in higher capital income at W&R. 
Higher outstanding lending volumes throughout the year at both W&R and DLL, which were somewhat 
inflated by FX effects, also had an upward effect. In its October meeting the ECB announced changes to 
the terms and conditions for TLTRO funding. In line with these changes, Rabobank decided to prepay the 
majority of the TLTRO III participation and unwind the hedge that was set up to appropriately manage its 
positions, which resulted in a downward effect on the net interest income. The 1- year rolling net interest 
margin, calculated by dividing the net interest income by the average balance sheet total, increased from 
1.26% in 2021 to 1.33% on December 31, 2022. 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income increased by 5 per cent. to €2,106 
million in 2022 compared to €2,008 million in 2021. At DRB, net fee and commission income increased 
mainly as a result of higher prices on payment packages and increased income on international payment 
services. In general transaction volumes increased as a result of the release of Covid-19 measures. At 
W&R, net fee and commission income was slightly lower than in 2021, driven by a modest decline in 
income of the M&A and Capital Markets divisions in a weaker overall market. 
Other results. Other results decreased by €981 million to €829 million in 2022 compared to €1,810 
million in 2021. Following exceptional results in 2021, Rabo Investments still had a strong year, although 
the 2022 results were EUR 184 million lower than last year. In addition, the valuation of Rabobank’s stake

--- Page 327 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
327 
in Mechanics Bank had a negative effect on its results, while this line item contributed positively in 2021. 
The higher loss on fair value items also had a downward effect on other results. Additionally, the result 
from Rabobank’s stake in Achmea was EUR 125 million lower. Higher building costs and increased 
mortgage rates led to lower sales volumes at BPD, which had a downward effect on other results as well. 
Total operating expenses. Rabobank Group’s total operating expenses increased by €5 million in 
2022 to €7,049 million compared to €7,044 million in 2021, primarily due to an increase in staff costs and 
a decrease in other administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased €366 million to €5,023 million in 2022 compared to €4,657 million 
in 2021. In 2022, total staff numbers (including external hires) increased to 46,959 (2021: 43,361) FTEs. 
The largest increase was within DRB, where total FTEs went up as a result of additional staffing for KYC 
and IT. To support business growth and compliance related activities, staff numbers grew at DLL (by 48 
FTEs) and W&R (by 361 FTEs). Total staff costs increased by 8% to EUR 5,023 (2021: 4,657) million, also 
impacted by effects from the collective labor agreement. FX effects had an upward effect on operating 
expenses at both W&R and DLL. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €346 million to €1,689 
million in 2022 compared to €2,035 million in 2021. As expenses in 2021 were negatively impacted by a 
provision for extraordinary KYC costs to resolve KYC backlogs and a provision to compensate some of 
Rabobank’s clients with certain consumer credit products with a variable interest rate. In addition, other 
administrative expenses were lower as a result of a higher VAT refund and on balance a smaller release 
of the restructuring provision in 2022. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation decreased by €15 million to €337 
million in 2022 compared to €352 million in 2021, mainly as a result of fewer offices and rental contracts. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets increased by €818 
million resulting in an addition of €344 million in 2022 compared to a net release of €474 million in 2021. 
Impairment charges increased partly as a result of Rabobank’s decision to wind down all its activities in 
Russia following its invasion of Ukraine. In addition, Rabobank applied a management adjustment to reflect 
the adverse macroeconomic conditions and uncertainties. Rabobank continued to see a release of 
impairment charges at DRB, reflecting the strong Dutch economy, especially in the first half of 2022. The 
mortgage loan portfolio remains resilient with net additions of 3 basis points. At W&R, impairments were 
somewhat elevated as a result of higher impairments in the Wholesale lending business in Europe and 
Rural North & South America. This increase was partly offset by the release of most unused Covid-19 
provisions as the anticipated deterioration in the credit quality in the business loan portfolio did not 
materialise. Even though the impact of the macroeconomic developments in 2022 on the credit quality of 
the loan portfolio has been muted so far, Rabobank remains cautious. Impairment charges on financial 
assets amounted to 8 basis points in 2022 compared to minus 11 basis points in 2021, which is below the 
long-term average (period 2012-2021) of 26 basis points. 
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense item for Rabobank Group of €667 million in 
2022, compared to €722 million in 2021. The decrease is largely caused by a lower contribution to the 
deposit guarantee system as the level of deposits in 2022 was lower than in 2021 and by a lower bank tax 
in the Netherlands.  
Income tax. The recognised tax expense was €1,133 million in 2022 compared to €1,185 million in 
2021, which corresponds to an effective tax rate of 24 per cent. in 2021 compared to 27 per cent. in 2020.  
Net profit. Net profit increased by €2,596 million to €3,692 million in 2021 compared to €1,096 million 
in 2020. Higher income and lower impairments on financial assets had a positive impact on net profit 
compared to 2020.

--- Page 328 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
328 
Comparison results of operations for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 (adjusted) 
Total income. Rabobank Group’s total income increased by 13 per cent. in 2021 to €12,169 million 
compared to €10,782 million in 2020. The increase was due to an increase in net interest income, net fee 
and commission income and other results, as further described below. 
Net interest income. Net interest income increased by 4 per cent. to €8,351 million in 2021 compared 
to €7,997 million in 2020. This performance includes the benefit from Rabobank's participation in the 
Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing (“TLTRO”) III program (€334 million). Corrected for this benefit, 
Rabobank's net interest income remained stable. The persistent negative interest rate environment 
continues to pressure Rabobank's net interest income. The negative interest rates mainly impacted 
margins on savings and current accounts at Domestic Retail Banking (DRB). Net interest income at W&R 
increased largely as a result of the TLTRO III benefit and increasing asset levels at Wholesale. The one-
year rolling net interest margin, calculated by dividing net interest income by the average balance sheet 
total, decreased from 1.27 per cent. in 2020 to 1.26 per cent. in 2021. This number was negatively impacted 
by the higher balance sheet total due to Rabobank's participation in the TLTRO III program, while the 
TLTRO III benefit had an upward effect. 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income increased by 13 per cent. to 
€2,008 million in 2021 compared to €1,780 million in 2020. At DRB, net fee and commission income on 
payment accounts, investments, and mortgages increased. At W&R, net fee and commission income 
increased as event driven business lines (i.e., Markets, M&A, and ECM) performed well in 2021. In 2020 
these business lines experienced lower market activity due to the negative impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the economy. 
Other results. Other results increased by €805 million to €1,810 million in 2021 compared to €1,005 
million in 2020. The significant increase in these other results can be largely attributed to a strong rebound 
of the economy, which resulted in a positive asset revaluation of Rabobank's stake in Mechanics Bank 
(€151 million higher) and higher income on the well performing portfolio of the captive investment franchise 
Rabo Investments (€342 million higher). In 2020 these items had a negative impact on Rabobank's results. 
As a consequence of the strong housing market the returns on the activities of Bouwfonds Property 
Development were positively impacted by higher volumes and improved margins. The improved result on 
fair value items also contributed to higher other results. 
Total operating expenses. Rabobank Group’s total operating expenses increased by €502 million 
in 2021 to €7,044 million compared to €6,542 million in 2020, primarily due to an increase in other 
administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs decreased €27 million to €4,657 million in 2021 compared to €4,684 million 
in 2020. In 2021, Rabobank's total staff numbers (including external hires) increased to 43,361 FTEs 
compared to 43,272 FTEs in 2020. At DRB, total FTEs decreased since staff reductions in the branch 
network exceeded additional staffing for KYC and regulatory projects. To support business growth, staff 
numbers at W&R and Property Development increased. Staff costs decreased slightly to €4,657 million, 
compared to €4,684 million in 2020, in line with a lower average staff level. Lower training, travel, and hotel 
costs as a result of COVID-19 restrictions also contributed to the decline in staff costs. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses increased by €572 million to €2,035 
million in 2021 compared to €1,463 million in 2020. In 2020 other administrative expenses at DRB and 
W&R were tempered by an incidental VAT relief. Following Kifid (Dutch Institute for Financial Disputes) 
rulings, Rabobank recognised that it did not consistently adjust its interest rates in accordance with a 
particular reference rate for a group of Rabobank's consumer credit clients. Therefore, other administrative 
expenses include a provision of €333 million to compensate part of Rabobank's clients with certain 
consumer credit products with a variable interest rate. In addition, as a result of Rabobank's efforts to 
resolve backlogs in client due diligence and transaction monitoring (part of Rabobank's KYC program),

--- Page 329 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
329 
Rabobank recognised a provision of €249 million. The increase in other administrative expenses was partly 
offset by lower restructuring expenses.  
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation decreased by €43 million to €352 
million in 2021 compared to €395 million in 2020, mainly as a result of lower depreciation on internally 
generated software. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets decreased by 
€2,387 million resulting in a net release of €474 million in 2021 compared to an addition of €1,913 million 
in 2020. The anticipated deterioration in the credit quality of the business loan portfolio did not materialise 
in 2021, mainly due to the extension of government support measures, economic recovery, and the 
improved outlook. However, Rabobank remains cautious as the credit quality of its loan portfolio could still 
be impacted in 2022. Therefore, Rabobank decided to maintain COVID-19 related top-level adjustments 
to the impairment allowances for the performing part of its portfolio, although at a somewhat lower level 
than at year-end 2020. On an annual basis, impairment charges on financial assets amounted to minus 11 
basis points in 2021 compared to 46 basis points in 2020, which is below the long-term average (period 
2011-2020) of 31 basis points. More optimistic macroeconomic scenarios resulted in a decrease in 
impairment charges, especially in stage 1. Stage 3 impairment charges were also significantly lower than 
in 2020. 
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense item for Rabobank Group of €722 million in 
2021, compared to €548 million in 2020. The increase is largely caused by a higher contribution to the 
deposit guarantee system as the level of deposits in 2021 was higher than in 2020.   
Income tax. The recognised tax expense was €1,185 million in 2021 compared to €400 million in 
2020, which corresponds to an effective tax rate of 24 per cent. in 2021 compared to 27 per cent. in 2020.  
Net profit. Net profit increased by €2,596 million to €3,692 million in 2021 compared to €1,096 million 
in 2020. Higher income and lower impairments on financial assets had a positive impact on net profit 
compared to 2020.  
Segment Discussion 
Domestic Retail Banking 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group’s DRB 
business for the periods indicated:  
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021  
2020
(adjusted)(1) 
 
Net interest income ...............................  
4,739 
4,520 
4,615 
 
Net fee and commission income ...........  
1,576 
1,490 
1,314 
 
Other results .........................................  
60 
76 
30 
 
Total income .......................................  
6,375 
6,086 
5,959 
 
Staff costs .............................................  
2,663 
2,529 
2,633 
 
Other administrative expenses .............  
942 
1,359 
961 
 
Depreciation and amortisation ..............  
101 
126 
135 
 
Total operating expenses ..................  
3,706 
4,014 
3,729 
 
Gross result ........................................  
2,669 
2,072 
2,230 
 
Impairment charges on financial assets  
(91) 
(444) 
619 
 
Regulatory levies ..................................  
392 
441 
312

--- Page 330 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
330 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021  
2020
(adjusted)(1) 
 
Operating profit before tax ................  
2,368 
2,075 
1,299 
 
Income tax ............................................  
623 
551 
328 
Net profit ..............................................  
1,745 
1,524 
971 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Prior-year figures adjusted; see paragraph “Change in accounting policies and presentation”. 
 
Comparison results of Domestic Retail Banking for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 
Total income. Domestic Retail Banking total income increased by 5 per cent. to €6,375 million in 
2022, compared to €6,086 million in 2021 mainly due to an increase in net fee and commission income.  
Net interest income. Net interest income increased by 5 per cent. to €4,739 million in 2022, 
compared to €4,520 million in 2021. Net interest income increased partly due to higher volumes. 
Furthermore, average margins on savings and current accounts improved, due to increasing interest rates. 
On the other hand, margins on mortgage production and new business loans were lower, because of 
higher funding costs. 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income increased by 6 per cent. to €1,576 
million in 2022, compared to €1,490 million in 2021, largely driven by higher operational costs for current 
accounts which were (partly) translated into higher fees, but the number of foreign transactions also 
increased as most Covid-19 measures were lifted. Driven by the negative stock market development of 
2022, the average volume of assets under management was lower than in 2021 (approximately 
EUR 8 billion). 
Other results. Other results decreased by €16 million to €60 million in 2022, compared to €76 million 
in 2021. This decrease was driven by a system migration at Financial Solutions.  
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses for Domestic Retail Banking decreased by 8 
per cent. to €3,706 million in 2022, compared to €4,014 million in 2021, mainly as a result of an decrease 
in other administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €134 million to €2,663 million in 2022, compared to €2,529 
million in 2021. Higher staff costs were mainly the result of a higher average workforce as a consequence 
of additional staffing for KYC. Part of the costs related to this higher staffing was covered by the KYC 
provision taken last year to resolve backlogs. Furthermore, staff costs were impacted by collective labour 
agreement (“CLA”) increases. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €417 million to €942 
million in 2022, compared to €1,359 million in 2021. Following Kifid (Dutch Institute for Financial Disputes) 
rulings, Rabobank recognised that it did not consistently adjust its interest rates in accordance with a 
particular reference rate for a group of its consumer credit clients. Therefore, other administrative expenses 
include a provision of €9 million to compensate some of Rabobank’s clients with certain consumer credit 
products with a variable interest rate. In addition, as a result of Rabobank’s efforts to resolve backlogs in 
client due diligence and transaction monitoring (part of its KYC program), Rabobank recognised a provision 
of €39 million. The increase in other administrative expenses was partly offset by lower restructuring 
expenses. Restructuring costs were lower at minus €54 million compared to minus €121 million in 2021. 
The workforce at local banks increased in 2022, mainly the result of a higher average workforce as a 
consequence of additional staffing for KYC. Consequently, Rabobank’s releases of restructuring provisions

--- Page 331 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
331 
were lower than in 2021. Other administrative expenses were also positively impacted in 2022 by a VAT 
refund. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation decreased by €25 million to €101 
million in 2022, compared to €126 million in 2021, because of fewer offices and rental contracts had a 
downward effect on the level of depreciation. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. The anticipated deterioration of the credit quality of 
Rabobank’s portfolio following the Covid-19 pandemic has not materialised. Unused Covid-19 provisions 
were therefore largely released, which resulted in increased impairment charges on financial assets by 
€353 million to minus €91 million in 2022, compared to minus €444 million in 2021 or minus 3 basis points 
of the average loan portfolio based on month-end balances in 2022, compared to minus 16 basis points in 
2021, which is well below the long-term average of 15 basis points.  
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies decreased by €49 million to €392 million in 2022, compared to 
€441 million in 2021. The regulatory levies consist of bank tax and levy, contributions to the Single 
Resolution Fund and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. The decision to discontinue Rabobank’s direct 
banking operations in Europe contributed to this decrease.  
Income tax. Income tax increased in 2022 by €72 million to €623 million, compared to €551 million 
in 2021 as a result of the higher operating profit before tax in 2022. 
Net profit. Net profit increased by 15 per cent. to €1,745 million in 2022, compared to €1,524 million 
in 2021. The net result was positively influenced by higher income and lower impairment charges on 
financial assets.  
Comparison results of Domestic Retail Banking for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 (adjusted) 
Total income. Domestic Retail Banking total income increased by 2 per cent. to €6,086 million in 
2021, compared to €5,959 million in 2020 mainly due to an increase in net fee and commission income.  
Net interest income. Net interest income decreased by 2 per cent. to €4,520 million in 2021, 
compared to €4,615 million in 2020. Net interest income decreased as a result of the pressure on all 
commercial margins because of the low interest rate environment and ample availability of liquidity in the 
market. Increasing volumes and the benefit from Rabobank’s participation in the TLTRO III program in 
2021 (€124 million) had an upward effect on net interest income. 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income increased by 13 per cent. to 
€1,490 million in 2021, compared to €1,314 million in 2020, largely driven by higher fee income on 
mortgages, payments and assets under management. 
Other results. Other results increased by €46 million to €76 million in 2021, compared to €30 million 
in 2020. The increase is the result of fair value adjustments on securitisation transactions. 
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses for Domestic Retail Banking increased by 8 
per cent. to €4,014 million in 2021, compared to €3,729 million in 2020, mainly as a result of an increase 
in other administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs decreased by €104 million to €2,529 million in 2021, compared to €2,633 
million in 2020. Lower staff costs were partly due to a smaller average workforce than in 2020 as a 
consequence of the implementation of strategic initiatives related to the continuing transformation of 
Rabobank’s client service model. The decrease in FTEs was partly offset by the extra staffing requirements 
for KYC and regulatory projects. The main driver behind the lower staff costs was lower expenses attributed 
to temporary and external staff. Travel expenses and training expenses were also lower than last year, 
which can be largely attributed to the Covid-19 pandemic.

--- Page 332 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
332 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses increased by €398 million to €1,359 
million in 2021, compared to €961 million in 2020. Following Kifid (Dutch Institute for Financial Disputes) 
rulings, Rabobank recognised that it did not consistently adjust its interest rates in accordance with a 
particular reference rate for a group of Rabobank’s consumer credit clients. Therefore, other administrative 
expenses include a provision of €333 million to compensate some of Rabobank’s clients with certain 
consumer credit products with a variable interest rate. In addition, as a result of the efforts to resolve 
backlogs in client due diligence and transaction monitoring (part of Rabobank’s KYC program), Rabobank 
recognised a provision of €249 million. The increase in other administrative expenses was partly offset by 
lower restructuring expenses. Restructuring costs were lower at minus €121 million compared to €46 
million in 2020. The workforce at local banks decreased in 2021, with many employees voluntarily 
accepting a position outside the organisation and others finding another job within the organisation. 
Consequently, the restructuring expenses were lower than anticipated. Other administrative expenses 
were also positively impacted in 2020 by a VAT relief. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation decreased by €9 million to €126 
million in 2021, compared to €135 million in 2020, partly because of the reduced number of properties. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets decreased by 
€1,063 million to minus €444 million in 2021, compared to €619 million in 2020. This translates into minus 
16 basis points of the average loan portfolio based on month-end balances in 2021, compared to 23 basis 
points in 2020, above the long-term average of 19 basis points. Although we anticipated a deterioration of 
the credit quality of Rabobank’s loan portfolio that would lead to a high level of impairment charges on 
financial assets in 2021, it still has not happened. The positive developments were caused by the improved 
economic outlook and ongoing government support measures. 
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies increased by €129 million to €441 million in 2021, compared to 
€312 million in 2020. The regulatory levies consist of bank tax, contributions to the Single Resolution Fund 
and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. 
Income tax. Income tax increased in 2021 by €223 million to €551 million, compared to €328 million 
in 2020 as a result of the higher operating profit before tax in 2021. 
Net profit. Net profit increased by 57 per cent. to €1,524 million in 2021, compared to €971 
million in 2020. The net result was positively influenced by higher income and lower impairment 
charges on financial assets.  
Wholesale & Rural 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group’s W&R 
business for the periods indicated:  
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020  
 
Net interest income ...............................  
2,857 
2,447 
2,197 
Net fee and commission income ...........  
426 
433 
361 
Other results .........................................  
483 
644 
164 
Total income .......................................  
3,766 
3,524 
2,722 
Staff costs .............................................  
1,450 
1,288 
1,243 
Other administrative expenses .............  
358 
379 
224 
Depreciation and amortisation ..............  
113 
98 
90 
Total operating expenses ..................  
1,921 
1,765 
1,557 
Gross result ........................................  
1,845 
1,759 
1,165

--- Page 333 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
333 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020  
 
Impairment charges on financial assets  
170 
41 
883 
Regulatory levies ..................................  
220 
218 
149 
Operating profit before tax ................  
1,455 
1,500 
133 
Income tax ............................................  
426 
397 
117 
Net profit ..............................................  
1,029 
1,103 
16 
 
Comparison results of W&R for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
Total income. W&R total income increased by €242 million to €3,766 million in 2022 compared to 
€3,524 million in 2021. This increase was attributable to an increase of all income items. 
Net interest income. Net interest income increased by 17 per cent. to €2,857 million in 2022, 
compared to €2,447 million in 2021. The increase in net interest income was driven by higher outstanding 
loan volumes throughout most of 2022 and slightly higher margins. In addition, capital income increased 
due to global interest rates increases.  
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by €7 million to €426 
million in 2022, compared to €433 million in 2021 due to a satisfying, but slightly reduced level of activity 
in the M&A market and the Capital Markets division. 
Other results. Other results decreased by €161 million to €483 million in 2022, compared to €644 
million in 2021 driven by the strong results of Rabo Investments, however they were below those of 2021 
as a result of less favorable market conditions in 2022. 
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses increased by €156 million to €1,921 million in 
2022, compared to €1,765 million in 2021. This increase was attributable to higher staff costs and higher 
depreciation and amortisation. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €162 million to €1,450 million in 2022, compared to €1,288 
million in 2021. Staff numbers at W&R showed a 4 per cent. increase, which is driven by the higher average 
staff level at W&R. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €21 million to €358 
million in 2022, compared to €379 million in 2021 among others as a result of a one-off VAT refund for 
previous years in 2022.  
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation was up €15 million to €113 million in 
2022, compared to €98 million in 2021 due to increased depreciation on two main large infrastructural 
projects. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets at W&R increased 
by €129 million to €170 million in 2022, compared to €41 million in 2021. Impairments were higher than in 
2021 as releases of the Covid-19 provisions were offset by increasing impairments in the Wholesale 
lending business in Europe and Rural North & South America. Total impairment charges on financial assets 
amounted to 14 basis points of the average private sector loan portfolio in 2022 compared to 4 basis points 
in 2021. This is well below the long-term average of 42 basis points. 
Regulatory levies. The regulatory levies led to an expense item of €220 million in 2022, compared 
to €218 million in 2021.  
Income tax. Income tax increased in 2022 by €29 million to €426 million, compared to €397 million 
in 2021.

--- Page 334 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
334 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by €74 million to €1,029 million in 2022, compared to €1,103 million 
in 2021. Lower net fee and commission income and lower other results had a downward effect on net profit 
in 2022. 
Comparison results of W&R for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
Total income. W&R total income increased by €802 million to €3,524 million in 2021 compared to 
€2,722 million in 2020. This increase was attributable to an increase of all income items. 
Net interest income. Net interest income increased by 11 per cent. to €2,447 million in 2021, 
compared to €2,197 million in 2020. The benefit from Rabobank's participation in the TLTRO III program 
in 2021 (€93 million) and increasing asset levels partly driven by higher commodity prices contributed to 
this increase.  
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income increased by €72 million to €433 
million in 2021, compared to €361 million in 2020 due to the robust performance of the event-driven 
business (M&A and Capital Markets) after modest results in 2020. 
Other results. Other results increased by €480 million to €644 million in 2021, compared to €164 
million in 2020 driven by €342 million higher income from the high-performing portfolio of Rabo Investment. 
These improved results were driven by a combination of COVID-19 reversals which benefited the entire 
sector, a number of successful exits, and stock price performance. 
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses increased by €208 million to €1,765 million in 
2021, compared to €1,557 million in 2020. This increase was attributable to higher staff costs and higher 
other administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €45 million to €1,288 million in 2021, compared to €1,243 million 
in 2020. Staff numbers at W&R showed a 4 per cent. increase, which can be explained by growth initiatives 
within W&R and additional staff related to structural investments in infrastructure and compliance. The 
increase was partly offset by lower expenses for travel, hotels, and recruitment related to COVID-19 
measures. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses increased by €155 million to €379 
million in 2021, compared to €224 million in 2020 as Rabobank benefited from an incidental VAT relief in 
2020. In addition, other administrative expenses in 2021 were negatively impacted by higher impairments 
on self-developed software.  
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation was up €8 million to €98 million in 
2021, compared to €90 million in 2020 due to increased depreciation on large infrastructural projects. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets at W&R decreased 
by €842 million to €41 million in 2021, compared to €883 million in 2020. Because the anticipated 
deterioration of the credit quality did not materialise in 2021, hardly any significant specific provisions were 
taken. This trend is visible across almost all regions and all business lines. Total impairment charges on 
financial assets amounted to 4 basis points of the average private sector loan portfolio in 2021 compared 
to 81 basis points in 2020. This is above the long-term average of 48 basis points. 
Regulatory levies. The regulatory levies led to an expense item of €218 million in 2021, compared 
to €149 million in 2020.  
Income tax. Income tax increased in 2021 by €280 million to €397 million, compared to €117 million 
in 2020 as a result of the higher operating profit before tax. 
Net profit. Net profit increased by €1,087 million to €1,103 million in 2021, compared to €16 million 
in 2020. Higher income and lower impairment charges on financial assets had an upward effect on net 
profit in 2021.

--- Page 335 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
335 
Leasing 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group’s 
Leasing business for the periods indicated: 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Net interest income ...............................  
1,259 
1,147 
1,100 
Net fee and commission income ...........  
107 
105 
106 
Other results .........................................  
346 
294 
292 
Total income .......................................  
1,712 
1,546 
1,498 
Staff costs .............................................  
638 
562 
537 
Other administrative expenses .............  
253 
202 
200 
Depreciation and amortisation ..............  
26 
26 
27 
Total operating expenses ..................  
917 
790 
764 
Gross result ........................................  
795 
756 
734 
Impairment losses on goodwill 
 
— 
— 
70 
Impairment charges on financial assets  
267 
(74) 
410 
Regulatory levies ..................................  
43 
46 
29 
Operating profit before tax ................  
485 
784 
225 
Income tax ............................................  
150 
209 
61 
Net profit ..............................................  
335 
575 
164 
 
Comparison results of Leasing for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
Total income. Total income of Leasing increased by 11 per cent. to €1,712 million in 2022, compared 
to €1,546 million in 2021. The increase was mainly due to an increase in net interest income and other 
results.  
Net interest income. Net interest increased by 10 per cent. to €1,259 million in 2022, compared to 
€1,147 million in 2021. The increase was mostly because of the growth of the portfolio.  
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income increased by €2 million to €107 
million in 2022, compared to €105 million in 2021.  
Other results. Other results mainly consist of income from operating leases and results from sales 
on end-of-lease assets. Other results increased by €52 million to €346 million in 2022 compared to €294 
million in 2021. 
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses at DLL increased by €127 million to €917 
million in 2022, compared to €790 million in 2021. Staff costs and other administrative expenses were 
higher, while depreciation and amortisation were stable. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €76 million to €638 million in 2022, compared to €562 million 
in 2021. This increase was in line with business growth. Staff numbers in the Leasing segment increased 
by 48 FTEs to 5,536 FTEs in 2022. The growth in FTEs was required by the net effect of needing both 
more FTEs to support the growth of the business and fewer FTEs due to the sale of portfolios in India and 
Russia. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses increased by €51 million to €253 
million in 2022, compared to €202 million in 2021.

--- Page 336 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
336 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation remained stable at €26 million in 
2022, compared to €26 million in 2021. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. DLL’s impairment charges on financial assets increased 
significantly by €341 million to €267 million in 2022, compared to minus €74 million in 2021. The increase 
is primarily attributable to the decision by DLL to exit the Russian market. Expressed in basis points of the 
average loan portfolio based on month-end balances, the impairment charges amounted to 68 basis points 
in 2022, compared to minus 21 basis points in 2021 and well above the long-term average of 44 basis 
points.  
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense of €43 million in 2022, compared to €46 
million in 2021. 
Income tax. Income tax decreased by €59 million to €150 million in 2022 compared to €209 million 
in 2021. The lower income taxes are driven by the lower operating profit before tax.  
Net profit. Net profit decreased by €240 million to €335 million in 2022, compared to €575 million in 
2021 mainly driven by higher impairment charges on financial assets. 
Comparison results of Leasing for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
Total income. Total income of Leasing increased by 3 per cent. to €1,546 million in 2021, compared 
to €1,498 million in 2020. The increase was mainly due to an increase in net interest income.  
Net interest income. Net interest increased by 4 per cent. to €1,147 million in 2021, compared to 
€1,100 million in 2020. The increase was mostly because of the growth of the portfolio. As a result of supply 
chain disruptions and product shortages, income on the short term commercial finance business was 
lower, but this was compensated by higher income on long-term lease business. 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by €1 million to €105 
million in 2021, compared to €106 million in 2020.  
Other results. Other results mainly consist of income from operating leases and results from sales 
on end-of-lease assets. Other results increased by €2 million to €294 million in 2021 compared to €292 
million in 2020.  
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses at DLL increased by €26 million to €790 million 
in 2021, compared to €764 million in 2020. Staff costs were higher, while other administrative expenses 
and depreciation and amortisation were almost stable. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €25 million to €562 million in 2021, compared to €537 million 
in 2020. This increase was in line with business growth. The increase was partly tempered by lower travel 
costs, as international mobility continued to be affected by COVID-19 restrictions. Staff numbers in the 
Leasing segment decreased by 21 FTEs to 5,488 FTEs in 2021. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses increased by €2 million to €202 
million in 2021, compared to €200 million in 2020.  
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation decreased by €1 million to €26 million 
in 2021, compared to €27 million in 2020. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. DLL’s impairment charges on financial assets decreased 
by €484 million to minus €74 million in 2021, compared to €410 million in 2020. Expressed in basis points 
of the average loan portfolio based on month-end balances, the impairment charges amounted to minus 
21 basis points in 2021, compared to 127 basis points in 2020 and above the long-term average of 52 
basis points. DLL supports customers affected by both the pandemic and the subsequent containment 
measures taken by governments in several markets by granting temporary payment relief when needed.

--- Page 337 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
337 
Due to much improved macroeconomic conditions in 2021, and credit quality remaining higher than 
expected, DLL was able to reverse previously booked provisions, 
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense of €46 million in 2021, compared to €29 
million in 2020. 
Income tax. Income tax increased by €148 million to €209 million in 2021 compared to €61 million 
in 2020. The higher income taxes are driven by the higher operation profit before tax.  
Net profit. Net profit increased by €411 million to €575 million in 2021, compared to €164 million in 
2020 mainly driven by lower impairment charges on financial assets. 
Property Development 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group’s 
Property Development business for the periods indicated: 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Net interest income ...............................  
0 
(23) 
(16) 
Net fee and commission income ...........  
0 
0 
1 
Other results .........................................  
297 
401 
309 
Total income .......................................  
297 
378 
294 
Staff costs .............................................  
110 
102 
91 
Other administrative expenses .............  
27 
28 
32 
Depreciation and amortisation ..............  
10 
9 
9 
Total operating expenses ..................  
147 
139 
132 
Gross result ........................................  
150 
239 
162 
Impairment losses on goodwill and 
associates 
 
(5) 
0 
0 
Impairment charges on financial assets  
0 
0 
1 
Regulatory levies ..................................  
2 
2 
1 
Operating profit before tax ................  
153 
237 
160 
Income tax ............................................  
36 
51 
45 
Net profit ..............................................  
117 
186 
115 
 
Comparison results of Property Development for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 
Total income. Total income in Rabobank Group’s Property Development business decreased by 21 
per cent. to €297 million in 2022, compared to €378 million in 2021. This decrease was the result of an 
decrease in other results. 
Net interest income. Net interest income increased by €23 million to €0 million in 2022 compared to 
minus €23 million in 2021. Net interest income of Property Development is zero, as BPD has to pay interest 
on the funding raised to finance its activities.  
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income remained unchanged at €0 million 
in 2022 compared to €0 million in 2021. 
Other results. Other results at the Property Development segment decreased by €104 million to € 
297 million in 2022, compared to €401 million in 2021. This decrease was mainly due to the lower sales

--- Page 338 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
338 
activity on the housing market, as the number of new projects that can be initiated is lagging due to higher 
building costs and increased mortgage rates.  
Operating expenses. Total operating expenses increased by €8 million to €147 million in 2022, 
compared to €139 million in 2021. This increase is mainly caused by an increase in staff costs. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €8 million to €110 million in 2022, compared to €102 million in 
2021. Higher average staff numbers at BPD required to support business growth resulted in an increase 
in staff costs.  
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €1 million to €27 
million in 2022, compared to €28 million in 2021. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation remained relatively stable at €10 
million in 2022, compared to €9 million in 2021. 
Impairment losses on goodwill and associates. Impairment losses on goodwill and associates 
decreased to minus €5 million in 2022, compared to €0 million in 2021.  
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets remained stable at 
€0 million in 2022, compared to €0 million in 2021.  
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies remained stable at €2 million in 2022, compared to €2 million 
in 2021.  
Income tax. Income tax decreased by €15 million to €36 million in 2022, compared to €51 million in 
2021. 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by €69 million to €117 million in 2022, compared to €186 million in 
2021, primarily due to the lower sales activity on the housing market.  
Comparison results of Property Development for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 
Total income. Total income in Rabobank Group’s Property Development business increased by 29 
per cent. to €378 million in 2021, compared to €294 million in 2020. This increase was the result of an 
increase in other results. 
Net interest income. Net interest income decreased by €7 million to minus €23 million in 2021 
compared minus €16 million in 2020. Net interest income of Property Development is negative, as BPD 
has to pay interest on the funding raised to finance its activities.  
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by €1 million to €0 
million in 2021 compared to €1 million in 2020 as the activities of Bouwfonds Investment Management 
were phased out.  
Other results. Other results at the Property Development segment increased by €92 million to €401 
million in 2021, compared to €309 million in 2020. This increase was mainly due to the persistent high 
activity on the housing market. In addition, margins improved in both the Netherlands and Germany. 
Operating expenses. Total operating expenses increased by €7 million to €139 million in 2021, 
compared to €132 million in 2020. This increase is caused by an increase in staff costs. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €11 million to €102 million in 2021, compared to €91 million in 
2020. Higher staff numbers, which increased by 8% to 806 FTEs on December 31, 2021, resulted in the 
increase in staff costs 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €4 million to €28 
million in 2021, compared to €32 million in 2020.

--- Page 339 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
339 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation remained stable at €9 million in 2021, 
compared to €9 million in 2020. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets decreased to €0 
million in 2021, compared to €1 million in 2020.  
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense item of €2 million in 2021, compared to €1 
million in 2020. 
Income tax. Income tax increased by €6 million to €51 million in 2021, compared to €45 million in 
2020. 
Net profit. Net profit increased by €71 million to €186 million in 2021, compared to €115 million in 
2020, primarily due to the persistent high activity on the housing market. Net profit at BPD increased by 
€58 million. 
Loan Portfolio 
The private sector lending increased by €14.4 billion to € 432.1 billion on December 31, 2022. A 
small part of this increase (around €3.1 billion) is attributable to deprecation of the euro. At DRB the 
mortgage portfolio stabilised as new production compensated for the still high, but decreasing, level of 
early repayments. DRB's total private sector loan portfolio amounted to € 274.0 billion at year-end 2022, 
compared to €274.0 billion in 2021. The loan portfolios of W&R and DLL both increased, also when 
corrected for FX effects. 
The following table shows a breakdown of Rabobank Group’s total lending outstanding to the private 
sector at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, by category of borrower: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in billions of euro and as 
percentage of total private 
sector lending) 
 
2022 
 
2021 (adjusted) 
 
2020 (adjusted) 
 
Private individuals ..............  
204.5 
47%
205.1 
49%
202.9 
50%
Trade, industry and 
services .............................  
114.3 
27%
109.7 
26%
111.0 
27%
Food and agri ....................  
113.3 
26%
102.9 
25%
95.5 
23%
Total private sector 
lending .............................  
432.1 
100%
417.7 
100%
409.4 
100%
 
The maturities of loans granted by Rabobank Group vary from overdraft facilities to 30-year term 
loans. 
The following table provides a breakdown of the remaining maturity of Rabobank Group’s total loans 
and advances to customers (public and private sector) and professional securities transactions at 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. These amounts are non-restated for the netting of cash 
pooling arrangements and correspond to the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2022: 
 
 
As at 31 December  
 
(in millions of euro and as 
percentage of total loans and 
advances to customers) 
 
2022 
 
2021 (adjusted) 
 
Less than 1 year................................  
88,396 
20% 
88,549 
20%

--- Page 340 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
340 
 
 
As at 31 December  
 
(in millions of euro and as 
percentage of total loans and 
advances to customers) 
 
2022 
 
2021 (adjusted) 
 
More than 1 year ...............................  
340,465 
80% 
348,452 
80%
Total loans and advances to 
customers ........................................  
428,861 
100% 
437,001 
100%
 
Funding* 
Total deposits from customers increased significantly to €396.5 billion compared to €372.4 billion in 
2021. The loan-to-deposit ratio (LtD ratio, 12-month average1) remains more or less stable at 1.10 (2021: 
1.08). Deposits from DRB customers increased to EUR 320.1 (2021: EUR 300.1) billion. Retail savings at 
DRB increased by EUR 8.7 billion to EUR 152.9 billion. Deposits from customers in other segments 
increased to EUR 76.4 (2021: 72.3) billion mainly because of higher volumes at Treasury which were partly 
offset by a decrease in deposits at International Direct Banking (IDB). The lower volumes at IDB can be 
explained by the wind down of Rabobank’s direct banking operations in Europe. 
The following table shows Rabobank Group’s sources of funding by source at 31 December 2022, 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2022
 
2021
 
2020
 
Current accounts ........................................................... 
136,046 
126,618 
107,706 
Deposits with agreed maturity ....................................... 
65,157 
61,241 
56,411 
Deposits redeemable at notice ..................................... 
194,644 
183,689 
190,699 
Repurchase agreements ............................................... 
625 
527 
550 
Other due to customers ................................................ 
- 
- 
92 
Debt securities in issue ................................................. 
112,307 
109,272 
113,521 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value ................... 
2,599 
3,840 
5,175 
Total ............................................................................. 
511,378 
485,187 
474,154 
 
Rabobank Group also receives funds from the inter-bank and institutional markets. Rabobank 
Group’s total deposits from credit institutions were €31.5 billion at 31 December 2022, a 56.7 per cent. 
decrease from €72.7 billion at 31 December 2021.  
 
Other Financial Assets 
Other financial assets comprise debt securities and other assets. Other financial assets are 
subdivided into the following categories: 
 
Financial assets held for trading; and 
 
1 Comparative figures have been adjusted for the refined calculation methodology. Longer-term trends in LtD ratio are better 
reflected by considering 12-month moving averages, rather than point-in-time numbers.

--- Page 341 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
341 
 
Financial assets mandatorily at fair value. 
The tables below show Rabobank Group’s financial assets as at the dates indicated. 
 
 
 
Other financial assets as at 31 December 2022 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
Financial
assets held for
trading 
Financial 
assets 
designated at 
fair value 
Financial 
assets 
mandatorily at
fair value
 
Total 
Purchased loans ......................................  
335 
0 
570 
905 
Short-term government securities ............  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Government bonds ...................................  
1,527 
0 
0 
1,527 
Other debt securities ................................  
629 
0 
4 
633 
Total debt securities ..............................  
2,491 
0 
574 
3,065 
Venture capital .........................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other equity instruments ..........................  
251 
0 
1,728 
1,979 
Total other assets ..................................  
251 
0 
1,728 
1,979 
Total ........................................................  
2,742 
0 
2,302 
5,044 
Category 1(1) .............................................  
2,364 
0 
0 
2,364 
Category 2(2) .............................................  
50 
0 
341 
391 
Category 3(3) .............................................  
328 
0 
1,961 
2,289 
 
 
 
Other financial assets as at 31 December 2021 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
Financial
assets held for
trading 
Financial 
assets 
designated at 
fair value 
Financial 
assets 
mandatorily at
fail values 
Total 
Purchased loans ......................................  
888 
1 
872 
1,760 
Short-term government securities ............  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Government bonds ...................................  
877 
0 
0 
877 
Other debt securities ................................  
545 
0 
7 
552 
Total debt securities ..............................  
2,310 
1
 
879
 
3,189
 
Venture capital .........................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other equity instruments ..........................  
180 
0 
1,627 
1,807 
Total other assets ..................................  
180 
0 
1,627 
1,807 
Total ........................................................  
2,490 
1 
2,506 
4,996 
Category 1(1) .............................................  
1,525 
0 
42 
1,567 
Category 2(2) .............................................  
109 
0 
647 
756 
Category 3(3) .............................................  
856 
1 
1,817 
2,673

--- Page 342 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
342 
 
 
Other financial assets as at 31 December 2020 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
Financial
assets held for
trading 
Financial 
assets 
designated at 
fair value 
Available-for-
sale financial
assets 
Total 
Purchased loans ......................................  
548 
0 
1,165 
1,713 
Short-term government securities ............  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Government bonds ...................................  
1,093 
0 
0 
1,093 
Other debt securities ................................  
715 
0 
43 
758 
Total debt securities ..............................  
2,356 
1 
1,208 
3,564 
Venture capital .........................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other equity instruments ..........................  
180 
0 
867 
1,047 
Total other assets ..................................  
180 
0 
867 
1,047 
Total ........................................................  
2,536 
1 
2,075 
4,611 
Category 1(1) .............................................  
1,950 
0 
0 
1,950 
Category 2(2) .............................................  
86 
0 
704 
790 
Category 3(3) .............................................  
500 
0 
1,371 
1,871 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Category 1: quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
(2) 
Category 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in category 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, 
either directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices); and 
(3) 
Category 3: inputs for the asset or liability not based on observable market data. 
 
Credit-related Commitments* 
Credit granting liabilities represent the unused portions of funds authorised for the granting of credit 
in the form of loans, guarantees, letters of credit and other lending-related financial instruments. 
Rabobank’s credit risk exposure from credit granting liabilities consists of potential losses amounting to 
the unused portion of the authorised funds. The total expected loss is lower than the total of unused funds, 
however, because credit granting liabilities are subject to the clients in question continuing to meet specific 
standards of creditworthiness. Guarantees represent irrevocable undertakings that, provided certain 
conditions are met, Rabobank will make payments on behalf of clients if they are unable to meet their 
financial obligations to third parties. Rabobank also accepts credit granting liabilities in the form of credit 
facilities made available to ensure that clients’ liquidity requirements can be met, but which have not yet 
been drawn upon. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Total credit related commitments .............................  
107,779 
103,297 
96,783 
 
Capital Adequacy 
Rabobank wishes to have an adequate solvency position, which it manages based on a number of 
ratios. The principal ratios are the CET1 Ratio, the Tier 1 ratio, the total capital ratio and the equity capital

--- Page 343 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
343 
ratio. Rabobank’s internal targets exceed the regulators’ minimum requirements as it anticipates market 
expectations and developments in laws and regulations. Rabobank seeks to stand out from other financial 
institutions, managing its solvency position based on policy documents. The Risk Management Committee 
and the Asset and Liability Committee, the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board periodically discuss 
the solvency position and the targets to be used. 
Rabobank must comply with a number of minimum solvency positions stipulated under the law. The 
solvency position is determined based on ratios. These ratios compare Rabobank’s total capital and 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital with the total amount of the risk-weighted assets.  
The determination of the risk-weighted assets is based on separate methods for credit risk, 
operational risk and market risk. The risk-weighted assets are determined for credit risk purposes in many 
different ways. For most assets the risk weight is determined with reference to internal ratings and a 
number of characteristics specific to the asset concerned. For off-balance sheet items the balance sheet 
equivalent is calculated first, based on internal conversion factors. The resulting equivalent amounts are 
then also assigned risk-weightings. An Advanced Measurement Approach model is used to determine the 
amount with respect to the risk-weighted assets for operational risk. With the market risk approach, the 
general market risk is hedged, as well as the risk of open positions in foreign currencies, debt and equity 
instruments, as well as commodities. 
The CET1 Ratio, the Tier 1 ratio and the total capital ratio are the most common ratios used to 
measure solvency. The CET1 Ratio expresses the relationship between Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
and total risk-weighted assets. At 31 December 2022, Rabobank Group’s CET1 Ratio stood at 16.0 per 
cent. (year-end 2021: 17.4 per cent.). Effective 1 January 2014, the minimum required percentages are 
determined on the basis of CRD IV/CRR. The total required (end state in 2022) CET1 Ratio amounts to 
10.10 per cent. 
Risk-weighted assets increased to €240.4 billion at 31 December 2022 compared to €211.9 billion 
at 31 December 2021. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital increased by €1.6 billion to €38.4 billion at 31 
December 2022 compared to €36.8 billion at 31 December 2021. See “Regulation of Rabobank Group” for 
further discussion of the Basel standards. 
The Tier 1 ratio expresses the relationship between Tier 1 capital and total risk-weighted assets. As 
at 31 December 2022, Rabobank Group’s Tier 1 ratio stood at 18.0 per cent. (year-end 2021: 19.2 per 
cent.). The total required (end state in 2022) Tier 1 ratio amounts to 11.95 per cent. 
The total capital ratio is calculated by dividing the total of Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital by the total of 
risk-weighted assets. At 31 December 2022, the total capital ratio stood at 21.1 per cent. (year-end 2021: 
22.6 per cent.). The total required (end state in 2022) total capital ratio amounts to 14.43 per cent. 
The following table sets forth the development in capital and solvency ratios of Rabobank Group at 
31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
Development in capital and solvency ratios 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros, except percentages) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ...................................... 
38,372 
34,846 
34,647 
CET1 Ratio ................................................................... 
16.0% 
17.4% 
16.8%
Tier 1 capital ................................................................. 
43,247 
40,725 
39,062 
Tier 1 ratio ..................................................................... 
18.0% 
19.2% 
19.0%
Qualifying capital ........................................................... 
50,380 
47,985 
49,851

--- Page 344 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
344 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros, except percentages) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Total capital ratio ........................................................... 
21.1% 
22.6% 
24.2
%
 
Cash flow 
The following table sets forth Rabobank Group’s cash flow for the years ended 31 December 2022, 
2021 and 2020. 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Net cash flow from / (used in) operating activities ........ 
702 
23,563 
62,857 
Net cash flow from / (used in) investing activities ......... 
(79) 
141 
(121) 
Net cash flow from / (used in) financing activities ......... 
8,084 
(12,572) 
(16,229) 
Net change in cash and cash equivalents ................ 
8,707 
11,132 
46,507 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January ...................... 
120,534 
108,466 
63,086 
Net change in cash and cash equivalents .................... 
8,707 
11,132 
46,507 
Foreign exchange differences on cash and cash 
equivalents .................................................................... 
339 
935 
(1,127) 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................ 
129,580 
120,533 
108,466 
 
Net cash flow from / (used in) operating activities decreased to €702 million in the year ended 31 
December 2022 compared to €23,563 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly due to a net 
change in loans and advances to and deposits from credit institutions. 
Net cash flow from / (used in) investing activities decreased to minus €79 million in the year ended 
31 December 2022 compared to €141 million in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Net cash flow from / (used in) financing activities increased to €8,084 million in the year ended 31 
December 2022 compared to minus €12,572 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly due to 
the proceeds from debt securities in issue. 
Working capital 
In the opinion of Rabobank Group, its working capital is sufficient for its present requirements, that 
is for at least 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus. Rabobank Group currently complies 
with the applicable own funds and liquidity requirements as set out in the CRD IV Directive as implemented 
in the FMSA and CRR. 
Selected Statistical Information* 
The following section discusses selected statistical information regarding Rabobank Group’s 
operations. Unless otherwise indicated, average balances are calculated based on monthly balances and 
geographic data are based on the domicile of the customer. See “Results of operations” for an analysis of 
fluctuations in Rabobank Group’s results between periods.

--- Page 345 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
345 
Return on equity and assets 
(in percentages) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Return on assets (in percentages)(1) ............................  
0.41 
0.56 
0.17 
Net profit (in millions of euro) .......................................  
2,786 
3,692 
1,096 
Total average assets (month-end balances in billions 
of euro) .........................................................................  
685.5 
660.8 
630.1 
Return on equity (in percentages)(2) .............................  
6.15 
8.72 
2.68 
Net profit (in millions of euro) .......................................  
2,786 
3,692 
1,096 
Total average equity (quarter-end balance in billions 
of euro) .........................................................................  
45.5 
42.4 
40.8 
Equity to assets ratio (in percentages)(3) 
 
6.78 
6.48 
6.53 
Total average equity (quarter-end balances in billions 
of euro) .........................................................................  
45.3 
42.4 
40.8 
Total average assets (quarter-end balances in billions 
of euro) .........................................................................  
668.6 
654.0 
626.2 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
The return on assets states net profit as a percentage of total average assets, based on month-end balances. 
(2) 
The return on equity is a profitability ratio which states net profit as a percentage of average equity, based on 
quarter-end balances. 
(3) 
The equity to assets ratio is a leverage ratio and is calculated by dividing average equity by average total assets, 
based on quarter-end balances. 
 
The following table presents information relating to payments on Rabobank Certificates for the years 
ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
(in millions of euro, except percentages) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Average outstanding Rabobank Certificates(1) .............  
7,824 
7,824 
7,477 
Payments .....................................................................  
509 
509 
0 
Average yield(2) ............................................................  
6.50% 
6.50% 
0%
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Average outstanding Rabobank Certificates based on month-end balances. 
(2) 
Average yield is calculated by dividing payments by the average outstanding Rabobank Certificates. 
 
Loan portfolio 
Rabobank Group’s loan portfolio consists of loans, overdrafts, assets subject to operating leases, 
finance lease receivables to governments, corporations and consumers and reverse repurchase 
agreements. The following table analyses Rabobank Group’s loan portfolio by sector as at 31 December 
2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020:

--- Page 346 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
346 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in billions of euro) 
 
2022 
2021
(adjusted) 
2020
(adjusted) 
Private sector lending ................................................... 
432.1 
417.7 
409.4 
Loans to government clients ......................................... 
1.4 
2.0 
2.0 
Receivables relating to securities transactions ............. 
8.5 
13.9 
17.4 
Hedge accounting ......................................................... 
(13.1) 
3.4 
7.4 
Total loans and advances to customers ................... 
428.9 
437.0 
436.2 
Loan impairment allowance loans and advances to 
customers ..................................................................... 
2.9 
3.5 
4.7 
Reclassified assets ....................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
Gross loans and advances to customers ................. 
431.8 
440.5 
440.9 
 
The following table sets forth a geographic breakdown of Rabobank Group’s private sector loan 
portfolio as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2022 
2021
(adjusted) 
2020 
The Netherlands ........................................................... 
293,781 
293,435 
293,739 
Other European countries in the EU zone .................... 
38,215 
34,807 
34,027 
North America ............................................................... 
47,691 
42,129 
37,387 
Latin America ................................................................ 
16,425 
13,106 
11,852 
Asia ............................................................................... 
7,269 
7,375 
7,456 
Australia ........................................................................ 
28,439 
26,524 
24,483 
Africa ............................................................................. 
301 
308 
436 
Total private sector lending ....................................... 
432,121 
417,684 
409,380 
 
Risk Elements 
Breakdown of assets and liabilities by repayment date 
The table below shows assets and liabilities grouped according to the period remaining from the 
reporting date to the contractual repayment date. These amounts correspond with the amounts included 
in the consolidated statement of financial position. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022  
 
in millions of euros 
 
On demand 
Less than 3 
months 
3 months to
1 year 
1-5 years 
Longer than
5 years 
No maturity
applicable 
Total 
Financial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
129,110 
— 
— 
10 
— 
460 
129,580 
Loans and advances to 
credit institutions ................  
5,191 
2,631 
810 
86 
33 
2,370 
11,121

--- Page 347 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
347 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022  
 
in millions of euros 
 
On demand 
Less than 3 
months 
3 months to
1 year 
1-5 years 
Longer than
5 years 
No maturity
applicable 
Total 
Financial assets held for 
trading ................................  
530 
362 
80 
581 
938 
251 
2,742 
Financial assets 
mandatorily at fair value ....  
6 
31 
200 
34 
437 
1,594 
2,302 
Derivatives .........................  
1,390 
1,603 
1,612 
5,920 
16,340 
— 
26,865 
Loan and advances to 
customers ..........................  
37,527 
14,674 
36,195 
121,667 
217,315 
1,483 
428,861 
Financial assets at fair 
value through OCI .............  
724 
627 
1,185 
3,474 
5,314 
171 
11,495 
Other assets (excluding 
employee benefits) ............  
946 
718 
643 
2,532 
151 
2,046 
7,036 
Total financial assets ......  
175,424 
20,646 
40,725 
134,304 
240,528 
8,375 
620,002 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits from credit 
institutions..........................  
3,685 
890 
5,967 
18,227 
535 
2,239 
31,543 
Deposits from customers ..  
346,042 
7,341 
9,277 
8,756 
19,056 
6,000 
396,472 
Debt securities in issue .....  
6,271 
13,500 
31,370 
38,731 
22,435 
— 
112,307 
Derivatives .........................  
1,754 
2,334 
2,031 
4,566 
9,512 
1 
20,198 
Financial liabilities held for 
trading ................................  
— 
1,543 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,543 
Other liabilities (excluding 
employee benefits) ............  
1,991 
1,426 
908 
747 
78 
151 
5,301 
Lease Liabilities .................  
3 
19 
46 
210 
108 
— 
386 
Financial liabilities 
designated at fair value .....  
29 
111 
129 
962 
1,368 
— 
2,599 
Subordinated liabilities ......  
25 
51 
1,166 
5,277 
3,577 
— 
10,096 
Total financial liabilities ..  
359,800 
27,215 
50,894 
77,476 
56,669 
8,391 
580,445 
Net balance ......................  
(184,376) 
(6,569) 
(10,169) 
56,828 
183,859 
(16) 
39,557 
 
The overview presented above has been composed on the basis of contractual information and 
does not represent the actual movements of these financial instruments. However, such actual movements 
are taken into account for the day-to-day management of the liquidity risk. Deposits from customers are 
an example. Under contract, these are payable on demand. Historically, this is a very stable source of 
long-term financing that Rabobank has at its disposal. 
Interest rate sensitivity* 
The key indicators used for managing the interest rate risk are the Basis Point Value (“BPV”), the 
Equity at Risk and the Income at Risk. 
The BPV is the absolute loss of economic value of equity after a parallel shift of the yield curve with 
1 basis point. In 2022, the BPV was minus 14.3 EUR million. 
Long-term interest rate risk is measured and managed using the Equity at Risk concept. Equity at 
Risk is the sensitivity of Rabobank Group’s economic value of equity to interest rate fluctuations. A 100 
basis point overnight upward parallel shock of the curve will result in a 4.4 per cent. drop in economic value 
of equity (figure at 31 December 2022). 
Short-term interest rate risk is monitored using the Income at Risk concept. This is the amount of 
net interest income that is put at risk on an annual basis, based on certain interest rate scenarios. If interest

--- Page 348 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
348 
rates were to gradually decrease 200 basis points over a one-year period, net interest income would 
decrease by €874 million (figure at 31 December 2022). 
Cross-border outstandings* 
Cross-border outstandings are defined as loans (including accrued interest), acceptances, interest-
earning deposits with other banks, other interest-earning investments and any other monetary assets 
which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the office or subsidiary where 
the extension of credit is booked. To the extent that the material local currency outstandings are not hedged 
or are not funded by local currency borrowings, such amounts are included in cross-border outstandings. 
At 31 December 2022, there were no cross-border outstandings exceeding 1 per cent. of total assets 
in any country where current conditions give rise to liquidity problems which are expected to have a material 
impact on the timely repayment of interest or principal. 
The following table analyses cross-border outstandings at the end of each of the last three years 
and as at 31 December 2022, stating the name of the country and the aggregate amount of cross-border 
outstandings in each foreign country where such outstandings exceeded 1 per cent. of total assets, by 
type of borrower:  
(in millions of euros) 
 
Banks 
Public 
authorities 
Private 
sector 
Total
As at 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
United Kingdom ....................................  
1,783 
4 
8,597 
10,384
As at 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
United Kingdom ....................................  
7,684 
2 
10,015 
17,701
France  .................................................  
5,134 
1,566 
1,067 
7,767
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
United Kingdom  ...................................  
8,772 
— 
11,992 
20,764
 
Diversification of loan portfolio* 
One of the principal factors influencing the quality of the earnings and the loan portfolio is 
diversification of loans, e.g. by industry or by region. Rabobank Group uses the North America Industry 
Classification System (“NAICS”) as the leading system to classify industries. NAICS distinguishes a large 
number of sectors, subsectors and industries. 
The following table is based on data according to NAICS and represents the loan portfolio of 
Rabobank Group loans by main sector at 31 December 2022: 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022  
(in millions of euros) 
 
On balance 
Off balance 
Total
Commodities .................................................................  
30,338 
6,949 
37,287
Animal protein ...............................................................  
22,237 
5,990 
28,227
Beverage .......................................................................  
3,734 
2,554 
6,288
Consumer Foods ..........................................................  
11,246 
5,316 
16,562
Dairy ..............................................................................  
21,002 
3,284 
24,286
Farm Inputs ...................................................................  
11,183 
5,403 
16,586
Fresh Produce ..............................................................  
12,617 
2,058 
14,675

--- Page 349 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
349 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022  
(in millions of euros) 
 
On balance 
Off balance 
Total
Other food and agri .......................................................  
948 
451 
1,399
Total private sector lending to food and agri ...........  
113,305 
32,005 
145,310
Manufacturing ...............................................................  
13,882 
7,946 
21,828
Energy ...........................................................................  
9,710 
13,442 
23,152
Construction ..................................................................  
6,629 
4,070 
10,699
Wholesale and retail trade ............................................  
15,472 
9,558 
25,030
Transportation and storage ...........................................  
6,726 
2,369 
9,095
Accommodation and food service activities ..................  
4,889 
2,175 
7,064
Information and communication ....................................  
2,612 
2,521 
5,133
Financial and insurance activities .................................  
15,546 
11,242 
26,788
Real estate activities .....................................................  
18,875 
1,570 
20,445
Professional, scientific and technical activities .............  
3,792 
1,716 
5,508
Administrative and support service activities ................  
5,461 
1,299 
6,760
Education ......................................................................  
658 
60 
718
Human Health and social work activities ......................  
6,148 
1,568 
7,716
Arts, entertainment and recreation ................................  
1,265 
225 
1,490
Other non food and agri ................................................  
2,692 
1,249 
3,941
Total private sector lending to trade, industry and 
services  .......................................................................  
114,357 
61,010 
175,367
Private individuals .........................................................  
204,459 
10,496 
214,956
Total private sector lending .......................................  
432,121 
103,511 
535,632
 
Apart from loans and advances to credit institutions (€11.1 billion at 31 December 2022 which is 1.8 
per cent. of total assets), Rabobank’s only significant risk concentration, in the private sector portfolio, is 
loans to private individuals which accounted for 48 per cent. of the private sector loan portfolio at 31 
December 2022. This portfolio has a relatively low risk profile as evidenced by the actual losses incurred 
in previous years. The proportion of the total loan portfolio attributable to the food and agri sector was 26 
per cent. at 31 December 2022. The proportion of the total loan portfolio attributable to trade, industry and 
services was 26 per cent. at 31 December 2022. Loans to trade, industry and services and loans to the 
food and agri sector are both spread over a wide range of industries in many different countries. None of 
these shares represents more than 10 per cent. of the total loan portfolio. 
Non-performing loans* 
Rabobank focuses on reducing non-performing loans. These must meet one of the following criteria: 
 
They are material loans in arrears by more than 90 days. The threshold for materiality amounts to 
€1,000 per facility for retail exposures and expert judgement for other asset classes within 
Rabobank Group; 
 
The debtor is assessed as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of collateral, 
regardless of the existence of any past due amount or the number of days past due.

--- Page 350 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
350 
On 31 December 2022 the non-performing loans (NPL) had decreased to €8.6 billion compared to 
€9.2 billion in 2021. The NPL ratio was 1.5 per cent. compared to 1.6 per cent. in 2021 and the NPL 
Coverage ratio was 20 per cent. compared to 24 per cent. in 2021. The decrease of NPL was in the two 
largest business segments and the result of effective NPL management in combination with a relatively 
low inflow into the NPL portfolio due to the continued good performance of the economy in 2022. 
The following table provides an analysis of Rabobank Group’s non-performing loans by business at 
31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
 
At 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020
DRB ..............................................................................  
4,515 
4,651 
7,284
W&R ..............................................................................  
3,379 
3,884 
5,592
Leasing .........................................................................  
741 
696 
1,006
Property Development ..................................................  
1 
1 
0
Rabobank Group .........................................................  
8,636 
9,231 
13,882
 
Summary of loan loss experience* 
The following table shows the movements in the allocation of the allowance for loan losses on loans 
accounted for as loans to customers as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
DRB .............................................................................. 
1,664 
2,393 
2,124 
W&R .............................................................................. 
1,522 
1,849 
1,596 
Leasing ......................................................................... 
422 
602 
357 
Property Development .................................................. 
1 
0 
14 
Other ............................................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
Balance on 1 January ................................................. 
3,609 
4,844 
4,091 
DRB .............................................................................. 
(204) 
(325) 
(417) 
W&R .............................................................................. 
(567) 
(329) 
(487) 
Leasing ......................................................................... 
(109) 
(151) 
(183) 
Property Development .................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
Other ............................................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
Write-down of defaulted loans during the period .... 
(880) 
(805) 
(1,087) 
DRB .............................................................................. 
8 
(1) 
8 
W&R .............................................................................. 
6 
(62) 
(149) 
Leasing ......................................................................... 
(229) 
0 
(20) 
Property Development .................................................. 
0 
0 
(15) 
Other ............................................................................. 
0 
1 
0 
Interest and other adjustments ................................. 
(215) 
(63) 
(176)

--- Page 351 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
351 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
DRB 
 
(29) 
(403) 
678 
W&R 
 
201 
64 
889 
Leasing 
 
311 
(29) 
448 
Property Development 
 
0 
0 
1 
Other 
 
0 
0 
0 
Net additions 
 
483 
(367) 
2,016 
DRB .............................................................................. 
1,439 
1,664 
2,393 
W&R .............................................................................. 
1,162 
1,522 
1,849 
Leasing ......................................................................... 
395 
422 
602 
Property Development .................................................. 
1 
1 
0 
Other ............................................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
Balance on end of period ........................................... 
2,997 
3,609 
4,844 
 
Deposits from customers 
The following table presents a breakdown of deposits from customers as at 31 December 2022, 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020. Interest rates paid on time deposits and savings deposits reflect 
market conditions and not all current accounts earn interest. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021
(adjusted) 
2020
Current accounts ...........................................................  
136,046 
126,618 
107,706
Deposits with agreed maturity .......................................  
65,157 
61,241 
56,411
Deposits redeemable at notice .....................................  
194,644 
183,689 
190,699
Repurchase agreements ...............................................  
625 
527 
550
Fiduciary deposits .........................................................  
- 
306 
5,570
Other deposits from customers .....................................  
- 
- 
92
Total deposits from customers .................................  
396,472 
372,381 
361,028
 
Short-term borrowings* 
Short-term borrowings are borrowings with an original maturity of one year or less. These are 
included in Rabobank Group’s consolidated statement of financial position within the line item “Debt 
securities in issue”. The following table includes an analysis of the balance of short-term borrowings as at 
31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 is provided below. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022
2021 
2020
End of period balance ...................................................  
38,643 
25,313 
23,162

--- Page 352 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
352 
 
 
As at 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022
2021 
2020
Average balance ...........................................................  
42,096 
31,031 
26,275
Maximum month-end balance .......................................  
45,560 
38,222 
29,962
 
Long-term borrowings* 
Long-term borrowings are borrowings with an original maturity of more than one year. These are 
included in Rabobank Group’s consolidated statement of financial position within the line items “Debt 
securities in issue” and “Other financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss”. The following table 
includes an analysis of the balance of long-term borrowings as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020 is provided below. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
End of period balance ................................................... 
76,264 
87,799 
95,534 
Average balance ........................................................... 
80,459 
86,991 
100,064 
Maximum month-end balance ....................................... 
84,493 
91,021 
105,707

--- Page 353 ---
Selected financial information 
 
353 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
The following selected financial data for the year ended 31 December 2020 are derived from the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 December 2021. The 
following selected financial data for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are derived from the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 which 
has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. The financial ratios, excluding the 
leverage ratio, the fully loaded common equity tier 1 ratio and loan impairment charges in basis points of 
average lending which are marked with an asterisk (*), are derived from the audited consolidated financial 
statements of Rabobank Group for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
The data should be read in conjunction with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (and 
related notes), incorporated by reference herein and “Important Information – Responsibility statement – 
Presentation of Financial and other Information”, “Capitalisation and indebtedness of Rabobank Group” 
and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included 
in this Base Prospectus. Rabobank Group’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and comply with Part 9 of Book 2 of 
the DCC.  
The financial data in the (sub) paragraphs in this chapter marked with an asterisk (*) have not been 
directly extracted from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements but instead are derived from other 
accounting records of Rabobank. 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021
(adjusted) 
2020 
(adjusted) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ..........................................  
129,580 
120,534 
108,466 
Loans and advances to credit institutions ....................  
11,121 
22,067 
21,383 
Financial assets held for trading ..................................  
2,742 
2,490 
2,536 
Financial assets designated at fair value .....................  
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets mandatorily at fair value ....................  
2,302 
2,506 
2,075 
Derivatives ...................................................................  
26,865 
22,971 
29,638 
Loans and advances to customers ..............................  
428,861 
437,001 
436,182 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income…………………………………..  
11,495 
13,565 
15,495 
Investments in associates and joint ventures ..............  
1,679 
2,282 
2,183 
Goodwill and other intangible assets ...........................  
847 
678 
740 
Property and equipment ...............................................  
4,265 
4,432 
4,565 
Investment properties ..................................................  
562 
438 
450 
Current tax assets ........................................................  
105 
133 
136 
Deferred tax assets ......................................................  
800 
803 
849

--- Page 354 ---
Selected financial information 
 
354 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021
(adjusted) 
2020 
(adjusted) 
Other assets .................................................................  
7,039 
9,258 
7,508 
Non-current assets held for sale ..................................  
250 
73 
52 
Total assets ................................................................  
628,513 
639,231 
632,258 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021
(adjusted) 
2020 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Deposits from credit institutions ...................................  
31,543 
72,678 
61,162 
Deposits from customers .............................................  
396,472 
372,381 
361,028 
Debt securities in issue ................................................  
112,307 
109,272 
113,521 
Financial liabilities held for trading ...............................  
1,543 
1,424 
998 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value ..................  
2,599 
3,840 
5,175 
Derivatives ...................................................................  
20,198 
18,710 
28,402 
Other liabilities .............................................................  
5,850 
5,324 
6,647 
Provisions ....................................................................  
885 
1,072 
619 
Current tax liabilities .....................................................  
433 
759 
158 
Deferred tax liabilities ...................................................  
229 
343 
430 
Subordinated liabilities .................................................  
10,096 
10,026 
13,486 
Liabilities held for sale ..................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total liabilities ............................................................  
582,155 
595,829 
591,626 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021
(adjusted) 
2020 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
Reserves and retained earnings ..................................  
33,029 
31,097 
27,852 
Equity instruments issued by Rabobank 
 
 
 
 
– 
Rabobank Certificates ...........................................  
7,825 
7,825 
7,822 
– 
Capital Securities ...................................................  
4,971 
3,978 
4,482 
 
 
12,796 
11,803 
12,304 
Other non-controlling interests .....................................  
533 
502 
476 
Total equity ..................................................................  
46,358 
43,402 
40,632 
Total equity and liabilities .............................................  
628,513 
639,231 
632,258

--- Page 355 ---
Selected financial information 
 
355 
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations —
Change in accounting policies and presentation” for a comparison of the figures that were adjusted in the 
audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
compared to, respectively, the audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020
(adjusted)
Net interest income ......................................................   
9,149 
8,351 
7,997
Net fee and commission income ..................................   
2,106 
2,008 
1,780
Other results ................................................................   
829 
1,810 
1,005
Income ........................................................................   
12,084 
12,169 
10,782
Staff costs ....................................................................  
5,023 
4,657 
4,684
Other administrative expenses ....................................   
1,689 
2,035 
1,463
Depreciation and amortisation .....................................   
337 
352 
395
Operating expenses ...................................................   
7,049 
7,044 
6,542
Impairment losses on goodwill and associates……….  
105 
— 
283
Impairment charges on financial assets .......................   
344 
(474) 
1,913
Regulatory levies .........................................................   
667 
722 
548
Operating profit before tax ........................................   
3,919 
4,877 
1,496
Income tax ...................................................................  
1,133 
1,185 
400
Net profit .....................................................................   
2,786 
3,692 
1,096
Of which attributed to Rabobank ..................................  
2,011 
2,910 
822
Of which attributed to holders of Rabobank Certificates
 .....................................................................................   
509 
509 
—
Of which attributed to Capital Securities issued by 
Rabobank .....................................................................   
190 
177 
233
Of which attributed to non-controlling interests ............   
76 
96 
41
Net profit for the year ................................................   
2,786 
3,692 
1,096
 
Financial Ratios: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Total capital ratio ..........................................................  
21.1% 
22.6% 
24.2%
Tier 1 ratio ....................................................................  
18.0% 
19.2% 
19.0%
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio .........................................  
16.0% 
17.4% 
16.8%

--- Page 356 ---
Selected financial information 
 
356 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Equity capital ratio ........................................................  
17.4% 
18.8% 
18.0%
Leverage ratio* .............................................................  
6.6% 
7.3% 
7.0%
Impairment charges on financial assets (in basis 
points of average lending) ............................................  
8 
(11) 
46

--- Page 357 ---
Risk management 
 
357 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Rabobank Group places a high priority on the management of risk and has extensive procedures in 
place for systematic risk management. Within Rabobank Group, the risk management policies relating to 
credit risk, interest rate risk, market risk and liquidity risk are developed and monitored by the Risk 
Management Committee Rabobank Group (“RMC”) in cooperation with the Risk Management Department. 
The RMC is responsible for financial and non-financial risk management, establishing risk policy, setting 
risk measurement standards, broadly determining limits and monitoring developments, and advising the 
Managing Board on all relevant issues regarding risk management. 
The principal risks faced by Rabobank Group are credit risk, country risk, interest rate risk, liquidity 
risk, market risk, operational risk (including legal risk) and currency risk. Rabobank has implemented an 
economic capital framework to determine the amount of capital it should hold on the basis of its risk profile 
and desired credit rating. Economic capital represents the amount of capital needed to cover for all risks 
associated with a certain activity. The economic capital framework makes it possible to compare different 
risk categories with each other because all risks are analysed by using the same methodology. See also 
“Risk Factors”.  
Credit risk 
Rabobank Group aims to offer continuity in its services. It therefore pursues a prudent credit policy. 
Once granted, loans are carefully managed so there is a continuous monitoring of credit risk. At 31 
December 2022, 48 per cent. of Rabobank Group’s private sector lending consisted of loans to private 
individuals, mainly residential mortgages, which tend to have a very low risk profile in relative terms. The 
remaining 52 per cent. was a highly diversified portfolio of loans to business clients in the Netherlands and 
internationally.  
Within the boundaries set by the RMC the Managing Board has delegated decision-making authority 
to transactional committees and to credit decision approval officers that operate on an entity level, regional 
level or central level at Rabobank. In addition, credit committees review all significant risks in credit 
proposals to arrive at a systematic judgment and a balanced decision. Rabobank has various levels of 
credit committees. Applications exceeding authority level of a credit committee are complemented with a 
recommendation and submitted to a ‘higher’ credit committee for decision-making. Within Rabobank the 
‘highest’ transactional committees are the following: 
 
Central Credit Committee Rabobank Group (CCCRG) – The CCCRG takes credit decisions on 
credit applications subject to the ‘corporate credit approval route’ exceeding: 
 
the authority of Credit Approvals Local Banks (CA LB) – This department is responsible for 
decisions on requests for non-classified (Credit Risk Classifier Good or Early Warning; 
formerly known as Loan Quality Classification Good or OLEM) obligors exceeding the 
authority of Local Banks in The Netherlands. 
 
the authority of Credit Approvals Wholesale & Rural (CA Wholesale & Rural) – This 
department is responsible for decisions on requests for non-classified (Credit Risk Classifier 
Good or Early Warning; formerly known as Loan Quality Classification Good or OLEM) 
obligors exceeding the authority of De Lage Landen (DLL) or a W&R office/region. 
 
the authority of the Credit Committee Financial Restructuring & Recovery (CC-FR&R) - This 
credit committee takes credit decisions on proposals for classified (Credit Risk Classifier 
Financial Difficulties or Default; formerly known as Loan Quality Classification Substandard, 
Doubtful or Loss) obligors exceeding the authority of local credit committees and the FR&R 
department.

--- Page 358 ---
Risk management 
 
358 
 
Country & Financial Institutions Committee (CFIC) – The CFIC takes credit decisions on proposals 
exceeding the authority of Country & Financial Institutions Risk. This department is responsible for 
the risk management of exposure on financial institutions and sovereigns/countries. 
 
Loan Loss Provision Committee (LLPC) – The LLPC is responsible for determining the level of 
expected credit loss (ECL) provisions for Rabobank. This responsibility is delegated by the 
Managing Board. The Committee approves the setting of provisioning levels for both model-based 
(stage 1, stage 2 and stage 3a) and individually assessed exposures (stage 3b) in the loan book 
(businesses and private individuals/mortgages) as well as top level adjustments, estimates based 
on individual assessments and expert judgments are used. In addition, the LLPC considers relevant 
internal and external information in its decisions. This includes the outcomes of the backstop 
process and forward-looking elements such as budget forecasts, scenario analyses or stress test 
outcomes. Following such considerations, the Committee may approve deviations from the 
provisioning estimates and/or provide strategic recommendations to the Managing Board.  
The Terms of Reference (ToR) provide the mandate, responsibilities and scope, hierarchical 
relationships, membership, authority levels and modalities of these approval bodies. Credit committees 
take decisions on the basis of consensus, unless local regulation requires majority voting. Consensus is 
reached when there is a general agreement and none of the members has fundamental objections to the 
decision. When no consensus can be reached, an application is considered declined. In the case of 
majority voting, the representative(s) from the Risk department must have a veto right. 
For efficiency reasons credit committees can delegate part of their authority. A single person may 
not take a credit decision solely based on its own opinion; this means that a 4-eyes principle applies or 
decisions are system supported, in which case one person is allowed to decide as long as the credit is 
assessed as acceptable by an expert system or meets predefined criteria (the credit complies with decision 
tools). Fully IT supported assessments and approvals are allowed under strict conditions. 
The credit committees play a key role in ensuring consistency among Rabobank standards of credit 
analysis, compliance with the overall Rabobank credit policy and consistent use of the rating models. The 
credit policy sets the parameters and remit of each committee, including the maximum amount they are 
allowed to approve for limits or transactions. Policies are also in place which restrict or prohibit certain 
counterparty types or industries. As a rule, all counterparty limits and internal ratings are reviewed once a 
year (corporate clients) at a minimum. Where counterparties are assigned a low loan quality classification, 
they are reviewed on a more frequent basis. Credit committees may request for more frequent reviews as 
well. 
With respect to the management of Rabobank Group’s exposure to credit risk, Rabobank’s 
Enterprise Risk Department within overall Risk Management play a key role. Credit applications beyond 
certain limits are subject to a thorough credit analysis by credit officers of Enterprise Risk. Enterprise Risk 
monitors and reports about Rabobank Group’s credit portfolio and develops new methods for quantifying 
credit risks. 
Risk profiling is also undertaken at the portfolio level using internal risk classifications for portfolio 
modelling. Internal credit ratings are assigned to borrowers by allocating all outstanding loans into various 
risk categories on a regular basis. 
Rabobank applies the IRB approach to the vast majority of its credit portfolio (including retail) to 
calculate its regulatory capital requirements according to CRR (CRD IV). The IRB approach is the most 
sophisticated and risk-sensitive of the CRR (CRD IV) approaches for credit risk, allowing Rabobank to 
make use of its internal rating methodologies and models. Rabobank combines CRR (CRD IV) compliance 
activities with a Pillar 2 framework. The approach represents key risk components for internal risk 
measurement and risk management processes. Key benefits are a more efficient credit approval process, 
improved internal monitoring and reporting of credit risk. Another important metric is the Risk Adjusted

--- Page 359 ---
Risk management 
 
359 
Return On Capital (RAROC) for a transaction as part of the credit application. This enables credit risk 
officers and committees to make better informed credit decisions. The IRB approach uses the Probability 
of Default (PD), Loss Given Default (LGD), Exposure at Default (EAD) and Maturity (M) as input for the 
regulatory capital formula. 
Rabobank Group believes it has a framework of policies and processes in place that is designed to 
measure, manage and mitigate credit risks. Rabobank Group’s policy for accepting new clients is 
characterised by careful assessment of clients and their ability to make repayments on credit granted. 
Rabobank Group’s objective is to enter into long-term relationships with clients which are beneficial for 
both the client and Rabobank Group. 
Exposure at Default (“EAD”) is the expected exposure to the client in the event of, and at the time 
of, a counterparty’s default. As at 31 December 2022, in terms of EAD, Rabobank had the following 
exposures per approach: Advanced Internal Rating-Based (“AIRB”) €643.5 billion (2021: €619.6 billion), 
Foundation Internal Ratings-Based (“FIRB”) €1.6 billion (2021: €4.2 billion) and Standardised Approach 
(“SA”) €20.6 billion (2021: €14.9 billion). This EAD includes the expected future usage of unused credit 
lines. As part of its approval process Rabobank Group uses the Rabobank Risk Rating system, which 
indicates the counterparty’s PD over a one-year period. The counterparties have been assigned to one of 
the 25 rating classes, including four default ratings. These default ratings are assigned if the customer 
defaults, the form of which varies from payment arrears of 90 days to bankruptcy. The weighted average 
PD of the performing IRB loan portfolio is 0.84 per cent. (2021: 0.91 per cent.). 
The following table shows the non-performing loans of 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 
2020 per business unit as a percentage of gross carrying amount:  
Non-performing loans/gross carrying amount per business unit  
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in percentages) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
DRB .............................................................................  
1.6 
1.7 
2.7 
W&R .............................................................................  
1.3 
1.5 
2.2 
Leasing ........................................................................  
1.9 
2.0 
3.0 
Property Development .................................................  
0.5 
0.3 
0.1 
Rabobank Group ..........................................................  
1.5 
1.6 
2.5 
 
Impairment charges 
Once a loan has been granted, ongoing credit management takes place as part of which new 
information, both financial and non-financial, is assessed. Rabobank monitors whether the client meets all 
its obligations and whether it can be expected the client will continue to do so. If this is not the case, credit 
management is intensified, monitoring becomes more frequent and a closer eye is kept on credit terms. 
Guidance is provided by a special unit within Rabobank Group, particularly in case of larger and more 
complex loans granted to businesses whose continuity is at stake. If it is unlikely that the obligor will pay 
its debt obligations (principal, interest and/or fees) in full without recourse by the bank to actions such as 
realising security, this is a matter of impairment and an allowance is made which is charged to income. 
The following table sets forth Rabobank Group’s impairment charges for the years ended 31 
December 2022, 2021 and 2020 per business unit as a percentage of private sector lending:

--- Page 360 ---
Risk management 
 
360 
Impairment charges/average private sector lending per business unit 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(in percentages) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
DRB .........................................................  
(0.03) 
(0.16) 
0.23 
 
W&R ........................................................  
0.14 
0.04 
0.81 
 
Leasing ....................................................  
0.68 
(0.21) 
1.17 
 
Property Development .............................  
0.04 
0.36 
0.65 
 
Rabobank Group ....................................  
0.08 
(0.11) 
0.46 
 
 
Country risk 
Rabobank uses a country limit system to manage collective debtor risk and transfer risk. After 
careful review, relevant countries are given an internal country risk rating, after which, general limits and 
transfer limits are set. Transfer limits are introduced based on the net transfer risk, which is defined as total 
loans granted less loans granted in local currency, guarantees, other collateral obtained to cover transfer 
risk and a deduction related to the reduced weighting of specific products. The limits are allocated to the 
local business units, which are themselves responsible for the day-to-day monitoring of loans that have 
been granted and for reporting on this to the Risk Management function. At Rabobank Group level, the 
country risk outstanding is reported to the Country & Financial Institutions Committee (CFIC). Special Basel 
II parameters, specifically EATE (Exposure at Transfer Event), PTE (Probability of Transfer Event) and 
LGTE (Loss Given Transfer Event), are used to calculate the additional capital requirement for transfer 
risk. These calculations are made in accordance with internal guidelines and cover all countries where 
transfer risk is relevant. 
Based on the concept of country of ultimate risk, the collective debtor risk for non-industrial non-
OECD countries stood at €31.7 billion (2021: €28.5 billion) at year-end 2022. The net ultimate transfer risk 
before allowances for these countries amounted to €25.0 billion (2021: €19.9 billion) at year-end 2022, 
which corresponds to 4.0 per cent. (2021: 3.1 per cent.) of total assets. Total assets were €628.5 billion 
(2021: €639.2 billion). The total allowance for ultimate country risk amounted to €442 million (2021: €580 
million), which corresponds to 14.8 per cent. (2021: 16.1 per cent.) of the total allowance of €3.0 billion 
(2021: €3.6 billion). It should be noted that reduced weighting of specific products is not included in the 
transfer risk figure. 
Risk in non-OECD countries  
in millions of euros 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
Regions 
 
Europe 
Africa 
Latin
America 
Asia/
Pacific 
Total 
As % of
total
assets 
Ultimate country risk (exclusive 
of derivatives) ..............................  
3,286 
850 
16,325 
11,279 
31,740 
5.1%
- of which in local currency 
exposure .......................................  
277 
3 
5,089 
1,360 
6,729 
1.1%
Net ultimate country risk before 
allowance ......................................  
3,009 
847 
11,236 
9,919 
25,011 
4.0
 
%

--- Page 361 ---
Risk management 
 
361 
in millions of euros 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
Regions 
 
Europe 
Africa 
Latin
America 
Asia/
Pacific 
Total 
As % of
total
assets 
Ultimate country risk (exclusive 
of derivatives) ..............................  
3,286 
850 
16,325 
11,279 
31,740 
5.1%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As % of
total
allowance 
Total allowance for ultimate country 
risk ................................................  
19 
0 
323 
101 
442 
14.8%
 
2023 started with a positive rebound in global economic activity across the board, but was quickly 
overshadowed by stubborn inflation, higher financing costs, the lingering impact of disrupted supply chains 
and financial market uncertainty about the impact of these trends. Notably, the large-scale lay-offs in the 
Tech sector globally, which has shown strong growth and performance in recent years, reflects concerns 
about rising funding costs and the prospect of a recession.   
More recently, this uncertainty has exposed underlying weaknesses in the U.S. banking sector, and 
particularly in the smaller, regional banks. Market fear over the stability of the banking sector exacerbated 
ongoing issues at Credit Suisse, a Swiss bank, which is to be taken over by UBS, another Swiss bank and 
its rival. The direct impact of these events on the Rabobank portfolio is very limited, as the direct exposure 
to affected U.S. banks was very limited, and Rabobank had implemented precautionary measures in 
relation to Credit Suisse in light of its ongoing issues. Nonetheless, the recent market turmoil highlights the 
structural deficiencies caused in by prolonged monetary stimulus, and this remains on Rabobank’s radar 
in the coming months.  
In recent years, the COVID-19 pandemic was a major contributor to global uncertainty and therefore 
country risk to Rabobank. Following the end of China’s economically and socially untenable zero-tolerance 
policy toward COVID-19, and the absence of new waves of infections in Europe and the US over the winter 
period of 2022-23, it seems that the worst of the COVID-19 crisis is over. Further, new variants may still 
emerge and negatively impact country risk. However, this has not led to direct material issues in 
Rabobank’s Emerging Markets portfolio. Post-Covid, China was able to prevent a recession and emerged 
relatively unscathed economically. However, in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chains 
remain disrupted and the monetary and fiscal responses to the pandemic have significantly increased 
leverage globally, which has led to an increase in financial vulnerabilities mainly on the corporate and 
sovereign side. In China particularly, the demise of real-estate development giant Evergrande has caused 
serious concern vis-à-vis the real estate sector at large and its financial impact. The current accumulation 
of negative shocks (as mentioned above) against the background of an already slowing economy and a 
subsequent increase in the general debt overhang in the Chinese economy suggests that country risks 
remain tilted to the downside. Nevertheless, according to policy Rabobank’s exposure to China has a short 
tenor profile (90 per cent. is <1 year), which suggests that longer-term country risk concerns remain 
significantly mitigated.  Another factor contributing to country risk is the increase in geopolitical tensions 
around the world, particularly in light of Russia’s continued invasion of Ukraine and US House Speaker 
Nancy Pelosi’s visit to Taiwan in August 2022 amongst other events. Albeit material escalations seem 
unlikely, these developments together create a geopolitical chess board on which tail-end risks are 
increasing. Rabobank’s direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine is relatively limited to just 0.1 per cent of 
the private sector loan portfolio. It is not active in Belarus and exposure to neighbouring regions is very 
limited. Rabobank is continuously monitoring the actual and potential impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict 
on its loan portfolio, but the medium to long term ramifications for its clients remain uncertain. On the

--- Page 362 ---
Risk management 
 
362 
portfolio level, Rabobank’s clients’ dependency on Russian or Ukrainian revenues is immaterial. Some 
business sectors and loan portfolios are typically more vulnerable to second order impacts or current 
macroeconomic developments. However, Rabobank’s analyses and monitoring on client level 
demonstrate that currently many business clients are able to absorb or mitigate the current impact and/or 
pass on increased costs, while they were able to adapt their business models. As such, no significant 
increases in the number of clients in default are observed as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Another 
major factor which impacts the overall country risk outlook is the reversal of monetary policy in major 
economic centres, such as the US, the Eurozone and the UK, with central banks increasing benchmark 
interest rates in an effort in to quell increasingly entrenched inflation against continued strong labour 
markets and consumer demand. For Emerging Markets with structural weaknesses such as current 
account and government deficits, high levels of public debt and external debt, and dependencies on the 
imports of hydrocarbons and essential food commodities, the above factors prove difficult to address. After 
sovereign defaults in Sri Lanka and Ghana, to a varying extent continued pressure on the macroeconomic 
framework is seen in countries such as Pakistan, Egypt, Tunisia and Kenya. On the other hand, and apart 
from the fundamental issue of global inflation and the fall-out of that in public dissent, commodity exporters 
are doing relatively well. In that context, Brazil has passed a tumultuous presidential election in October 
2022. While the narrow victory of incoming President Lula remains contested by his opponent Bolsonaro, 
and some political noise should be expected (again, also on the back of inflationary pressure), the country 
seems to have retaken its normal course again. Brazil is well-positioned to continue benefiting from 
agricultural supply shortages elsewhere in the world, with Rabobank focusing primarily on export-oriented 
agricultural clients in Brazil. Some comfort may also be derived from the fact that most of the public debt 
is in local currency, while the country enjoys adequate FX buffers.  
Interest rate risk 
Rabobank Group is exposed to structural interest rate risk in its balance sheet. Interest rate risk can 
result from, among other things, mismatches in assets and liabilities; for example, mismatches between 
the periods for which interest rates are fixed on loans and funds entrusted. Rabobank Group uses four 
indicators for managing, controlling and limiting short- and long-term interest rate risk: EVE Supervisory 
Outlier Test, Basis Point Value, Earnings at Risk and Modified Duration. Based on the Basis Point Value, 
Earnings at Risk and Modified Duration analyses, the Managing Board forms an opinion with regard to the 
acceptability of losses related to projected interest rate scenarios and decides upon limits with regard to 
Rabobank Group’s interest rate risk profile. 
Rabobank Group’s short-term interest rate risk can be quantified by looking at the sensitivity of net 
interest income (interest income less interest expenses, before tax) for changes in interest rates. This 
“Earnings at Risk” figure represents the maximum decline in net interest income for the coming 12 months 
in a selection of interest rate scenarios, assuming no management intervention. The scenario with the 
largest negative effect on net interest income usually is the parallel down scenario in which the yield curve 
is gradually lowered during the first 12 months. The size of this downward shock is dependent on the level 
of the yield curve as strongly negative interest rates are not expected. As interest rates increased during 
2022, the size of the downward shock increased as the distance to the assumed floor widened. At the end 
of 2022 the assumed downward shock of the EUR yield curve was 200 basis points (at year-end 2021: 25 
basis points). The simulation of the possible net interest income development is based on internal interest 
rate risk methodology. The latter includes certain assumptions regarding the interest rate sensitivity of 
products with interest rates that are not directly linked to a certain money or capital market rate, such as 
savings of private customers. 
Rabobank Group’s long-term interest rate risk is measured and controlled based on the concept of 
“Modified Duration”, which is the sensitivity of Rabobank Group’s economic value of equity to an instant 
parallel change in interest rates of 100 basis points. The economic value of equity is defined as the present 
value of the assets less the present value of the liabilities plus the present value of the off-balance sheet

--- Page 363 ---
Risk management 
 
363 
items. In the Modified Duration calculation, client behaviour and the bank’s pricing policy are supposed to 
show no changes, while all market interest rates are assumed to increase by 100 basis points at once. 
Just as in the Earnings at Risk calculation, the impact analysis of these scenarios is based on an internal 
interest rate risk model. In that model, balance sheet items without a contractual maturity, like demand 
savings deposits and current accounts, are included as a replicating portfolio. Modified duration is 
expressed as a percentage. This percentage represents the deviation from the economic value of equity 
at the reporting date. 
As at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Earnings at Risk and 
Modified Duration for Rabobank Group were as follows:  
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros, except percentages) 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Earnings at Risk ...........................................................  
-874 
-33 
-74 
Modified Duration .........................................................  
4.4%% 
3.1% 
0.1%
 
In 2022, Rabobank’s net interest income was most sensitive to the interest rate down scenario. 
Earnings at Risk amounted to minus EUR 874 million on December 31, 2022, a substantially larger 
Earnings at Risk than on December 31, 2021 (minus EUR 33 million). This was driven by the sharp interest 
rate increases during 2022. This resulted in larger Earnings at Risk due to an increased potential for 
downward interest rate scenarios that are no longer constrained by an assumed floor. Rabobank Group's 
Modified Duration increased from 3.1% to 4.4% and stayed within internal limits. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that Rabobank or one of its subsidiaries will not be able to meet all of their 
payment and repayment obligations on time, as well as the risk that Rabobank will not be able to fund 
increases in assets at a reasonable price, if at all.  
The bank has in place a liquidity management framework equipped with adequate liquidity positions 
(stable funded balance sheet, sufficient and high-quality liquidity buffers, diversified funding profile, and 
limited structural currency mismatch with liquidity measures managed to target and well within risk limits). 
Liquidity is managed centrally, which means that individual locations adhere to the strategic principles of 
maintaining a stable, diversified and optimised funding mix on Group level whilst seeking their own funding 
and minimising local liquidity gaps.  
Prudent funding policies, a strong credit profile, and high capital levels are cornerstones for liquidity 
management. Rabobank takes various measures to avoid becoming overly dependent on a single source 
of wholesale funding. The sizeable retail deposit base can be considered as the anchor of the funding mix. 
The deposit base is complemented by centrally sourced deposits from large corporates and financial 
institutions. In addition to deposits, Rabobank attracts funding through the issuance of debt instruments. 
The bank maintains a prudent maturity profile of its debt instruments, thereby assuring itself of a reliable 
funding base, while adding to the flexibility of the bank’s balance sheet in terms of volume, tenor, and 
currency when compared to client-related deposits. 
Rabobank has developed several methods to measure and manage liquidity risk, including stress 
scenarios for calculating the survival period, i.e. the period that the liquidity buffer will hold up under severe 
market-specific or idiosyncratic stress. In the most severe stress scenario, it is assumed that Rabobank no 
longer has access to the capital markets, i.e. no long- or short-term debt can be issued or refinanced. 
Throughout 2022, Rabobank’s liquidity buffer remained at a prudent level and the minimum survival period 
of three months was comfortably met in all internally developed liquidity stress scenarios.

--- Page 364 ---
Risk management 
 
364 
Market risk 
Market Risk arises from the risk of losses on trading book positions affected by movements in 
interest rates, equities, credit spreads, currencies and commodities. On a daily basis, the Financial Markets 
Risk Department measures and reports the market risk positions. Market risk is calculated based on 
internally developed risk models, which are approved and accepted by the DNB.  
Rabobank considers Event Risk the most important market risk indicator in the trading environment, 
measuring events that are not captured by the Value at Risk (“VaR”) model. Rabobank designed a large 
number of scenarios based on book composition and current macro/economic financial markets situations 
to measure the potential effect of sharp and sudden changes in market prices. The internal VaR model 
also forms a key part of Rabobank’s market risk framework. VaR describes the maximum possible loss 
that Rabobank can suffer within a defined holding period, based on historical market price changes and a 
given certain confidence interval. VaR within Rabobank is based on actual historical market circumstances. 
Interest rate delta is monitored and indicates how the value of trading positions change if the relevant yield 
curve shows a parallel increase of one basis point.  
End of year 2022, the worst case, potential, loss from the event risk scenarios was €69 million (2021: 
€35 million). It fluctuated between €33 million (2021: €35 million) and €98 million (2021: €70 million), with 
an average of €71 million (2021: €56 million). For the year 2022, the VaR, based on a one-day holding 
period and 97.5 per cent. confidence level, fluctuated between €2.4 million (2021: €2.4 million) and €8.9 
million (2021: €6.3 million), with an average of €5.0 million (2021: €3.3 million). Changes in VaR have been 
driven by client related deals and volatility in the financial markets. 
A drawback of using historical simulations is that it does not necessarily take into account all 
possible future market movements. Therefore, VaR results cannot guarantee that actual risk will follow the 
statistical estimate. The performance of the VaR models is regularly reviewed by means of back testing. 
These back testing results are reported internally as well as to the regulator. In addition to VaR, other risk 
indicators are also used for market risk management. Some of them are generated by using statistical 
models. All these indicators assist the Financial Markets Risk Department, in evaluating Rabobank’s 
trading book positions. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined by Rabobank Group as “the risk of losses resulting from inadequate or 
failed internal processes, people or systems or by external events”. Operational risk includes all non-
financial risk types. Rabobank Group operates within the current regulatory framework with measuring and 
managing operational risk, including holding capital for this risk following the Advanced Measurement 
Approach. Events in modern international banking have shown that operational risks can lead to 
substantial losses. Examples of operational risk incidents are highly diverse: fraud or other illegal conduct, 
failure of an institution to have policies and procedures and controls in place to prevent, detect and report 
incidents of non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, inadequate control processes to manage 
risks, ineffective implementation of internal controls, claims or compensation relating to inadequate 
products, inadequate documentation, errors in transaction processing, system failures, cyberattacks, as 
well as the inability to retain and attract key personnel. The global environment Rabobank Group is 
operating in requires constant adaption to changing circumstances. Several transitional, remedial and 
regulatory driven change projects are currently running which may result in an increased risk profile. As a 
result this may lead to the possible increase of the number of operational risk incidents or additional costs 
of complying with new regulations which could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank Group’s 
reputation or a material adverse effect on Rabobank Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations.

--- Page 365 ---
Risk management 
 
365 
Legal risk 
Rabobank Group is subject to a comprehensive range of legal obligations in all countries in which 
it operates. As a result, Rabobank Group is exposed to many forms of legal risk, which may arise in a 
number of ways. Rabobank Group faces risk where legal proceedings, whether private litigation or 
regulatory enforcement actions are brought against it. The outcome of such proceedings is inherently 
uncertain and could result in financial loss and reputational damage. Defending or responding to such 
proceedings can be expensive and time-consuming and there is no guarantee that all costs incurred will 
be recovered even if Rabobank Group is successful. 
Currency risk 
Foreign exchange rate risk is the risk that exchange rate movements could lead to volatility in the 
bank’s cash flows, assets and liabilities, net profit and/or equity. The bank distinguishes two types of non-
trading FX risks: (i) FX risk in the banking books and (ii) FX translation risk. 
(i) 
FX Risk in the Banking Books 
FX risk in the banking books is the risk arising from unhedged known and/or ascertainable currency 
cash flow commitments and receivables in the banking books. As a result, movements in exchange rates 
could have an adverse impact on the financial results and/or financial position of the Group. FX translation 
risk is the risk that FX fluctuations will adversely affect the translation of assets and liabilities of operations 
– denominated in foreign currency – into the functional currency of the parent company. Translation risk 
reveals in Rabobank’s equity position, risk-weighted assets, and capital ratios. Rabobank manages its FX 
translation risk with regard to the Rabobank CET1 ratio by deliberately taking FX positions, including 
deliberately maintaining FX positions and not or only partly closing FX positions. As a result of these 
structural FX positions, the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the Rabobank consolidated CET1 ratio 
is mitigated.  
(ii) 
FX Translation risk 
 Article 352(2) of the CRR states that any positions an institution has deliberately taken in order to 
hedge against the adverse effect of the exchange rate on its ratios in accordance with Article 92(1) may, 
subject to permission by the competent authorities, be excluded from the calculation of the net open 
currency positions. Article 92(1) defines the CET1 ratio, the Tier 1 ratio, and the TC ratio. For an institution 
it is open to interpretation which of the ratios should be the target for the hedge. However, EBA indicates 
in its “Guidelines on the treatments of structural FX” that the CET1 ratio is the ratio that attracts the most 
attention from external stakeholders and therefore expects that the CET1 ratio is the ratio that institutions 
should hedge. This corresponds to the choice Rabobank has made. It should be noted that keeping open 
positions with the purpose of hedging the ratio, implies that the invested capital in foreign currencies is not 
hedged at an absolute level and can therefore lead to fluctuations of the invested capital when translated 
into Euro. FX translation risk at Rabobank level is covered by the Global Standard on FX Translation Risk 
(the “Standard”). The purpose of the Standard is to outline Rabobank policy towards FX Translation risk 
to achieve and ensure a prudent and sound monitoring and control system, in order to manage these risks 
Group wide. Rabobank uses the Pillar 2 framework for those areas where Rabobank is of the opinion that 
the regulatory framework (i.e. Pillar 1) does not address the risk, or does not adequately address the risk. 
FX translation risk is one of these risks.

--- Page 366 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
366 
GOVERNANCE OF RABOBANK GROUP 
Members of Supervisory Board and Managing Board  
Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
The following persons, all of whom are resident in the Netherlands, are appointed as members of 
the Supervisory Board: 
Name 
 
Born 
Year
Appointed 
Term Expires 
Nationality
Marjan (M.) Trompetter, Chair 
 
1963 
2015 
2024 
Dutch
Johan (J) van Hall, Vice Chair 
 
1960 
2021 
2025 
Dutch
Petri (P.H.M.) Hofsté 
 
1961 
2016 
2024 
Dutch
Arian (A.A.J.M.) Kamp 
 
1963 
2014 
2024 
Dutch
Mark (M.R.C) Pensaert 
 
1964 
2020 
2024 
Belgian
Pascal (P.H.J.M.) Visée 
 
1961 
2016 
2024 
Dutch
Gert-Jan (G.J.) van den Akker  
 
1959 
2021 
2025 
Dutch
 
Mrs. M. Trompetter (Marjan) 
Date of birth 
1 November 1963 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director 
Management Consultant 
Main position 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Treasurer of the KNHM Foundation 
– 
Owner of the Corona Consultancy 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2015 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2019 – 2023 (Chair as of 22 September 2021) 
 
J. van Hall (Johan) 
Date of birth 
24 February 1960 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director and Independent Adviser 
Main position 
Vice Chair of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank  
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
– 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Ordina N.V. 
 
Other auxiliary positions: 
 
– 
Senior advisor at Boston Consulting Group 
– 
Advisory Board member foundation Art & Heritage, ABN
AMRO Bank

--- Page 367 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
367 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2021 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2021 - 2025 
 
Mrs. P.H.M. Hofsté (Petri) 
Date of birth 
6 April 1961 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director 
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee of
Fugro N.V. 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of PON Holding 
 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Achmea B.V. and of
several subsidiaries 
 
Other auxiliary positions: 
– 
Juror Kristal Price Dutch Ministry of Economic Affairs and
Climate Policy 
– 
Member of the board of Nyenrode Foundation 
– 
Member of the board of ‘Vereniging Hendrick de Keyser’ 
– 
Member of the Advisory Board of ‘Topvrouwen.nl’ 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2016 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2020 - 2024 
 
Mr. A.A.J.M. Kamp (Arian) 
Date of birth 
12 June 1963 
Profession 
Entrepreneur 
Professional Supervisory Director 
Main position 
Dairy farmer 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Koninklijke Coöperatie
Agrifirm UA 
Other auxiliary positions: 
 
Owner Partnership A.A.J.M. Kamp and W.D. Kamp-
Davelaar

--- Page 368 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
368 
 
Chair of the Foundation ‘Beheer Flynth’ 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2014 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2022 –2024 
 
M.R.C Pensaert (Mark) 
Date of birth 
16 October 1964 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director 
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Belgian 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
– 
Senior Advisor to the Board of Tikehau Investment
Management S.A. 
– 
Non-Exec Board of Agfa Gevaert N.V. 
 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2020 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2020 - 2024 
 
Mr. P.H.J.M. Visée (Pascal) 
Date of birth 
11 July 1961 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director and Independent Adviser 
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Royal FloraHolland U.A.
– 
 
 
Other auxiliary positions: 
 
– 
Non-executive Board Member of Ketel One Worldwide B.V.
– 
Member of Monitoring Committee of ‘Code Pensioenfondsen
– 
 Advisory Board member of foundation 'Het Limburgs
Landschap'’ 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2016 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2020 - 2024

--- Page 369 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
369 
G.J. van den Akker (Gert-Jan) 
Date of birth 
4 March 1959 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director and Independent Adviser 
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
 
Other auxiliary positions: 
 
 
Advisor to the Board of Covantis S.A. 
 
Non-executive director of Alvean S.A. 
 
Non-executive Board member of Meraxis sarl 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2021 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2021 - 2025 
Managing Board of Rabobank  
The following persons, all of whom are resident in the Netherlands, are appointed as members of the 
Managing Board of Rabobank: 
Name 
 
Born 
Year
Appointed 
Nationality 
Stefaan (S.L.G.) Decraene, Chair ................................  
1964 
2023 
Belgian 
Bas (B.C.) Brouwers, member .....................................  
1972 
2016 
Dutch 
Kirsten (C.M.) Konst, member .....................................  
1974 
2017 
Dutch 
Bart (B.) Leurs, member ..............................................  
1971 
2017 
Dutch 
Mariëlle (M.P.J.) Lichtenberg, member ........................  
1967 
2017 
Dutch 
Vincent (V.) Maagdenberg, member ............................  
1976 
2023 
Dutch 
Berry (B.J.) Marttin, member ........................................ 
 
1965
 
2009 
Dutch and
Brazilian 
Philippe (P.G.R.) Vollot, member .................................  
1967 
2022 
French 
Janine (B.J.) Vos, member ..........................................  
1972 
2017 
Dutch 
 
Stefaan (S.L.G.) Decraene 
Mr. Decraene was appointed as Chair of the Managing/Executive Board of Rabobank as of 1 January 
2023. Mr. Decraene held various executive positions at BNP Paribas in the field of Wholesale Banking, 
Sales & Marketing, Insurance & International Retail Banking and Public Finance & Corporate. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Ardo (Belgium) 
Bas (B.C.) Brouwers 
Mr. Brouwers was appointed to the Managing/Executive Board as Chief Financial Officer as of 1 January 
2016. Mr Brouwers started his career at KPMG Audit in 1995. He then held various positions within ING

--- Page 370 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
370 
from 1998 until 2007. He was head of Controlling & Risk Management of ING-DiBa AG (Germany) from 
2007 until 2008 and CFO of ING-DiBa AG (Germany) from 2008 until 2013. From 2013 until 2015, Mr 
Brouwers was CFO of ING Netherlands. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Vice-Chair of the Board of the Dutch Banking Association 
Kirsten (C.M.) Konst 
Mrs. Konst is a member of the Managing/Executive Board as of 1 September 2017. Her main areas of 
focus are Commercial Banking in the Netherlands and regional directors. After having had several 
positions at ABN AMRO, Mrs. Konst joined Rabobank in 2010. She fulfilled several positions at local 
Rabobanks and was Operations Director before her appointment to the Managing Board. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Board Member of VNO-NCW 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of IDH (Sustainable Trade initiative) 
Bart (B.) Leurs 
Mr. Leurs became a member of the Managing Board and Chief Digital Transformation Officer (CDTO) on 
1 September 2017. He became Chief Innovation & Technology Officer (CITO) on 1 May 2021. He started 
his career in banking in 1997 at ING as a management trainee. After having fulfilled several positions at 
ING in Canada, Germany and Belgium, Mr. Leurs joined Rabobank in 2016 as Head of Fintech & 
Innovation.  
Mariëlle (M.P.J.) Lichtenberg 
Mrs. Lichtenberg is a member of the Managing Board as of 1 September 2017. Her main areas of focus 
are Retail & Private Banking in the Netherlands. She started at Rabobank International in 1995. Since then 
Mrs. Lichtenberg fulfilled several positions at the local Rabobank as well as staff department. From 2016 
she was Director Digital Bank before she joined the Managing Board. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Obvion N.V 
– 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Bouwfonds Property Development 
– 
Board Member of Rabobank Foundation 
Vincent (V.) Maagdenberg 
Mr. Maagdenberg was appointed to the Managing Board as Chief Risk Officer as of 1 April 2023. His main 
areas of focus are Risk Management and Compliance. Before that he was Chief Tranformation Officer at 
ING Wholesale Bank. 
Berry (B.J.) Marttin 
Mr. Marttin was appointed to the Managing/Executive Board as of 1 July 2009. Within the Managing Board, 
Mr. Marttin is responsible for international Wholesale & Rural, Sustainability, Leasing and the B4F 
Inspiration Centre. Mr. Marttin joined Rabobank in 1990. From 1990 until 2004 he fulfilled a number of 
international positions within Rabobank. After several positions in Brazil and Curacao he served as Head 
of International Corporates in Hong Kong, Head of Risk Management in Indonesia and as Deputy General 
Manager Rural Banking for Rabobank Australia and New Zealand. From 2004 until 2009 he was Chairman 
of the board of directors of Rabobank Amsterdam. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of DLL International B.V  
– 
Member of the Board of Directors of Rabobank International Holding B.V. 
– 
Member of the Board of Rabobank Australia Ltd. 
– 
Member of the Board of Rabobank New Zealand Ltd 
– 
Chairman of the Shareholders Council of Rabo Partnerships

--- Page 371 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
371 
– 
Member of the Board Trustees Hans R. Neumann Stiftung 
– 
President of the European Association of Cooperative Banks 
Philippe (P.G.R.) Vollot 
Mr. Vollot became a member of the Managing Board and Chief Financial Economic Crime Officer (CFECO) 
on 1 October 2022. After a career at Deutsche Bank, Mr. Vollot joined Dankske Bank in 2018, as Chief 
Compliance Officer and member of the Executive Board. There he was among other things responsible 
for the Group Financial Crime Transformation & Remediation program. 
Auxiliary positions 
 
Foreign Trade Advisor French Ambassy in the Netherlands 
 
Financial Crime trainer at the Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering 
Specialists 
Janine (B.J.) Vos 
Mrs. Vos became a member of the Managing Board and Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) on 1 
September 2017. She started her career in 1997 at KPN as a management trainee. After having fulfilled 
several (HR) positions, she switched as Chief Human Resources Officer from KPN to Rabobank in 2016.  
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of KLM N.V.  
 
Member of the Advisory Board of ‘Topvrouwen.nl’ 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of Social Capital 
 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies — potential conflicts of interests 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties 
to Rabobank and their private interests or other duties of the persons listed above under “Supervisory 
Board of Rabobank” and “Managing Board of Rabobank”. These members may obtain financial services 
of Rabobank. In order to avoid potential conflicts of interest, Rabobank has internal rules of procedures 
(reglementen) in place for members of its Supervisory Board and Managing Board for situations in which 
potential or perceived conflicts of interest could arise, including rules in respect of additional positions 
which may be held by any such member. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies — business address 
The business address of the members of Rabobank’s Supervisory Board and Managing Board is 
Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands.

--- Page 372 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
372 
REGULATION OF RABOBANK GROUP 
Rabobank is a bank organised under Dutch law. The principal Dutch law on supervision applicable 
to Rabobank is the FMSA, under which Rabobank is supervised by DNB and the AFM. The ECB assumed 
certain supervisory tasks from DNB and is the competent authority responsible for supervising Rabobank 
Group’s compliance with prudential requirements. Rabobank and the various Rabobank Group entities are 
also subject to certain EU legislation, which has a significant impact on the regulation of Rabobank Group’s 
banking, asset management and broker-dealer businesses in the EU, and to the regulation and supervision 
of local supervisory authorities of the various countries in which Rabobank Group does business. 
The overview below consists of a summary of the key applicable regulations and does not purport 
to be complete. 
Basel Standards 
The Basel Committee develops international capital adequacy guidelines based on the relationship 
between a bank’s capital and its risks, including, inter alia, credit, market, operational, liquidity and 
counterparty risks. 
Credit Risk 
To assess their credit risk, banks can choose between the “Standardised Approach”, the 
“Foundation Internal Ratings Based Approach” and the “Advanced Internal Ratings Based Approach”. The 
Standardised Approach is based on standardised risk weights set out in the Basel II capital guidelines and 
external credit ratings; it is the least complex. The two Internal Ratings Based Approaches allow banks to 
use internal credit rating systems to assess the adequacy of their capital. The Foundation Internal Ratings 
Based Approach allows banks to use their own credit rating systems with respect to the “Probability of 
Default”. In addition to this component of credit risk, the Advanced Internal Ratings Based Approach allows 
banks to use their own credit rating systems with respect to the “Exposure at Default” and the “Loss Given 
Default”. The rules on the assessment of credit risk are expected to change as a consequence of the Basel 
III Reforms. See “Basel III Reforms / Basel IV” below. 
See the risk factor entitled “Any increase in the Group’s minimum regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations” above. 
Market Risk 
To assess their market risk, banks can choose between a “Standardised approach” or an alternative 
methodology based on own internal risk management models. Rabobank has permission from its 
supervisor to calculate the general and specific exposures using its internal Value-at-Risk (VaR) models. 
Operational Risk 
To assess their operational risk, banks can choose between three approaches with different levels 
of sophistication, of which the most refined is the Advanced Measurement Approach. Rabobank has 
chosen to use the Advanced Measurement Approach to calculate the regulatory capital for operational 
risk. 
Basel III Reforms / Basel IV  
The Basel III framework, which is implemented in the EU by means of the CRD IV Directive and 
CRR (see “European Union Legislation – The CRD IV Directive and CRR” below) sets out rules for higher 
and better quality capital, better risk coverage, the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the 
risk-based requirements, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods 
of stress, and the introduction of two liquidity standards. Basel III includes increasing the minimum

--- Page 373 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
373 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (or equivalent) requirement from 2 per cent. of the total risk exposure 
amount (before the application of regulatory adjustments) to 4.5 per cent. (after the application of stricter 
regulatory adjustments (which, under CRD IV, were gradually phased in from 1 January 2014 until 1 
January 2018)). The total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital requirement has increased from 4 per cent. of the 
total risk exposure amount to 6 per cent. under CRD IV and the total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
requirement is 8 per cent of the total risk exposure amount under CRD IV. In addition, banks will be required 
to maintain, in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (or equivalent), a capital conservation buffer of 
2.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount to withstand future periods of stress, bringing the total 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (or equivalent) requirements to 7 per cent. If there is excess credit growth 
in any given country resulting in a system-wide build-up of risk, a countercyclical capital buffer (generally 
of up to 2.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount and also comprised of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
(or other fully loss absorbing capital)) may be applied as an extension of the capital conservation buffer. 
Furthermore, banks considered to have systemic importance should have loss absorbing capacity beyond 
these standards. 
Capital requirements have been further supplemented by the introduction of a non-risk based 
leverage ratio of 3 per cent., plus a surcharge of 50 per cent. of the G-SIB buffer requirement for G-SIB’s 
(under the Basel III Reforms, see below) in order to limit an excessive build-up of leverage on a bank’s 
balance sheet. During the period from 1 January 2013 to 1 January 2017, the Basel Committee has 
monitored banks’ leverage data on a semi-annual basis in order to assess whether the proposed design 
and calibration of a minimum leverage ratio of 3 per cent. is appropriate over a full credit cycle and for 
different types of business models. This assessment included consideration of whether a wider definition 
of exposures and an off-setting adjustment in the calibration would better achieve the objectives of the 
leverage ratio. The Basel Committee also closely monitored accounting standards and practices to address 
any differences in national accounting frameworks that are material to the definition and calculation of the 
leverage ratio. The Dutch government has indicated that Dutch systemically important banks, including 
Rabobank, should also have a surcharge like the G-SIB’s on top of the 3 per cent. leverage ratio 
requirement. As at 31 December 2022, the leverage ratio of Rabobank was 6.6 per cent. 
In addition, Basel III has introduced two international minimum standards intended to promote 
resilience to potential liquidity disruptions over a 30 day horizon and limit over-reliance on short-term 
wholesale funding during times of buoyant market liquidity. The first one is referred to as the liquidity 
coverage ratio (the “LCR”). The LCR tests the short-term resilience of a bank’s liquidity risk profile by 
ensuring that it has sufficiently high-quality liquid assets to survive a significant stress scenario lasting for 
30 days. The second one is referred to as a net stable funding ratio (the “NSFR”). The NSFR tests 
resilience over a longer period by requiring banks to hold a minimum amount of stable sources of funding 
relative to the liquidity profiles of the assets and the potential contingent liquidity needs arising from off-
balance sheet commitments. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalised the Basel III Reforms (also referred to as “Basel 
IV” by the industry). This reform complements the initial phase of Basel III announced in 2010 (and 
implemented in the CRR/CRD IV in 2014) as a response to the global financial crisis. The 2017 reform 
seeks to restore credibility in the calculation of RWAs and improve the comparability of banks’ capital 
ratios. Main features of the reform: 
 
Revisions to the standardised approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk, credit value 
adjustments (“CVA”) and operational risk 
 
Constraints on the use of internal model approaches, by placing limits on certain inputs used 
to calculate capital requirements under the internal ratings-based (“IRB”) approach for credit 
risk (for metrics such as Probability of Default (“PD”) and Loss Given Default (“LGD”)) and 
by removing the use of internal model approaches for CVA risk and for operational risk

--- Page 374 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
374 
 
The introduction of an output floor, which limits the benefits banks can derive from using 
internal models to calculate minimum capital requirements. Banks’ calculations of RWAs 
generated by internal models cannot, in aggregate, fall below 72.5 per cent. of the risk-
weighted assets computed by standardised approaches  
 
Global systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”) are subject to higher leverage ratio 
requirements. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published the legislative proposals to implement 
the Basel III Reforms in the EU. The proposals indicate that implementation will start in January 2025. In 
anticipation of the implementation, DNB has set a minimum floor on the risk-weighting of (part of) the 
mortgage loan portfolios of Dutch banks, such as the Issuer, using internal risk models for said risk-
weighting, for a period of at least one year. The measure came into force as of 1 January 2022 and will be 
effective until 1 December 2024 (after which it will be reviewed and could either be abandoned or renewed). 
The impact of the remaining Basel III Reforms is expected to be negligible.  
European Union Legislation 
The CRD IV Directive and CRR  
As of 1 January 2014, EC Directive 2006/48 and EC Directive 2006/49 were repealed by the CRD 
IV Directive. The CRD IV Directive, together with the CRR, implements Basel III in the EEA. Both texts 
were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 and became effective on 1 
January 2014 (except for capital buffer provisions which became effective on 1 January 2016). The CRD 
IV Directive was implemented into Dutch law by amendments to the FMSA pursuant to an amendment act 
(the “CRD IV/CRR Implementation Act”) which entered into force on 1 August 2014. The CRR has 
established a single set of harmonised prudential rules which apply directly to all banks in the EEA as of 1 
January 2014, but with particular requirements being phased in over a period of time, fully applicable from 
2022. The harmonised prudential rules include own funds requirements, an obligation to maintain a liquidity 
coverage buffer, a requirement to ensure that long-term obligations are adequately met under both normal 
and stressed conditions and the requirement to report on these obligations. The competent supervisory 
authorities will evaluate whether capital instruments meet the criteria set out in the CRR. In addition, in 
June 2019, the European Commission adopted the EU Banking Reforms which are wide-ranging and cover 
multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, a binding 3 per cent. leverage ratio, the introduction of a 
binding detailed NSFR, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a 
new category of “non-preferred” senior debt, the MREL framework, the integration of the TLAC standard 
into EU legislation and the transposition of the fundamental review of the trading book (FRTB) conclusions 
into EU legislation. See also the risk factor entitled “Any increase in the Group’s minimum regulatory capital 
and liquidity requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations”). 
Under CRD IV, institutions (including Rabobank) are required to hold a minimum amount of 
regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. of the aggregate total risk exposure amount of RWAs of the Group 
(of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 Capital). In addition to these so-called 
minimum or “Pillar 1” “own funds” requirements, the CRD IV Directive also introduced capital buffer 
requirements that are in addition to the minimum “own funds” requirements and are required to be met with 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. It provides for five capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the 
institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, (iii) the G-SII Buffer, (iv) the O-SII Buffer and (v) the 
systemic risk buffer. The capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.), O-SII Buffer (2.0 per cent) and 
countercyclical capital buffer (0.03 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) all apply to the Group (the systemic 
risk buffer was suspended by DNB due to the implementation of CRD V) and some or all of the other 
buffers may be applicable to the Group from time to time, as determined by the ECB, the DNB or any other 
competent authority at such time. Any increase in the pillar 2 requirements and/or capital buffer

--- Page 375 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
375 
requirements, including an increase of the systemic risk buffer by DNB, may require the Group to increase 
its CET1 Ratio and also its overall amount of capital and MREL which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
In addition to the “Pillar 1” and capital buffer requirements described above, CRD IV contemplates 
that competent authorities may require additional “Pillar 2” capital to be maintained by an institution relating 
to elements of risks which are not fully captured by the additional own funds requirements or to address 
macro-prudential requirements. 
On 15 December 2022, Rabobank published its ECB capital requirements as of January 2023, 
determined pursuant to the SREP. The ECB decision requires that Rabobank maintains a total SREP 
capital requirement of 9.9 per cent. of the RWAs on a consolidated and 8.0 per cent on an individual basis. 
The consolidated requirement consists of an 8 per cent. minimum own funds requirement and a 1.9 per 
cent. P2R. 56.25 per cent. of P2R is to be held in the form of CET1 capital and 75 per cent. in the form of 
Tier 1 capital, as a minimum. 
The total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital minimum requirement is 5.6 per cent., consisting of the 
minimum Pillar 1 requirement (4.5 per cent.) and the P2R (1.1 per cent.).  
In addition, Rabobank is required to comply with the combined buffer requirements consisting of the 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent, the O-SII buffer of 2.0 per cent and the countercyclical capital 
buffer (each as described above) that needs to be applied on top of these Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
requirements. When taking into account the suspended systemic risk buffer imposed by DNB (0 per cent.), 
this translates into an aggregate 10.1 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital requirement as of January 
2023. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital requirement as of January 
2023 continues to apply to Rabobank and the Group complies with this requirement. 
In the Netherlands, the countercyclical capital buffer currently has been set at zero per cent. by 
DNB. However, DNB and (in respect of exposures outside the Netherlands) local regulators may set the 
countercyclical capital buffer at a level other than zero per cent., resulting in a countercyclical capital buffer 
of 0.03 per cent. as of 31 December 2022. Recently DNB revised its countercyclical buffer framework 
where DNB anticipates a build-up of the countercyclical capital buffer towards 2 per cent. in a standard 
risk environment. DNB also announced that it will activate a 1 per cent. countercyclical buffer for Dutch 
exposures as of 25 May 2023. With the intended use of the countercyclical capital buffer, DNB aims to 
take greater account of the inherent uncertainty in measuring cyclical systemic risks. 
The ECB decision also requires that Rabobank maintains a CET1 Ratio of 7.0 per cent. on an 
individual basis in 2022. This 7.0 per cent. capital requirement is comprised of the minimum Pillar 1 
requirement (4.5 per cent.) and the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.). 
The CRR and CRD IV have been amended, following adoption of a comprehensive reform package 
first announced by the European Commission in November 2016, by:  
 
Directive 2019/878 (EU) amending CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures (CRD V). EU Member States were required to 
transpose CRD V by 28 December 2020; and 
 
CRR II, which has applied in the EU from 28 June 2021. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
The BRRD entered into force in July 2014. The bail-in tool with respect to eligible liabilities and the 
other measures set out in the BRRD (outlined below) were implemented into Dutch law on 26 November 
2015. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide relevant authorities with common tools and powers to

--- Page 376 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
376 
address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ 
exposure to losses. 
The BRRD provides competent authorities with early intervention powers and resolution authorities 
with pre-resolution powers, including the power to write down or convert capital instruments to ensure 
relevant capital instruments fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution or group 
and the power to convert existing instruments of ownership or transfer them to bailed-in creditors. 
Moreover, when the conditions for resolution are met, resolution authorities can apply, among others, a 
bail-in tool, which comprises a more general power for resolution authorities to write down the claims of 
unsecured creditors (including holders of the Notes) of a failing institution or to convert unsecured debt 
claims to equity or other instruments of ownership. 
In addition, the BRRD provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other 
resolution measures with respect to distressed banks which satisfy the conditions for resolution, which may 
include (without limitation) the sale of the bank’s business, the creation of a bridge bank, the separation of 
assets, the replacement or substitution of the bank as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications 
to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity or the amount of interest payable or 
imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of 
financial instruments. See further the risk factor entitled “Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
position and results of operations”. 
To complement the European Banking Union (an EU-level banking supervision and resolution 
system) and the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”), on 15 July 2014 the European Commission 
adopted the SRM Regulation to establish the Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) (as further described, 
in the risk factor entitled “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to 
investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of 
funding”). The SRM establishes the SRB that will manage the failing of any bank in the Euro area and in 
other EU member states participating in the European Banking Union. On the basis of the SRM, the SRB 
is granted the same resolution tools as those set out in the BRRD, including a bail-in tool. The SRM applies 
directly to banks covered by the SSM, including Rabobank. On the basis of the SRM, the ECB is 
responsible for recovery planning as set out in the BRRD. In a Dutch context, DNB is the national resolution 
authority. While, as the Group’s resolution authority, the SRB is ultimately in charge of the decision to 
initiate the Group’s resolution, operationally the decision will be implemented in cooperation with DNB in 
its capacity as national resolution authority. 
In order to ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools introduced by the BRRD 
and SRM Regulation, the BRRD and SRM require that banks must meet an MREL requirement as set by 
the resolution authority. The EU Banking Reforms have made changes to the existing MREL framework 
and furthermore introduced changes to the CRD IV, CRR, BRRD and SRM Regulation. On 20 May 2020, 
the SRB published its final MREL Policy under the EU Banking Reforms and on 8 June 2022, the SRB 
published an update to this policy. MREL decisions by the SRB implementing the new MREL policy are 
based on this policy in the applicable resolution planning cycle.  
On 22 March 2023, Rabobank received its updated MREL requirement from the DNB (acting in its 
capacity as national resolution authority), as decided on by the SRB on 7 November 2022. The updated 
total MREL requirement to be met as an intermediate binding requirement by 1 January 2022 is 23.11 per 
cent. of RWAs and 7.5 per cent. of leverage ratio exposure. The updated binding total MREL requirement 
to be met by 1 January 2024 is 24.00 per cent. of RWAs and 7.55 per cent. of the leverage ratio exposure. 
The updated subordinated MREL to be met as an intermediate binding requirement by 1 January 2022 is 
17.71 per cent. of RWAs and 7.5 per cent. of leverage ratio exposure. The updated subordinated MREL 
requirement to be met by 1 January 2024 is 19.05 per cent. of RWAs and 7.55 per cent. of the leverage 
ratio exposure. Each of the aforementioned MREL requirements apply on a Group consolidated basis. The

--- Page 377 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
377 
combined buffer requirement mentioned under “Any increase in the Group’s minimum regulatory capital 
and liquidity requirements may have” applies in addition to the aforementioned MREL requirements that 
are expressed as a percentage of RWAs.  
If Rabobank Group were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to 
reduce its lending or investments in other operations. 
See also the risk factors entitled “Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results 
of operations”, “Risks relating to the EU Banking Reforms”, “Any increase in the Group’s minimum 
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations” and “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the 
Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and 
possibly higher cost of funding”. 
Supervision 
In 2010, agreement was reached at EU level on the introduction of a new supervisory structure for 
the financial sector. The European architecture combines the existing national authorities, the European 
Systemic Risk Board and the following three European Authorities: the EBA, the European Insurance and 
Occupational Pensions Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authorities. These institutions 
have been in place since 1 January 2011. 
However, as part of the European Banking Union (responsible for banking policy on the EU level), 
two further regulations have been enacted: (i) a regulation for the establishment of the SSM on the basis 
of which specific tasks relating to the prudential supervision of the most significant banks in the Euro area 
are conferred to the ECB; and (ii) a regulation amending the regulation which sets up the EBA. Regulation 
1024/2013 (the “SSM Framework Regulation”), which establishes the SSM, was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 29 October 2013 and entered into force on 4 November 2013. The SSM 
provides that the ECB carries out its tasks within a single supervisory mechanism comprised of the ECB 
and national competent authorities. The ECB and relevant competent authorities have formed joint 
supervisory teams (“JST”) for the supervision of each significant bank or significant banking group within 
the Euro area. As Rabobank Group qualifies as a significant group under the SSM and the SSM Framework 
Regulation, with effect from 4 November 2014, the day-to-day supervision of Rabobank Group is now 
carried out by a JST. The ECB and national competent authorities are subject to a duty of cooperation in 
good faith, and an obligation to exchange information. Where appropriate, and without prejudice to the 
responsibility and accountability of the ECB for the tasks conferred on it by the SSM, national competent 
authorities shall be responsible for assisting the ECB. In view of the assumption of these supervisory tasks, 
in 2014 the ECB (together with the national competent authorities) carried out a comprehensive 
assessment, including a balance sheet assessment, as well as a related asset quality review and stress 
tests, of the banks in respect of which it took on responsibility for formal supervision. The ECB supervises 
Rabobank Group’s compliance with prudential requirements, including (i) its own funds requirements, LCR, 
NSFR and the leverage ratio and the reporting and public disclosure of information on these matters, as 
set out in the CRR and (ii) the requirement to have in place robust governance arrangements, including fit 
and proper requirements for the persons responsible for the management of a bank, remuneration policies 
and practices and effective internal capital adequacy assessment processes, as set out in the FMSA. The 
ECB is also the competent authority which assesses notifications of the acquisition of qualifying holdings 
in banks and has the power to grant a declaration of no objection for such holdings.  
Sustainable finance  
General 
The development of sustainable finance regulations has received considerable attention recently. New 
regulations have been published, existing regulations have been amended and various supervisors and

--- Page 378 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
378 
regulators have included sustainable finance in their workplans. The below sets out the main regulations 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
EU Taxonomy Regulation 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a framework that provides for the adoption of criteria for 
determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable. The EU Taxonomy 
Regulation is an essential step of the European Commission's action plan on financing sustainable growth 
in the efforts to channel investments into sustainable activities. The detailed criteria for environmentally 
sustainable economic activities that contribute to one or more of the six environmental objectives identified 
by the EU Taxonomy Regulation will be introduced through the adoption of delegated legislation made 
under the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The first delegated act (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139 of 4 June 2021) on environmentally sustainable economic activities for climate change 
mitigation and climate change adaptation objectives applies from 1 January 2022 and was supplemented 
on 1 January 2023 by the complementary delegated act on climate change mitigation and climate change 
adaptation objectives covering the natural gas and nuclear energy sectors (Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022). 
From 1 January 2022, the EU Taxonomy Regulation also requires undertakings that are subject to an 
obligation to publish non-financial information in accordance with the NFRD (defined below) to publicly 
disclose the proportion of their turnover derived from products or services associated with economic 
activities that qualify as environmentally sustainable under articles 3 and 9 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and the proportion of their capital expenditure and the proportion of their operating expenditure related to 
assets or processes associated with economic activities that qualify as environmentally sustainable under 
articles 3 and 9 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The content and presentation of this information is set 
out in a delegated act (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178), and the level of detail will 
increase over time on a staggered basis. 
ECB guide on climate-related and environmental risks 
In November 2020, the ECB published a guide on climate-related and environmental risks for banks. The 
guide explains how the ECB expects banks to prudently manage climate-related and environmental risks 
when formulating and implementing in their business strategy, governance and risk management 
frameworks and how they disclosure such risks transparently. 
In November 2021, the ECB published an assessment of how banks are adjusting their practices to 
manage climate-related and environmental risks, in line with the expectations set out in the November 
2020 ECB guide on climate and environmental risks. The ECB found that, overall, 90% of banks' practices 
are only partially or not at all in line with the ECB’s supervisory expectations. The ECB sent individual 
feedback letters to banks, calling on them to address any identified shortcomings. The ECB has stated 
that it will continue its supervisory dialogue with significant banks such as the Issuer in relation to the 
expectations set out in the guide and will gradually integrate climate and environmental risk into its SREP 
methodology. 
During 2022, the ECB conducted a thematic review of climate-related and environmental risks as part of 
the ECB Banking Supervision roadmap. The objective of the thematic overview was to assess the evolution 
of the soundness, effectiveness and comprehensiveness of banks' climate-related and environmental risk 
management practices, as well as banks' ability to steer their climate-related and environmental risk 
strategies and risk profiles. The ECB concluded that banks have overall improved their capabilities since 
2021, but still need more sophisticated methodologies and granular information. The ECB has stated that 
its findings on climate and environmental risks are expected to feed into the SREP from a qualitative point 
of view. The ECB has set institution-specific deadlines for achieving full alignment with its expectations by 
the end of 2024, including the following milestones: (i) having adequately categorized climate and 
environmental risks and conducted a full assessment of their impact on bank's activities by March 2023;

--- Page 379 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
379 
(ii) having included climate and environmental risks in governance, strategy and risk management by the 
end of 2023; and (iii) having met all remaining supervisory expectations (including on capital adequacy 
and stress testing) by the end of 2024.  
ECB climate stress tests and potential climate capital requirements 
In January 2022, the ECB launched a supervisory climate risk stress test (the “ECB Climate Stress Test”) 
to assess how prepared banks are for dealing with financial and economic shocks stemming from climate 
risk in which the Issuer took part. The exercise was aimed at identifying vulnerabilities and industry best 
practices, and assessed the challenges faced by banks due to increasing climate risks. Even though the 
exercise was of a regulatory nature, it did not have any capital or SREP implications. The results and 
lessons learned from the ECB Climate Stress Test is expected to be integrated into a more robust 
framework to improve methodology, internal scenario development and data collection, and is expected to 
be used further in the Issuer's Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP).  
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (the 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, "SFDR") introduces various disclosure related requirements 
for the Issuer at an entity, service and product level. The majority of the new disclosure obligations took 
effect on 10 March 2021. The SFDR aims to create transparency on the integration of sustainability risks 
and how adverse sustainability impacts should be taken into account in investment processes, as well as 
on the provision of sustainability-related information on financial products. The disclosure requirements 
focus mainly on contractual and website disclosures, and on disclosures in periodic reports and marketing 
communications. 
Developments regarding the Non-Financial Reporting Directive 
In 2014, Directive 2014/95/EU on the disclosure of non-financial and diversity information (the Non- 
Financial Reporting Directive, "NFRD") was adopted. The NFRD lays down the rules on disclosure of non-
financial and diversity information by large companies such as the Issuer. A supplement to the NFRD on 
the reporting of climate-related information was published in 2019 as part of the European Commission 
action plan on financing sustainable growth. Recommendations by the TCFD also set out requirements on 
this topic.  
Undertakings that are required to publish non-financial information under the NFRD, are also required to 
publicly disclose information regarding their alignment to the EU Taxonomy Regulation in their non-
financial information. 
On 5 January 2023, Directive (EU) 2022/2464 as regards corporate sustainability reporting (the Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive, "CSRD") entered into force. The CSRD amends the existing reporting 
requirements of the NFRD and introduces more detailed reporting requirements on a company’s risks and 
opportunities arising from social and environmental issues, as well as on the impact of the company’s 
activities on people and the environment. In addition to the more detailed disclosure requirements, the 
CSRD requires companies to obtain assurance on the sustainability information they report. The new 
legislation applies to all large companies and all listed companies, but application will take place in four 
stages. The first stage applies to companies already subject to NFRD (i.e. large public-interest companies 
with more than 500 employees), such as the Issuer.  
MiFID II ESG 
Following publication of the European Commission action plan on financing sustainable growth, 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1253 of 21 April 2021 introduces amendments to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565 (the MiFID II delegated regulation) to integrate sustainability factors, risk and 
preferences into certain organisational requirements and operating conditions for investment firms. 
Furthermore, Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2021/1269 of 21 April 2021 introduces amendments

--- Page 380 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
380 
to Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the MiFID II delegated directive) to integrate sustainability factors 
into the product governance obligations. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1253 entered into 
force in 2022. Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2021/1269 has been implemented in Dutch law in 
2022. 
EU Green Bond Standard 
In February 2023, a provisional political agreement has been reached on the legislative proposal for the 
European Green Bond Standard between the Council of the EU and the European Parliament. The 
proposed regulation will establish a European Union voluntary high-quality standard for green bonds and 
will introduce requirements for issuers of bonds that wish to use the designation ‘European green bond’ or 
‘EuGB’ for bonds that are aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The provisional agreement still needs 
to be confirmed by the Council of the EU and the European Parliament and adopted by both institutions 
before it is final. 
Dutch Regulation 
Scope of the FMSA 
The ECB is formally the competent authority that supervises the majority of Rabobank Group’s 
activities. The day-to-day supervision of Rabobank Group is carried out by the JST. The AFM supervises 
primarily the conduct of business. Set forth below is a brief summary of the principal aspects of the FMSA. 
Licensing 
Under the FMSA, a bank established in the Netherlands is required to obtain a licence before 
engaging in any banking activities. Now that the ECB has assumed its supervisory tasks under the SSM, 
the ECB is the formal supervisory authority to grant and revoke a banking licence for banks in the Euro 
area including the Netherlands. DNB shall prepare a draft decision if in its view a licence should be granted 
and the ECB will take the formal decision. The requirements to obtain a licence, among others, are as 
follows: (i) the day-to-day policy of the bank must be determined by at least two persons; (ii) the bank must 
have a body of at least three members which has tasks similar to those of a supervisory board; and (iii) 
the bank must adhere to requirements that determine the minimum level of own funds (eigen vermogen). 
In addition, a licence may be refused if, among other things, the competent authority is of the view that (i) 
the persons who determine the day-to-day policy of the bank have insufficient expertise to engage in the 
business of the bank (fit and proper requirement), (ii) the policy of the bank is not (co-)determined by 
persons whose integrity is beyond doubt, or (iii) through a qualified holding in the bank, influence on the 
policy of such enterprise or institution may be exercised which is contrary to ‘prudent banking policy’ 
(gezonde en prudente bedrijfsvoering). DNB is still competent to make the decision to refuse to grant a 
licence on its own. In addition to certain other grounds, the licence may be revoked if a bank fails to comply 
with the requirements for maintaining its licence. 
Reporting and investigation 
A significant bank or significant banking group is required to file its annual financial statements with 
the ECB in a form approved by the ECB, which includes a statement of financial position and a statement 
of income that have been certified by an appropriately qualified auditor. In addition, a bank is required to 
file quarterly (and some monthly) statements, on a basis established by the ECB. The ECB has the option 
to demand additional reports. 
Rabobank must file consolidated quarterly (and some monthly) reports as well as annual reports 
that provide a true and fair view of their respective financial position and results with the ECB. Rabobank’s 
independent auditor audits these reports annually.

--- Page 381 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
381 
Solvency 
The CRR regulations on solvency supervision entail - in broad terms minimum standards on bank 
capital adequacy and capital buffers. These regulations also impose limitations on the aggregate amount 
of claims (including extensions of credit) a bank may have against one debtor or a group of related debtors. 
Over time, the regulations have become more sophisticated, being derived from the capital measurement 
guidelines of first Basel II and then Basel III as described under “Basel Standards” above and as laid down 
in EU legislation described above under “European Union legislation”.  
Liquidity 
The regulations relating to liquidity supervision require that banks maintain sufficient liquid assets 
to cover for net outflows. In the determination of net outflows banks are required to follow a prudential 
approach, taking into account that the call or prepayment occurs at the first possible date. On 1 January 
2018, the 100 per cent. LCR requirement under CRR was fully phased in, meaning that Rabobank was 
required to hold at least enough high quality liquid assets to cover stressed 30 day net outflow. With 156 
per cent. as at 31 December 2022, Rabobank complies with the minimum 100 per cent. requirement. 
Structure 
The FMSA provides that a bank must obtain a declaration of no-objection before, among other 
things, (i) acquiring or increasing a qualifying holding in a bank, investment firm or insurer with its statutory 
seat in a state which is not part of the EEA, if the balance sheet total of that bank, investment firm or insurer 
at the time of the acquisition or increase amounts to more than 1 per cent. of the bank’s consolidated 
balance sheet total, (ii) acquiring or increasing a qualifying holding in an enterprise, not being a bank, 
investment firm or insurer with its statutory seat in the Netherlands or in a state which is part of the EEA or 
in a state which is not part of the EEA, if the amount paid for the acquisition or increase, together with the 
amounts paid for a previous acquisition or increase of a holding in such enterprise, amounts to more than 
1 per cent. of the consolidated own funds of the bank, (iii) taking over all or a major part of the assets and 
liabilities of another enterprise or institution, directly or indirectly, if the total amount of the assets or the 
liabilities to be taken over amounts to more than 1 per cent. of the bank’s consolidated balance sheet total, 
(iv) merging with another enterprise or institution if the balance sheet total thereof amounts to more than 1 
per cent. of the bank’s consolidated balance sheet total or (v) proceeding with a financial or corporate 
reorganisation. Decisions on the abovementioned declarations of no-objection are made by DNB. As of 1 
January 2014, the definition of “qualifying holding” as set out in the CRR applies. “Qualifying holding” in 
the CRR is defined to mean a direct or indirect holding in an undertaking which represents 10 per cent. or 
more of the capital or of the voting rights or which makes it possible to exercise a significant influence over 
the management of that undertaking. 
In addition, any person is permitted to hold, acquire or increase a qualifying holding in a Dutch bank, 
or to exercise any voting power in connection with such holding, only after such person has obtained a 
declaration of no objection from the ECB. 
Governance and administrative organisation 
The ECB supervises the governance of significant banks and significant banking groups within the 
Netherlands. This includes the administrative organisation of banks, their financial accounting system and 
internal control. The administrative organisation must be such as to ensure that a bank has at all times a 
reliable and up-to-date overview of its assets and liabilities. Furthermore, the electronic data processing 
systems, which form the core of the accounting system, must be secured in such a way as to ensure a 
high degree of security, operational reliability, continuity and adequate, scalable capacity. 
Intervention 
In addition to the Intervention Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen), and 
partly amending it, on 26 November 2015 the Act on implementing the European framework for the 
recovery and resolution of banks and investment firms (Implementatiewet Europees kader voor herstel en

--- Page 382 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
382 
afwikkeling van banken en beleggingsondernemingen) came into force, implementing the BRRD. While 
the Intervention Act was amended following the adoption and implementation of the BRRD and the SRM 
Regulation, granting to DNB powers including resolution tools contemplated by the BRRD, the powers of 
the Minister of Finance have remained. Under the Intervention Act the Dutch Minister of Finance may, with 
immediate effect, take measures or expropriate assets, liabilities, or securities issued by or with the consent 
of a financial enterprise (financiële onderneming) or its parent, in each case if it has its corporate seat in 
the Netherlands, if in the Minister of Finance’s opinion, the stability of the financial system is in serious and 
immediate danger as a result of the situation in which the entity finds itself. In taking these measures, 
provisions in relevant Dutch legislation and the entity’s articles of association may be set aside. Examples 
of immediate measures include the suspension of voting rights or of board members. The measures that 
can be taken by the Minister of Finance may only be used if other measures would not work, would no 
longer work, or would be insufficient. In addition, to ensure such measures are utilised appropriately the 
Minister of Finance must consult with DNB in advance and the Dutch Prime Minister must agree with the 
decision to intervene. The Minister of Finance must further inform the AFM of his intentions, whereupon 
the AFM must give an instruction to Euronext Amsterdam to stop the trading in any securities that are 
expropriated. In the case of expropriation, the beneficiary of the relevant asset will be compensated for 
any damage that directly and necessarily results from the expropriation. It is unlikely that such 
compensation will cover all losses of the relevant beneficiary. 
The SRB has additional intervention powers including the power to operate the bail-in tool as set 
out in the SRM and the BRRD (see “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation”). 
U.S. Regulation  
Regulation and Supervision in the U.S. 
Rabobank Group’s operations are subject to federal and state banking and securities regulation and 
supervision, as well as federal derivatives regulation in the U.S. Rabobank Group engages in U.S. banking 
activities through Rabobank, New York Branch (the “New York Branch”). Rabobank controls a U.S. 
broker-dealer, Rabo Securities USA, Inc., as well as other U.S. non-bank subsidiaries. 
As a non-U.S. bank that operates a U.S. branch office, Rabobank is regulated as though it is a bank 
holding company and has made an election to be a financial holding company within the meaning of the 
U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (“BHC Act”). As such, it is subject to the regulation 
and supervision of the Federal Reserve. The New York Branch is licensed and supervised by the New 
York State Department of Financial Services, and it is also supervised by the Federal Reserve. 
Under U.S. law, Rabobank Group’s activities and those of its subsidiaries in the U.S. are generally 
limited to the business of banking, and managing or controlling banks and certain other activities that are 
closely related to banking. As long as Rabobank is a financial holding company under U.S. law, Rabobank 
Group may also engage in certain non-banking activities in the U.S. that are financial in nature, incidental 
to a financial activity, or, with the Federal Reserve’s approval, activities that are complementary to a 
financial activity, including securities, underwriting and dealing, merchant banking, insurance and other 
financial activities, subject to certain limitations on the conduct of such activities. 
As a non-U.S. bank, Rabobank is generally authorised under U.S. law and regulations to acquire a 
non-U.S. company engaged in non-financial activities as long as the company’s U.S. operations, if any, do 
not exceed certain thresholds and certain other conditions are met. Rabobank is required to obtain the 
prior approval of the Federal Reserve before directly or indirectly acquiring the ownership or control of 
more than 5 per cent. of any class of voting securities of U.S. banks, certain other depository institutions, 
or bank or depository institution holding companies.

--- Page 383 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
383 
State-licensed branches and agencies of non-U.S. banks (such as the New York Branch) may not, 
with certain exceptions that require prior regulatory approval, engage as a principal in any type of activity 
not permissible for their federally licensed counterparts. Likewise, the U.S. federal banking laws also 
subject state branches and agencies to the same single-borrower lending limits that apply to federal 
branches or agencies, which are substantially similar to the lending limits applicable to national banks but 
are based on the worldwide capital of the entire non-U.S. bank. 
The Federal Reserve may terminate the activities of any U.S. office of a non-U.S. bank if, among 
other things, it determines that the non-U.S. bank is not subject to comprehensive supervision on a 
consolidated basis in its home country or that there is reasonable cause to believe that such non-U.S. bank 
or its affiliate has violated the law or engaged in an unsafe or unsound banking practice in the U.S. or, for 
a non-U.S. bank that presents a risk to the stability of the U.S. financial system, the home country of the 
non-U.S. bank has not adopted, or made demonstrable progress toward adopting, an appropriate system 
of financial regulation to mitigate such risk. In addition, the Superintendent of Financial Services of the 
State of New York (the “Superintendent”) may revoke any licence for a branch of a non-U.S. bank issued 
under New York Banking Law if, among other things, the Superintendent finds that the licensed bank has 
violated any provision of any law, rule or regulation of the State of New York. 
A major focus of U.S. governmental policy relating to financial institutions is aimed at preventing 
money laundering and terrorist financing and compliance with economic sanctions in respect of designated 
countries or activities. Failure of an institution to have policies and procedures and controls in place to 
prevent, detect and report money laundering and terrorist financing could in some cases have serious 
legal, financial and reputational consequences for the institution. 
New York Branch 
The New York Branch is licensed by the Superintendent to conduct a commercial banking business. 
Under New York Banking Law, the New York Branch is subject to the asset pledge requirements and is 
required to maintain eligible high-quality assets with banks in the State of New York. The Superintendent 
may also establish asset maintenance requirements for branches of non-U.S. banks. Currently, no such 
requirement has been imposed upon the New York Branch. 
New York Banking Law authorises the Superintendent to take possession of the business and 
property of a New York branch of a non-U.S. bank under certain circumstances, including violations of law, 
conduct of business in an unsafe manner, impairment of capital, suspension of payment of obligations, or 
initiation of liquidation proceedings against the non-U.S. bank at its domicile or elsewhere. In liquidating or 
dealing with a branch’s business after taking possession of the branch, only the claims of depositors and 
other creditors which arose out of transactions with the branch are to be accepted by the Superintendent 
for payment out of the business and property of the non-U.S. bank in the State of New York (which includes 
but is not limited to assets or other property of the New York branch, wherever situated, and any assets or 
other property of the non-U.S. bank located in the State of New York, regardless of whether such assets 
or other property are assets or other property of the New York branch), without prejudice to the rights of 
the holders of such claims to be satisfied out of other assets of the non-U.S. bank. After such claims are 
paid, the Superintendent will turn over the remaining assets, if any, to the non-U.S. bank or its duly 
appointed liquidator or receiver.  
The Dodd-Frank Act 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) provides 
a broad framework for significant regulatory changes that extend to almost every area of U.S. financial 
regulation. The Dodd-Frank Act and other post-financial crisis regulatory reforms in the United States have 
increased costs, imposed limitations on activities and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory 
enforcement.

--- Page 384 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
384 
Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act requires that the lending and affiliate transaction limits 
applicable to the New York Branch take into account credit exposures arising from derivative transactions, 
securities borrowing and lending transactions, and repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements with 
counterparties. 
Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act provides U.S. regulators with tools to impose greater capital, 
leverage and liquidity requirements and other prudential standards, particularly for financial institutions that 
pose significant systemic risk, which include any non-U.S. banking organisation, such as Rabobank Group, 
with a branch or agency in the U.S. or a U.S. bank subsidiary and U.S.$50 billion or more in total 
consolidated assets. Under the Federal Reserve’s enhanced prudential standards rule, the New York 
Branch is subject to liquidity and risk management requirements and, in certain circumstances, asset 
maintenance requirements. In 2019, the Federal Reserve revised the framework for applying the enhanced 
prudential standards applicable to foreign banking organisations (“FBOs”) under the Dodd-Frank Act, as 
amended by the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the “EGRRCPA”), 
by, among other things, (i) establishing risk-based categories for determining prudential standards for 
FBOs and (ii) amending those prudential standards, including standards relating to liquidity, risk 
management, stress testing, and single-counterparty credit limits, depending on the risk profile of banking 
organisations under the risk-based categories.  
Section 13 of the BHC Act, together with the rules, regulations and published guidance thereunder, 
as amended (the “Volcker Rule”), adopted as part of the Dodd-Frank Act, limits the ability of banking 
entities and their affiliates to engage as principal in proprietary trading or to sponsor or invest in hedge, 
private equity or other similar funds or enter into certain covered transactions with certain covered funds, 
subject to certain exceptions and exemptions. However, certain non-U.S. banking organisations, such as 
certain non-U.S. banking entities within Rabobank Group, are exempt from these limitations with respect 
to activities that are solely outside of the U.S., subject to certain conditions.  
In addition, Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, and the regulations adopted thereunder implementing 
the statutory requirements of Title VII, provide an extensive framework for the regulation of the derivatives 
market. While U.S. regulators have adopted many of the regulations governing the derivatives markets as 
contemplated by the Dodd-Frank Act, the implementation process is still ongoing and regulators continue 
to review and refine their rulemakings through additional interpretations and supplemental rulemakings. 
Under the Dodd-Frank Act, entities that qualify as swap dealers or major swap participants are required to 
register with the CFTC, and entities that qualify as security-based swap dealers or majority security-based 
swap participants are required to register with the SEC. Rabobank is registered as a swap dealer but not 
as a security-based swap dealer. As a swap dealer, Rabobank is subject to additional regulatory 
requirements with respect to capital and margin requirements for OTC derivative transactions, business 
conduct standards and other requirements. As a swap dealer, Rabobank’s compliance with such regulatory 
requirements under Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act may be costly and have an adverse impact on 
Rabobank Group. Additionally, under the so-called swap “push-out” provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, 
certain ABS swaps activities of uninsured U.S. branches of non-U.S. banks, such as the New York Branch, 
are restricted as a result of Rabobank’s registration as a swap dealer. The Dodd-Frank Act also requires 
all swap market participants (notwithstanding any registration requirement) to (i) maintain records and 
report certain information to swap data repositories in real-time and on an ongoing basis and (ii) clear 
certain categories of derivatives through a derivatives clearing organisation and execute such derivatives 
on a registered exchange (e.g., a designated contract market or swap execution facility).  
The Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (“FDIC”), the Farm Credit Administration and the Federal Housing Finance Agency issued a 
final rule (the “PR Margin Rules") establishing minimum margin requirements for non-cleared swaps and 
non-cleared security-based swaps entered into by certain registered swap dealers, major swap 
participants, security-based swap dealers and/or major security-based swap participants (“Registered 
Entities”) when facing other Registered Entities or financial end-user counterparties. The CFTC has also

--- Page 385 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
385 
implemented its own initial and variation margin requirements in respect of non-cleared swaps entered into 
by swap dealers and major swap participants not subject to prudential regulation, and the SEC also 
promulgated initial and variation margin requirements in respect of non-cleared security-based swaps 
entered into by security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants not subject to 
prudential regulation. Because Rabobank is regulated by the Federal Reserve and is a registered swap 
dealer (as noted above), it is subject to the PR Margin Rules with respect to its uncleared OTC derivative 
transactions when facing other Registered Entities and financial end-user counterparties. 
Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act requires systemically important non-bank financial companies and 
large, interconnected financial institutions, including any non-U.S. bank with U.S.$50 billion or more in total 
consolidated assets that has a branch or agency in the U.S. (such as Rabobank Group) to prepare and 
periodically submit to the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the Financial Stability Oversight Council 
(“FSOC”), a plan for such company’s rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress 
or failure. The U.S. resolution plan requirements have been implemented through regulations issued by 
the Federal Reserve and the FDIC that establish rules and requirements regarding the submission and 
content of a resolution plan and procedures for review by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. The Federal 
Reserve and the FDIC must determine that a company’s U.S. resolution plan is credible and would facilitate 
an orderly resolution of the company. A company that fails to submit a credible U.S. resolution plan may 
be subject to a range of measures imposed by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, including more stringent 
capital, leverage or liquidity requirements; restrictions on growth, activities or operations; and requirements 
to divest assets or operations, as directed by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. While Rabobank was not 
required to submit a U.S. resolution plan in 2016 or 2017, Rabobank was required to, and did, submit a 
U.S. resolution plan in 2018. In 2019, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC jointly adopted a final rule to 
amend the U.S. resolution plan requirements and to address amendments made by the EGRRCPA. 
Pursuant to the final rule, FBOs with US$250 billion or more in global consolidated assets that are not 
subject to category II or category III standards, such as Rabobank Group, are required to file reduced U.S. 
resolution plans every three years beginning in 2022. Rabobank submitted its U.S. resolution plan on 1 
July 2022. 
Implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and related final regulations is ongoing and has resulted in 
significant costs and potential limitations on Rabobank Group’s businesses and may have a material 
adverse effect on Rabobank Group’s results of operations. In addition, the uncertainty of the regulatory 
environment in the United States, especially with respect to the status of certain aspects of the Dodd-Frank 
Act and other U.S. regulations could impact Rabobank Group’s business activities and the value of the 
Notes should significant changes to such regulations be implemented.

--- Page 386 ---
Capitalisation and Indebtedness of Rabobank Group 
 
386 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS OF RABOBANK GROUP 
The table with respect to the capitalisation and indebtedness of Rabobank Group below sets out 
Rabobank Group’s consolidated own funds and consolidated long-term and short-term debt securities as 
at 31 March 2023 (only available for the capitalisation table), 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
All information (except for the figures relating to non-current debt and current debt) has been derived from 
and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial information for the year ended 
31 December 2022, the information included in “Selected Financial Information”, the information in 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and other 
financial data appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
There has been no material change in the capitalisation of Rabobank Group since 31 March 2023 
and the indebtedness of Rabobank Group since 31 December 2022. 
 
As at 31 March  
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
2023
(unaudited) 
2022
 
2021 
Capitalisation of Rabobank Group 
 
 
 
Reserves and retained earnings ............................ 
33,925 
33,029 
31,097 
Equity instruments issued by Rabobank 
 
 
 
Rabobank Certificates ............................................ 
7,825 
7,825 
7,825 
Capital Securities ................................................... 
4,975 
4,971 
3,978 
 
12,799 
12,796 
11,803 
Other non-controlling interests ............................... 
551 
533 
502 
Total equity ........................................................... 
47,275 
46,358 
43,402 
Subordinated liabilities – non-current ..................... 
8,869 
8,854 
8,509 
Debt securities in issue – non-current - unsecured 
37,896 
37,390 
39,004 
Debt securities in issue – non-current – secured ... 
25,284 
25,205 
26,631 
Total non-current debt (excluding current 
portion of long-term debt) ................................... 
72,049 
71,449 
74,144 
Subordinated liabilities - current ............................. 
1,255 
1,242 
1,304 
Debt securities in issue - current - unsecured ........ 
50,736 
43,558 
38,220 
Debt securities in issue - current - secured ............ 
8,605 
8,199 
7,995 
Total current debt (maturity up to one year) ..... 
60,596 
52,999 
47,519 
Total capitalisation .............................................. 
132,645 
124,448 
121,663 
Breakdown of reserves and retained earnings 
 
 
 
Revaluation reserve – financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income .................... 
 
(441) 
136 
Revaluation reserve – pensions ............................. 
 
(19) 
(173) 
Other reserves ....................................................... 
 
19 
(66) 
Foreign currency translation reserves .................... 
 
(624) 
(887) 
Retained earnings .................................................. 
 
34,094 
32,087 
Total reserves and retained earnings ................ 
33,925 
33,029 
31,097

--- Page 387 ---
Capitalisation and Indebtedness of Rabobank Group 
 
387 
 
The table below sets forth Rabobank Group’s net indebtedness in the short term and in the medium-
long term. All information has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with Rabobank Group’s 
audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
and the notes thereto incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2022 
2021 
Indebtedness of Rabobank Group 
 
 
 
Cash and balances at central banks(1) ....................................................  
129,580 
120,534 
Cash equivalents(2) ..................................................................................  
11,002 
21,946 
Trading securities(3) .................................................................................  
1,223 
876 
Total liquidity .........................................................................................  
141,805 
143,356 
Current financial receivables(4) ............................................................  
103,375 
110,291 
Current bank debt(5) ................................................................................  
12,781 
13,566 
Current portion of issued debt(6) ..............................................................  
52,383 
46,223 
Other current financial debt(7) ..................................................................  
381,136 
356,564 
Total current financial debt ..................................................................  
446,300 
416,353 
Net current financial indebtedness .....................................................  
201,120 
162,706 
Non-current bank debt(8) .........................................................................  
18,762 
59,112 
Non-current portion of issued debt(9) .......................................................  
70,020 
73,074 
Other non-current financial debt(10) .........................................................  
45,363 
44,896 
Non-current financial indebtedness ....................................................  
134,145 
177,083 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................  
335,265 
339,790 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Cash and balances at central banks. 
(2) 
Loans and advances to credit institutions with a maturity of up to one year. 
(3) 
Financial assets held for trading with a maturity of up to one year. 
(4) 
Total financial assets with a maturity of up to one year excluding cash balances at central banks, loans and 
advances to credit institutions and financial assets held for trading. 
(5) 
Due to banks with a maturity of up to one year. 
(6) 
Debt securities in issue and subordinated liabilities with a maturity of up to one year. 
(7) 
Total financial liabilities with a maturity of up to one year excluding due to banks, debt securities in issue and 
subordinated liabilities. 
(8) 
Due to banks with a maturity of more than one year. 
(9) 
Debt securities in issue and subordinated liabilities with a maturity of more than one year. 
(10) Total financial liabilities with a maturity of more than one year excluding due to banks, debt securities in issue 
and subordinated liabilities.

--- Page 388 ---
Rabobank Australia Branch 
 
388 
RABOBANK AUSTRALIA BRANCH  
ABN 70 003 917 655 
Rabobank Australia Branch is otherwise described as the Australian Branch of Rabobank. 
Rabobank Australia and New Zealand Group encompasses all the operating entities of Rabobank 
Group in Australia and New Zealand, including the Australian Branch of Rabobank, the New Zealand 
Branch of Rabobank, Rabobank Australia Limited, Rabo Australia Limited and Rabobank New Zealand 
Limited, together with their subsidiary companies. 
Rabobank entered the Australian market in 1990 through the establishment of a representative 
office. This office acted as a liaison office for the global Rabobank Group by fulfilling a supporting and 
advisory role with respect to business and marketing opportunities in both Australia and New Zealand. 
In 1996, Rabobank was granted banking authorities to engage in banking on a branch basis in 
Australia and New Zealand. Rabobank Australia Branch is the holder of an Australian Financial Services 
Licence. This is in line with Rabobank’s international strategy, which is primarily targeted at establishing 
Rabobank as a global leader in the financing of international food and agri business. 
The Australian-based Rabobank Australia and New Zealand Group office staff are all employed by 
Rabobank Australia Branch. 
Rabobank Australia Branch does not publish annual or interim accounts. Because it is a branch of 
Rabobank, its financial results are incorporated in the financial statements of Rabobank. 
Rabobank Australia Branch is not a stand-alone or separately incorporated legal entity and it does 
not have any share capital.

--- Page 389 ---
Rabobank New Zealand Branch 
 
389 
RABOBANK NEW ZEALAND BRANCH 
New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397 
Rabobank New Zealand Branch is otherwise described as the New Zealand Branch of Rabobank. 
Rabobank became a registered bank in New Zealand under the Banking (Prudential Supervision) 
Act 1989 on 1 April 1996. Rabobank principally operates in New Zealand through Rabobank New Zealand 
Branch and a subsidiary, Rabobank New Zealand Limited (which is also a registered bank). 
Information about Rabobank and Rabobank New Zealand Branch is published semi-annually in 
disclosure statements required under the Banking (Prudential Supervision) Act 1989.

--- Page 390 ---
Taxation 
 
390 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of the Noteholders’ Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the Notes. The following summary describes the principal 
Australian, Belgian, Dutch, European Union, French, German, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Swiss, 
Taiwanese, United Kingdom, Singapore and U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
holding, redemption and disposal of Notes, which term, for the purpose of this summary, includes Coupons, 
Receipts and Talons. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Australian, 
Belgian, Dutch, European Union, French, German, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Swiss, Taiwanese, United 
Kingdom, Singapore and U.S. tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold and 
to dispose of the Notes. Each prospective Noteholder should consult a professional adviser in respect of 
the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. The discussion of certain Australian, Belgian, Dutch, 
European Union, French, German, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Swiss, Taiwanese, United Kingdom. 
Singapore and U.S. taxes set forth below is included for general information purposes only. 
This summary is based on the Australian, Belgian, Dutch, European Union, French, 
German, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Swiss, Taiwanese, United Kingdom, Singapore and 
U.S. tax legislation, published case law, treaties, rules, regulations and similar 
documentation in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, without prejudice to any 
amendments introduced at a later date and implemented with retroactive effect. The 
comments in this summary assume that there will be no substitution of the Issuer and do 
not address the consequences of any such substitution (notwithstanding that such 
substitution may be permitted by the terms and conditions of the Notes). 
Australia 
The comments below are of a general nature and are based on provisions currently in force in 
Australia at the date of this Base Prospectus. They relate to the position of persons who are the beneficial 
owners of the Notes issued by Rabobank Australia Branch. The comments are not exhaustive and, in 
particular, do not deal with the position of certain classes of Noteholders (including, without limitation, 
custodians and other third parties who hold Notes on behalf of Australian residents or non-residents of 
Australia who hold the Notes in the course of carrying on a trade or business at or through a permanent 
establishment in Australia). Noteholders should consult their own professional advisers in relation to the 
Australian taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of the Notes in their own particular 
circumstances. 
Withholding taxes 
Subject to the application of certain exemptions discussed below, interest paid by Rabobank 
Australia Branch to non-resident Noteholders who do not hold the Notes in carrying on a business at or 
through a permanent establishment in Australia will ordinarily be subject to interest withholding tax imposed 
under Division 11A of Part III of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (together with the Income Tax 
Assessment Act 1997, (the “Tax Act”)), calculated at 10 per cent. of the gross amount of the interest. 
Interest withholding tax is a final tax for non-residents. Therefore, these non-resident Noteholders should 
not be required to lodge an income tax return in Australia merely because they receive interest on the 
Notes. 
Subject to the application of certain exemptions discussed below, interest withholding tax will also 
apply to interest paid to Australian resident Noteholders who hold Notes in the course of carrying on 
business at or through a permanent establishment outside Australia. Any interest to which interest

--- Page 391 ---
Taxation 
 
391 
withholding tax applies or which is exempted from interest withholding tax (see below) may not be required 
to be included in such a Noteholder’s assessable income in determining their Australian taxable income. 
An exemption from Australian interest withholding tax should apply with respect to Notes issued by 
Rabobank Australia Branch for payments of interest (as the meaning of that term is extended by section 
128A(1AB) of the Tax Act) to non-residents of Australia who do not derive that interest in carrying on 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia, or to Australian residents who derive that 
interest in carrying on a business at or through a permanent establishment outside Australia, if the 
requirements of section 128F of the Tax Act are complied with. 
Interest (or an amount in the nature of interest) is exempt from Australian interest withholding tax 
under section 128F of the Tax Act if the “public offer” test is satisfied (see details below) and Rabobank 
Australia Branch is either: 
(a) 
an Australian resident company at the time the Notes are issued and when the interest is 
paid; or 
(b) 
a company not resident in Australia which issues the Notes and pays such interest in carrying 
on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia at the time the Notes are 
issued and when the interest is paid. 
As at the date of this document, Rabobank Australia Branch is, for the purposes of paragraph (b) 
above, a company not resident in Australia carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment 
in Australia. 
Broadly, and subject to the exceptions outlined below, the public offer test is satisfied if the Notes 
are issued as a result of being offered for issue: 
(a) 
to at least 10 persons each of whom: 
(i) 
was carrying on a business of providing finance, or investing or dealing in securities, 
in the course of operating in financial markets; and 
(ii) 
was not known, or suspected, by Rabobank to be an associate (as defined in 
subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) of any of the other persons covered by 
this paragraph (a); 
(b) 
to at least 100 persons whom it is reasonable for Rabobank to regard as having acquired 
instruments similar to the Notes in the past or being likely to be interested in acquiring 
instruments similar to the Notes; 
(c) 
as a result of being accepted for listing on a stock exchange, where Rabobank Australia 
Branch has entered into an agreement with the dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to 
the placement of the Notes requiring Rabobank Australia Branch to seek such a listing; 
(d) 
as a result of negotiations being initiated publicly in electronic form, or in another form, that 
is used by financial markets for dealing in instruments similar to the Notes; or 
(e) 
to a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes who, under an 
agreement with Rabobank Australia Branch offered the Notes for sale within 30 days in a 
way covered by any of paragraphs (a) to (d) above. 
In relation to the issue of a Global Note, the “public offer” test will also be satisfied if the Global Note 
falls within the definition of “global bond” set out in subsection (10) of section 128F of the Tax Act. Broadly 
speaking, this will be the case if the following requirements are satisfied: 
(a) 
the Global Note describes itself as a global bond or a global note;

--- Page 392 ---
Taxation 
 
392 
(b) 
it is issued to a clearing house (as defined in subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) 
or to a person as trustee or agent for, or otherwise on behalf of, one or more clearing houses;  
(c) 
in connection with the issue of the Global Note, the clearing house or houses confer rights in 
relation to the Global Note on other persons and will record the existence of the rights;  
(d) 
before the issue of the Global Note, Rabobank Australia Branch or a Dealer, in relation to the 
placement of the Global Note, on behalf of Rabobank Australia Branch announces that, as a 
result of the issue, such rights will be able to be created;  
(e) 
the announcement is made in a way or ways covered by any of subsections (3)(a) to (e) of 
section 128F of the Tax Act (reading a reference in those paragraphs to “debentures or debt 
interests” as if it were a reference to the rights referred to in paragraph (d) above and a 
reference to the “company” as if it included a reference to the Dealer); and 
(f) 
under the terms of the Global Note, interests in the Global Note are able to be surrendered, 
whether or not in particular circumstances, in exchange for other debentures issued by 
Rabobank Australia Branch that are not themselves Global Notes. 
The public offer test is not satisfied in respect of any of the Notes if at the time of issue Rabobank 
knew, or had reasonable grounds to suspect, that: 
(a) 
a Note or an interest in a Note was being, or would later be, acquired directly or indirectly by 
an associate (as defined in subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) of Rabobank; and 
(b) 
either: 
(i) 
the associate is a non-resident of Australia and the Note, or an interest in the Note, 
was not being, or would not be, acquired by the associate in carrying on a business at 
or through a permanent establishment in Australia; or 
(ii) 
the associate is a resident of Australia and the Note, or an interest in the Note, was 
being, or would be, acquired by the associate in carrying on a business at or through 
a permanent establishment in a country outside Australia; and 
(c) 
the Note or an interest in the Note was not being, or would not be, acquired by the associate 
in the capacity of a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes, 
or a clearing house, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme 
(as defined in the Australian Corporations Act). 
The exemption in section 128F of the Tax Act also does not apply to interest (or an amount in the 
nature of interest) paid by Rabobank Australia Branch to a holder in respect of a Note, if Rabobank was 
aware or had reasonable grounds to suspect, at the time of payment, that: 
(a) 
the holder is an associate (as defined in subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) of 
Rabobank; and 
(b) 
either: 
(i) 
the associate is a non-resident of Australia and the payment is not received by the 
associate in respect of a Note that the associate acquired in carrying on a business at 
or through a permanent establishment in Australia; or 
(ii) 
the associate is a resident of Australia and the payment is received by the associate 
in respect of a Note that the associate acquired in carrying on a business at or through 
a permanent establishment in a country outside Australia; and

--- Page 393 ---
Taxation 
 
393 
(c) 
the associate does not receive the payment in the capacity of a clearing house, paying agent, 
custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme (as defined in the 
Australian Corporations Act). 
An “associate” of Rabobank Australia Branch for the purposes of section 128F of the Tax Act 
includes: (i) a person or entity which holds more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares in or otherwise 
sufficiently influences Rabobank (whether by itself or together with another entity), (ii) an entity in which 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares are held by, or which is otherwise sufficiently influenced by, 
Rabobank, (whether by itself or together with another entity) (iii) the trustee of a trust where Rabobank is 
capable of benefiting (whether directly or indirectly) under a trust, and (iv) a person or entity which is an 
“associate” of another person or entity which is an “associate” of Rabobank under any of the foregoing. 
Although it depends on the final terms of the Notes (including under the relevant Final Terms (if 
applicable)): 
(a) 
returns on Notes bearing fixed or floating interest should be interest; and 
(b) 
although not without doubt, it is likely that returns on other forms of Notes will be interest, for 
the purposes of the interest withholding tax provisions. 
There are also specific rules that can apply to treat a portion of the purchase price of Notes as 
interest for interest withholding tax purposes if the Notes were originally issued at a discount, have a 
maturity premium or if they do not pay interest at least annually and they are acquired by an Australian 
resident Noteholder (not carrying on business through a permanent establishment outside of Australia) or 
non-resident Noteholder carrying on a business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. The 
rules do not apply if the deemed interest would have been exempt under section 128F of the Tax Act if the 
Notes had been held to maturity by a non-resident. 
In certain circumstances, section 126 of the Tax Act imposes a type of withholding tax at the rate of 
45 per cent. under the Income Tax (Bearer Debentures) Act 1971, on the payment of interest on bearer 
notes if Rabobank Australia Branch fails to disclose the names and addresses of the holders to the 
Australian Taxation Office (“ATO”). The ATO is of the view that the holder of a debenture for the purposes 
of section 126(1)(e) of the Tax Act is the person or entity in possession of the debenture and that this is 
the person or entity to whom Rabobank Australia Branch makes the payment of interest. Section 126 does 
not apply if the interest payable under a bearer note is subject to interest withholding tax under Division 
11A of the Tax Act or if the interest is exempt from interest withholding tax under section 128F to the extent 
it applies to non-residents of Australia who are not engaged in carrying on business in Australia at or 
through a permanent establishment in Australia. Consequently, section 126 should only apply to persons 
or entities in possession of bearer notes who are residents of Australia or non-residents who are engaged 
in carrying on business in Australia at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. Where interests 
in the relevant Notes are held by persons through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Rabobank 
Australia Branch intends to treat the operators of those systems as the holders of the relevant Notes for 
the purpose of section 126. 
For completeness, Rabobank notes that even if the public offer test in section 128F is not satisfied, 
an exemption from Australian interest withholding tax may still apply to certain Noteholders (see below) 
under the current double tax agreements between Australia and a number of other countries (each a 
Specified Country).  
The exemption applies in respect of payments of interest arising in Australia to residents of the 
Specified Countries who are either: 
(a) 
governments and certain governmental authorities and agencies in that country; or 
(b) 
certain financial institutions, being a bank or other enterprise that substantially derives their 
profits by carrying on a business of raising and providing finance.

--- Page 394 ---
Taxation 
 
394 
Each of these double tax agreements contains anti-avoidance rules which will negate the exemption 
in respect of back-to-back loans and economically equivalent arrangements. 
The Australian Federal Treasury maintains a listing of Australia’s double tax conventions which 
provides details of the relevant country and status of the agreement on its website. 
Rabobank notes that the above exemption will not be relevant if (as is currently expected) the public 
offer test in section 128F is satisfied. 
If Rabobank Australia Branch is compelled by law at any time to withhold or deduct an amount in 
respect of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Commonwealth of Australia or any authority therein having the power to tax, it will, except as stated in the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes, pay such additional amounts as will result in the payment to the 
Noteholders concerned of the sum which would otherwise have been payable on the Notes. 
The Taxation Administration Act 1953 (“TA Act”) also requires a further type of withholding (Foreign 
Resident Withholding) which broadly provides that an entity carrying on business in Australia must withhold 
an amount from certain payments (prescribed by regulation) paid to non-residents, unless an appropriate 
exemption applies. Foreign Resident Withholding does not apply to payments of interest for the purposes 
of Division 11A of Part III of the Tax Act. Further, it is not expected that any regulations will be made that 
would impact on the repayment of principal under the Notes, since such repayments should not be 
regarded as reasonably related to assessable income of the foreign resident. 
Other taxes 
Rabobank Australia Branch has been advised by its Australian counsel that, under current 
Australian law: 
(a) 
subject to compliance with the specific requirements of section 128F of the Tax Act referred 
to above, payments of principal and interest (as the meaning of that term is extended by 
section 128A(1AB) of the Tax Act) by Rabobank Australia Branch to a holder of a Note who: 
(i) 
is a non-resident of Australia; 
(ii) 
during the taxable year has not carried on business at or through a permanent 
establishment within Australia; and 
(iii) 
is, at the time of issue and each subsequent payment date, not an associate (as 
defined in subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) of Rabobank other than an 
associate who receives the payment in the capacity of a clearing house, custodian, 
funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme (as referred to above) or, 
if the holder is such an associate, Rabobank did not at the relevant times know this or 
have reasonable grounds to suspect it, 
should not be subject to Australian income tax; 
(b) 
a holder of a Note who is a non-resident of Australia and who during the taxable year has not 
carried on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia: 
(i) 
should not be subject to Australian income tax on gains realised during that year on 
sale or redemption of the Note, provided that such gains do not have an Australian 
source and the Note was not used at any time by the holder in carrying on a business 
at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. A gain arising on the sale of a 
Note by a non-resident holder to another non-resident where the Note is sold outside 
Australia and all negotiations and documentation are conducted and executed outside 
Australia should not be regarded as having an Australian source; and

--- Page 395 ---
Taxation 
 
395 
(ii) 
should not be subject to Australian capital gains tax (“CGT”) on gains realised during 
that year on the sale or redemption of the Note; 
(c) 
the Notes should not be subject to death, estate or succession duties imposed by Australia 
or by any instrumentality thereof or therein; 
(d) 
no ad valorem stamp duty nor issue registration or similar taxes should be payable in 
Australia on the issue or transfer of the Notes;  
(e) 
no Australian goods and services tax should be payable on the issue or transfer of Notes or 
in respect of the payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(f) 
the tax treatment of the Notes for Australian resident Noteholders and non-resident 
Noteholders who hold their Notes in the course of carrying on a business through an 
Australian permanent establishment will depend on whether or not Division 230 (the Taxation 
of Financial Arrangements or “TOFA” provisions) of the Tax Act applies to the Noteholder. 
(i) 
If Division 230 applies, the Division statutorily sets out a number of methods that may 
be available to recognise the quantum and timing of income (including interest and 
profits on disposal or redemption of the Notes) and deductions (including losses on 
disposal or redemption of the Notes) arising in relation to financial arrangements 
(which would include the Notes), including accruals, realisation, reliance on financial 
reports, fair value, foreign exchange retranslation and hedging. It also generally 
removes the distinction between capital and revenue by characterising gains or losses 
in respect of financial arrangements as being on revenue account. 
(ii) 
If Division 230 does not apply, Noteholders will still be required to include any interest 
or other income derived in respect of the Notes in their assessable income under 
ordinary income tax principles. Depending upon the terms of the Notes, such 
Noteholders may also be required to include in their assessable Australian income, or 
may be allowed a deduction in respect of, any profit or loss (respectively) on sale or 
redemption of the Notes; 
(g) 
payment of interest on Notes issued by Rabobank Australia Branch to Noteholders who are 
either Australian residents, or non-residents holding Notes in connection with a permanent 
establishment in Australia, may be subject to withholding tax under Part VA of the Tax Act 
and section 12-140 of Schedule 1 of the TA Act where the recipient of the interest does not 
quote their tax file number (“TFN”) or, in certain circumstances, their Australian Business 
Number (“ABN”), or proof of some other relevant exemption. Any such tax will be withheld at 
the then current rate. The rate at the date of this document is 47 per cent.; 
(h) 
payment in respect of the Notes should be able to be made free and clear of Australian 
withholding tax imposed pursuant to section 12-190 of Schedule 1 of the TA Act; 
(i) 
Division 974 of the 1997 Act contains tests for characterising debt (for all entities) and equity 
(for companies) for Australian tax purposes including interest withholding tax. A more detailed 
consideration of the rules set out in Division 974 of the 1997 Act and the thin capitalisation 
rules set out in Division 820 of the 1936 Act is beyond the scope of this summary. 
(j) 
The Australian Commissioner of Taxation may give a notice or direction under Section 255 
of the Tax Act or section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the TAA requiring the Issuer to deduct from 
any sum payable by it to another person (including a holder of a Debt Instrument) any amount 
in respect of Australian tax payable by the payee. 
Section 255 of the Tax Act allows the Commissioner of Taxation to require a person 
(including an entity) having the receipt, control or disposal of money belonging to a non-

--- Page 396 ---
Taxation 
 
396 
resident of Australia (including because an amount is owing to that non-resident) to withhold 
and remit amounts to the Commissioner of Taxation on behalf of the non-resident for unpaid 
tax that is due and payable by the non-resident, if the non-resident: 
(i) 
derives income, or profits or gains of a capital nature from a source in Australia; or 
(ii) 
is a shareholder, debenture holder or depositor in a company deriving income, or 
profits or gains of a capital nature from a source in Australia. 
Section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the TAA allows the Commissioner of Taxation to 
require an entity that owes money to another entity that has unpaid tax-related liabilities, 
judgment debts or outstanding penalties owing to the Commissioner of Taxation to withhold 
and remit amounts to the Commissioner on behalf of that other entity. An entity will be 
regarded as owing money to another entity (“debtor”) if it: 
(i) 
is an entity by whom the money is due or accruing to the debtor; 
(ii) 
holds money for or on account of the debtor; 
(iii) holds money for or on account of some other entity for payment to the debtor; or 
(iv) has authority from some other entity to pay the money to the debtor. 
Belgium 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding 
of Notes obtained by an investor in Belgium. This information is of a general nature and does not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Notes. This summary is based on Belgian tax legislation, treaties, 
rules, and administrative interpretations and similar documentation, in force as of the date of the publication 
of this Base Prospectus, without prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date, even if 
implemented with retroactive effect. This summary does not describe the tax consequences for a holder 
of Notes that are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into assets, of the exercise, settlement or 
redemption of such Notes or any tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or 
redemption. 
Each prospective holder of Notes should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes, taking into account the inﬂuence of each regional, local or 
national law.  
Belgian Withholding Tax  
Under Belgian tax law, “interest” income includes: (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid 
by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (whether or not on the maturity date), and (iii) if the Notes qualify 
as ‘‘ﬁxed income securities’’ (in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code 1992), in the 
case of a realisation of the Notes between two interest payment dates, the interest accrued during the 
detention period. “Fixed income securities” include Notes where there is a causal link between the amount 
of interest income and the detention period of the Notes, on the basis of which it is possible to calculate 
the amount of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the Notes during their lifetime. Further, 
on 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the tax treatment of income from 
structured products the return of which is linked to an underlying value (share basket, index, etc.) and the 
terms and conditions of which include one or more of the following features: (a) a (conditional) minimum 
return; (b) capital protection; (c) a periodic coupon payment; and (d) determination of income at an 
intermediary stage using a “ratchet” system. The circular letter takes the position that such structured 
products qualify as “fixed income securities” and sets out a (somewhat unclear) formula to calculate the

--- Page 397 ---
Taxation 
 
397 
pro rata of accrued interest. It is debatable whether the general statements made in the circular letter are 
in line with Belgian tax legislation. 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be 
subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of 
any non-Belgian withholding taxes) subject to such reductions or exemptions as may be available under 
Belgian domestic or treaty law. 
Belgian Income Tax rules applicable to natural persons resident in Belgium  
For Belgian resident individuals, the 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income 
tax for Belgian resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on 
the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided withholding tax was levied on these interests. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Notes in their personal 
income tax return. Also, if no Belgian withholding tax has been withheld (e.g. because the interest is paid 
outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or because it concerns the pro rata of 
accrued interest in the case of a sale of the Notes), the interest received (after deduction of any non-
Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is 
declared in this way will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive 
personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer’s other declared income, if this results in 
lower taxation) and no local surcharges will be due. The Belgian withholding tax levied may be credited 
against the income tax liability. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except if the capital 
gains are realised outside the scope of the management of one’s private estate or except to the extent that 
the capital gains qualify as interest (as deﬁned above in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). 
Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes not as a private investment 
but in the framework of their professional activity or when the transactions with respect to the Notes fall 
outside the scope of the normal management of their own private estate. 
Belgian resident corporations  
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors (i.e. corporations subject to Belgian Corporate 
Income Tax) on the Notes and capital gains realised on the disposal or settlement of the Notes will in 
principle be subject to Belgian corporate income tax at the rate of in principle 25 per cent. Subject to certain 
conditions, small and medium-sized companies (as defined by article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code) are taxable at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% on the 
first tranche of taxable profits of EUR 100,000.  
If non-Belgian withholding tax has been levied on the interest, a foreign tax credit may be applied 
against the Belgian tax due. The foreign tax credit is determined by reference to a fraction where the 
numerator is equal to the rate of the foreign tax with a maximum of 15 and the denominator is equal to 100 
minus the amount of the numerator (with a number of additional limitations). Capital losses on the Notes 
are in principle tax deductible.  
For Belgian resident corporations, interest payments on the Notes (except Zero Coupon Notes and 
other Notes which provide for the capitalisation of interest) made through a paying agent in Belgium can 
under certain circumstances be exempt from withholding tax, provided a special attestation is delivered. 
The Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance with the 
applicable legal provisions.  
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the Belgian 
Income Tax Code 1992.

--- Page 398 ---
Taxation 
 
398 
Organisation for financing pensions  
Interest derived on the Notes and capital gains realised on the Notes will not be subject to Belgian 
Corporate Income Tax in the hands of Belgian Organisations for Financing Pensions (“OFPs”). Capital 
losses incurred by OFPs on the Notes will not be tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian 
withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions.  
Other Belgian legal entities  
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to Belgian tax on legal 
entities (Rechtspersonenbelasting / impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax 
treatment in Belgium with respect to the Notes.  
Payments of interest (as deﬁned in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”) on the Notes 
made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in 
Belgium and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. However, if no Belgian withholding 
tax has been withheld (e.g. because the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a 
Belgian paying agent or because it concerns the pro rata of accrued interest in the case of a sale of the 
Notes), the legal entity itself is liable to declare the interest to the Belgian tax administration and to pay the 
30 per cent. withholding tax to the Belgian treasury.  
Capital gains realised on the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except to the extent the capital gain 
qualiﬁes as interest (as deﬁned in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses on the 
Notes are in principle not tax deductible.  
Non-residents of Belgium 
The interest income on the Notes paid to a Belgian non-resident outside of Belgium, i.e. without the 
intervention of a professional intermediary in Belgium, is not subject to Belgian withholding tax. Interest 
income on the Notes paid through a Belgian professional intermediary will in principle be subject to a 30 
per cent. Belgian withholding tax, unless the holder is resident in a country with which Belgium has 
concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers the requested attestation. Non-resident holders that 
have not allocated the Notes to business activities in Belgium can also obtain an exemption of Belgian 
withholding tax on interest if the interest is paid through a Belgian credit institution, a Belgian stock market 
company or a Belgian clearing or settlement institution and provided that the non-resident (i) is the owner 
or usufruct holder of the Notes, (ii) has not allocated the Notes to business activities in Belgium and (iii) 
delivers an affidavit confirming his non-resident status and the fulfilment of conditions (i) and (ii). 
Non-resident holders using the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a 
permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident corporations (see 
above).  
Non-resident holders who do not allocate the Notes to a professional activity in Belgium are not 
subject to Belgian income tax, save, as the case may be, in the form of withholding tax.  
Belgian Implementing Legislation of Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative 
cooperation in the field of taxation, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU (the “DAC”) 
The Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) is a multilateral policy initiative led by the OECD and 
relating to the exchange of fiscal information in order to achieve fiscal transparency. On 22 November 
2022, 119 jurisdictions signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is a 
multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications.  
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country will be required to report, according to 
a due diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest,

--- Page 399 ---
Taxation 
 
399 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from 
financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made 
with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which 
includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in a CRS country. The standard includes a 
requirement to look through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative 
cooperation in direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial 
information as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented said Directive 2014/107/EU, respectively the Common 
Reporting Standard, per the Law of 16 December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial 
accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an 
automatic exchange of information on an international level and for tax purposes. 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 
16 December 2015, Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS 
contracting state shall report financial information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross 
proceeds) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the competent 
authority of the state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information 
applies in Belgium (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member 
States (including Austria, irrespective the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria 
towards other EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 
(first information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii), with respect to any other non-EU States that 
have signed the MCAA, as of the respective date as determined by the Royal Decree of 14 June 2017. 
The Royal Decree provides that (i) for a first list of 18 countries, the mandatory automatic exchange of 
information applies as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2016), (ii) for a second list of 44 
countries, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies as of income year 2017 (first 
information exchange in 2018), (iii) for one country, the mandatory automatic exchange of information 
applies as of income year 2018 (first information exchange in 2019) and (iv) for a fourth list of 6 countries 
as of income year 2019 (first information exchange in 2020). 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Belgian tax on stock exchange transactions  
The purchase and sale of the Notes on the secondary market that is (i) either entered into or carried 
out in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the 
case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, 
either by a private individual with habitual residence in Belgium or by a legal entity for the account of its 
seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian Investor”), will be subject to a tax on 
stock exchange transactions (taks op beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les operations de bourse). The tax is 
generally due at a rate of 0.12 per cent. for transactions in debt instruments and at a rate of 0.35 per cent. 
for transactions in other securities which are not capitalisation shares, with a maximum amount per 
transaction and per party of €1,300 for debt instruments and €1,600 for other securities which are not 
capitalisation shares. The tax is due separately from each of the seller/transferor and the 
purchaser/transferee and is collected by the professional intermediary. 
If the intermediary is established outside Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by 
the ordering private individual or legal entity (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock exchange tax 
return and for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due) unless that individual or entity 
can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been paid by the

--- Page 400 ---
Taxation 
 
400 
professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional 
intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying 
order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the business day after the day on which the relevant 
transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must 
be retained by the financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-today 
listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium have the 
possibility to appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities (a “Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will 
then be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions on behalf of clients 
that fall within one of the aforementioned categories (provided that these clients do not qualify as exempt 
persons for the purposes of the tax on stock exchange transactions – see below) and to comply with the 
reporting obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (borderel/bordereau) in that 
respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions 
due, the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the statutory debtor of the tax on stock 
exchange transactions. 
However, the tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for 
their own account, including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided they deliver an affidavit to 
the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional 
investors as defined in Articles 1261, 2° of the Code of various duties and taxes (Code des droits et taxes 
divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen). 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a financial transactions tax (“FTT”). This 
proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or value added tax as provided 
in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into 
force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore 
may be changed at any time. 
New Belgian annual tax on securities accounts 
Pursuant to the law of 17 February 2021 as published in the Belgian Official Gazette on 25 February 
2021, a new indirect tax of 0.15% on securities accounts has been introduced (the “Tax on Securities 
Accounts”).  
The Tax on Securities Accounts applies to securities accounts held by resident individuals, 
companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial 
intermediary which is incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad. As to non-residents individuals, 
companies and legal entities, the Tax on Securities Accounts applies to securities accounts held with a 
financial intermediary incorporated or established in Belgium and to securities accounts held by non-
residents through a Belgian establishment irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a 
financial intermediary incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad. Pursuant to certain double tax 
treaties, Belgium has however no right to tax capital. Hence, to the extent the Tax on Securities Accounts 
is viewed as a tax on capital within the meaning of these double tax treaties, treaty protection may, subject 
to certain conditions, be claimed. As to specific types of regulated entities, the Tax on Securities Accounts 
is not due on securities accounts held in the context of their own professional activity and for their own 
account. 
 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank 
and foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by

--- Page 401 ---
Taxation 
 
401 
Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment 
companies and (iv) investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 on 
access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of portfolio 
management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold 
financial instruments for the account of customers. 
The Tax on Securities Accounts is due on the average value of qualifying financial instruments held 
on one or more securities accounts during a reference period of twelve consecutive months starting in 
principle on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year. Qualifying financial 
instruments are financial instruments as referred to in Article 2, 1° of the Law of 2 August 2002 on the 
supervision of the financial sector and on financial services (including not only shares, bonds and notes, 
but also derivatives), as well as cash amounts, provided they are held in a securities account.  
No Tax on Securities Accounts is due provided the average value of the qualifying financial 
instruments held in the relevant securities account amounts to less than EUR 1 million during the relevant 
reference period. If, however, said average value amounts to EUR 1 million or more, the Tax on Securities 
Accounts will be due on the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts during 
the relevant reference period and, hence, not only on the part which exceeds the EUR 1 million threshold. 
In this respect, each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities 
account, each holder shall be jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may 
fulfil the declaration requirements for all holders. Finally, the amount of the Tax on the Securities Accounts 
is limited to 10% of the difference between the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on the 
relevant securities accounts and EUR 1 million.  
A rebuttable general anti-abuse provision has also been introduced.  
The Tax on Securities Accounts is in principle due by the financial intermediary established or located 
in Belgium. Otherwise, the Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be declared and is due by the holder of 
the securities accounts itself, unless the holder provides evidence that the Tax on Securities Accounts has 
already been withheld, declared and paid by an intermediary which is not established or located in Belgium. 
In that respect, intermediaries located or established outside of Belgium could appoint Tax on Securities 
Accounts representative in Belgium. Such a representative is then liable towards the Belgian Treasury 
(Trésor/Thesaurie) for the Tax on Securities Accounts due and for complying with certain reporting 
obligations in that respect. If the holder of the securities accounts itself is liable for reporting obligations 
(e.g. when a Belgian resident holds a securities account abroad with an average value higher than EUR 1 
million), the deadline for filing the tax return for the Tax on Securities Accounts corresponds with the 
deadline for filing the annual tax return for personal income tax purposes electronically, irrespective 
whether the Belgian resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the latter case, the Tax on Securities 
Accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year following the year on which the tax was 
calculated, at the latest. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised seek their own professional advice in relation to this new 
annual tax on securities accounts and the possible impact thereof on their own personal tax position. 
France  
The following is an overview addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of 
income arising from the Notes. This overview is (i) based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect 
in France as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially 
with retroactive effect, and (ii) prepared on the assumption that the Issuers are not French residents for 
French tax purposes and are not acting from a French branch, permanent establishment or other fixed 
place of business in France in connection with the Notes. Investors should be aware that the comments 
below are of a general nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as

--- Page 402 ---
Taxation 
 
402 
such. Prospective investors are therefore advised to consult their own qualified advisers so as to 
determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax consequences of the purchase, holding, 
redemption or sale of the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes who are French resident for tax purposes or who would hold 
such Notes through a permanent establishment or fixed base in France should be aware that transactions 
involving the Notes, including any purchase or disposal of, or other dealings in, the Notes, may have French 
tax consequences. The tax consequences regarding interest, premium on redemption and capital gains in 
particular may depend, amongst other things, upon the status of the prospective purchaser (i.e. legal 
entities or individuals) and on the specific terms and conditions of the relevant Notes.  
Pursuant to Articles 125 A and 125 D of the French tax code (Code général des impôts), subject to 
certain exceptions, interest and other similar revenues paid by paying agents established in France and 
received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax 
levied by such paying agents, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the 
year in which the payment has been made.  
Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and other related contributions) are also levied by way of 
withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on interest and other similar revenues paid by paying 
agents established in France to individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France. 
 If the paying agent is not established in France, subject to certain exceptions, the 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax and social contributions are levied by the individual investor itself. However, if the paying 
agent is located in the European Union or in a State which is a member of the European Economic Area, 
the 12.8 per cent. withholding tax and social contributions may, upon request by the French individual 
investor, be levied by such paying agent. 
The European Commission published a proposal for the FTT on 14 February 2013 for a Directive 
for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. This proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force the Participating Member 
States (which includes France) shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than 
the FTT (or value added tax as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on 
the common system of value added tax). The proposal has a very broad scope and could, if adopted in its 
current form and in certain circumstances, apply to certain dealings in the Notes.  
Under the Commission’s proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the Participating Member States. 
More recently, the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) have agreed to continue 
negotiations on the basis of a joint French-German proposal based on the French financial transactions 
tax model at a minimum rate of 0.2 per cent. which in principle would only concern acquisition of shares of 
listed companies whose market capitalisation exceeds EUR 1 billion on December 1 of the preceding year 
and whose head office is in a Member State of the European Union. The proposal remains subject to 
negotiation between the participating Member States and its scope remains uncertain. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and certain of the Participating Member States (excluding 
Estonia which already withdrew) may decide to withdraw. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Germany  
The following is an overview addressing only the German compulsory withholding tax treatment of 
income arising from the Notes. This overview is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect

--- Page 403 ---
Taxation 
 
403 
in Germany as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially 
with retroactive effect. The summary does not deal with any other German tax implications of acquiring, 
holding or disposing of the Notes. Investors should be aware that the comments below are of a general 
nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective 
investors are therefore advised to consult their own qualified advisers so as to determine, in the light of 
their individual situation, the tax consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes. 
Residents of Germany 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, there is in the Federal Republic of Germany no statutory 
obligation for the Issuer to withhold or deduct any German withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) from 
payments of interest and repayment of capital on the Notes as well as gains from the disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment of the Notes. 
However, if the Notes are kept or administered in a domestic securities deposit account by a or 
presented 
to 
a 
German 
credit 
institution 
(Kreditinstitut) 
or 
financial 
services 
institution 
(Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) (or with a German branch of a foreign credit or financial services institution), 
or with a German securities institution (Wertpapierinstitut) or a German securities trading bank 
(Wertpapierhandelsbank) (altogether a “German Disbursing Agent”), the German Disbursing Agent will 
withhold tax in an amount of 25 per cent. plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon (resulting in a 
total withholding tax rate of 26.375 per cent) on payments of interest. The same withholding tax rate applies 
to any gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of Notes except for any gains derived 
by German resident corporate holders and upon application by individual investors holding the Notes as 
business assets, subject to certain requirements. Special rules may apply in case of physical settlement. 
If the Notes were disposed, redeemed, repaid or assigned after being transferred to a securities deposit 
account with a German Disbursing Agent, the 25 per cent. withholding tax (plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon) would be levied on 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment, as the case may be, unless the investor or the previous depository bank was 
able and allowed to prove evidence for the investor’s actual acquisition costs to the German Disbursing 
Agent.  
The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned rate if church tax applies and 
is collected for an individual investor by way of withholding which is provided for as a standard procedure 
unless the individual investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central 
Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). 
Please note that according to the law for the reduction of the solidarity surcharge dated 10 
December 2019 (Gesetz zur Rückführung des Solidaritätszuschlags 1995), as of the assessment period 
2021 onwards the solidarity surcharge is only to be levied for wage tax and income tax purposes if the 
individual income tax of the investor exceeds the threshold of EUR 16,956 (EUR 33,912 for jointly assessed 
investors). The solidarity surcharge, however, remains in place for purposes of the withholding tax, the flat 
tax regime and the corporate income tax. 
Non-residents of Germany 
In general, non-residents of Germany are not subject to German withholding tax, subject to meeting 
certain further requirements. However, withholding tax may nevertheless be applicable in certain 
exceptional cases, e.g. if the Notes are presented for payment or credit at the offices of a German 
Disbursing Agent (OTC transaction).

--- Page 404 ---
Taxation 
 
404 
Luxembourg  
The comments below are intended as a basic summary of certain withholding tax consequences in 
relation to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes under Luxembourg law. Persons who are 
in any doubt as to their tax position should consult a professional tax adviser. 
Withholding tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no 
Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest).  
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding 
tax. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
The Netherlands 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in 
force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof, which changes could have retroactive effect. The following summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph “Taxes on income and capital gains” below it is assumed that a 
holder of Notes, being an individual or a non-resident entity, does not have a substantial interest 
(aanmerkelijk belang), or – in the case of such holder being an entity – a deemed substantial interest, 
in the Issuer and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder has or will have a 
substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, 
either alone or together with the individual’s partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or 
(b) certain relatives of such individual or the individual’s partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed 
to have (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or 
the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or 
certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of 
either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company.  
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, 
directly or indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, 
shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such 
company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the 
ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per 
cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, an 
entity has a deemed substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to 
have disposed of all or part of a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis.  
For the purpose of the paragraph “Taxes on income and capital gains” below, the term “entity” 
means a corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate 
tax purposes.

--- Page 405 ---
Taxation 
 
405 
Where this summary refers to a holder of Notes, an individual holding Notes or an entity holding 
Notes, such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic 
interest in such Notes or otherwise being regarded as owning Notes for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted 
that for purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third 
party such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) 
settlor, grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such 
arrangement. 
Where the summary refers to “the Netherlands” or “Dutch” it refers only to the European part of 
the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to Notes, such reference includes Coupons and Talons. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without 
withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, unless the Notes qualify 
as debt effectively functioning as equity within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, sub d, of the 
Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969) and save that Dutch 
withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed 
in the annually updated Dutch Regulation on low taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax 
purposes 
(Regeling 
laagbelastende 
staten 
en 
niet-coöperatieve 
rechtsgebieden 
voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the 
interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main 
purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest 
in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower tier) entity as the 
recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid 
mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a 
qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax 
transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i) to 
(v) above had the interest been due to the participant directly, all within the meaning of the Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Resident Entities 
An entity holding Notes which is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of 
income or a capital gain derived from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8 per cent. in 
2023). 
Resident Individuals 
An individual holding Notes who is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch 
income tax purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital 
gain derived from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.5 per cent. in 2023) if:

--- Page 406 ---
Taxation 
 
406 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active 
asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on 
the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. For 
the fiscal year 2023, separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and investments apply, 6.17 
per cent. for the category investments (including the Notes), as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year. 
The applicable percentages will be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject to 
certain anti-abuse provisions, the product of an amount equal to (a) the total deemed return divided by the 
sum of savings, debts and investments and (b) the sum of savings, debts and investments minus a tax-
free allowance, forms the individual's taxable income from savings and investments (including the Notes) 
for 2023 and will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (32 per cent. in 2023). 
Non-residents 
A holder of Notes which is not and is not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch 
tax purposes will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from the Notes 
unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either 
effectively managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment 
(vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in the 
Netherlands and the holder derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the 
holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands 
as defined in the Income Tax Act (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, 
activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift tax or inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of Notes by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(i) 
such holder is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at 
the time of the gift or death, is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose 
of the relevant provisions. 
Value added tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in 
consideration for the acquisition of the Notes, payments of principal or interest under the Notes, or 
payments in consideration for a disposal of the Notes. 
Other taxes and duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar Dutch tax or duty payable in the 
Netherlands by a holder of Notes in respect of, or in connection with, the execution, delivery and/or

--- Page 407 ---
Taxation 
 
407 
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of the 
Notes or the performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, 
by reason only of the acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery 
and/or enforcement of Notes.  
New Zealand  
The comments below are of a general nature and are based on provisions currently in force in New 
Zealand as at the date of this Base Prospectus. They relate to the position of persons who are the beneficial 
owners of the Notes and who are not associated with the Issuer (or deemed to be associated with the 
Issuer by being a member of a “non-resident owning body” with ownership interests in the Issuer) or 
otherwise party to an “indirect associated funding arrangement” with the Issuer for New Zealand tax 
purposes (in each case as defined in the Income Tax Act 2007 (NZ)). The comments are not exhaustive 
and, in particular, may not deal with the position of certain classes of Noteholders. Noteholders should 
consult their own professional advisers in relation to the New Zealand taxation implications of acquiring, 
holding or disposing of the Notes in their own particular circumstances. 
One of two kinds of withholding tax potentially applies to interest paid on a Note. In addition, an 
approved issuer levy might apply for some non-residents. 
Resident withholding tax 
Resident withholding tax potentially applies to interest paid to a Noteholder who: 
(a) 
is resident in New Zealand for New Zealand income tax purposes; or 
(b) 
is not resident in New Zealand for New Zealand income tax purposes but who derives the 
interest from money lent by that non-resident: 
(i) 
for the purposes of a business it carries on in New Zealand through a fixed 
establishment in New Zealand; or 
(ii) 
where the non-resident is a bank registered as such under New Zealand law that is 
engaged in business in New Zealand through a fixed establishment in New Zealand 
and is not associated with the Issuer. 
Resident withholding tax is not applicable if the Noteholder has RWT-exempt status (as defined in 
the Income Tax Act 2007 (NZ)). Where appropriate, the Noteholder should provide satisfactory evidence 
to the Issuer or the Registrar that such Noteholder has RWT-exempt status. 
If the Noteholder has provided evidence of its RWT-exempt status, and that status is subsequently 
revoked, the Noteholder is required by New Zealand law to notify the Registrar of the revocation within five 
working days of receipt of the notice of revocation.  
If applicable, resident withholding tax will be deducted from a payment of interest. Currently resident 
withholding tax for individuals is deducted at a rate of 10.5 per cent., 17.5 per cent., 30 per cent., 33 per 
cent. or 39 per cent., while the rate for companies is 28 per cent., 33 per cent. or 39 per cent., provided in 
each case that the Noteholder has supplied their IRD number to the Issuer or the Registrar. A “non-
declaration” 45 per cent. rate applies if the Noteholder’s IRD number is not supplied. 
Resident withholding tax would not apply in the case of a non-resident who is paid interest on a 
Note that does not have a New Zealand source.

--- Page 408 ---
Taxation 
 
408 
Non-resident withholding tax 
Non-resident withholding tax applies to interest with a New Zealand source that is paid to a 
Noteholder to whom resident withholding tax (refer above) does not apply. 
If applicable, the New Zealand Income Tax Act 2007 provides that non-resident withholding tax shall 
be deducted from a payment of interest at a rate of 15 per cent. and accounted for to the New Zealand 
Inland Revenue Department. However, most double tax agreements to which New Zealand is a party 
provide that the New Zealand taxation of interest arising from New Zealand may not exceed 10 per cent. 
of the gross amount of the interest. Some of New Zealand’s more recent double tax agreements reduce 
the rate to 0 per cent. where the recipient is the government of the country party to the double tax 
agreement, or is one of certain government agencies thereof. A Noteholder who believes that a double tax 
agreement has the effect of reducing the non-resident withholding tax otherwise applicable to interest 
payable to the Noteholder should provide the Issuer or the Registrar with satisfactory evidence supporting 
the application of that reduced rate. 
Non-resident withholding tax would not apply to interest paid on a Note that does not have a New 
Zealand source. 
Approved issuer levy 
Notes may become a “registered security” subject to the approved issuer levy taxation regime, at 
the discretion of the Issuer. If so, the Issuer will pay the approved issuer levy (expected to be 2 per cent. 
of the gross amount of the interest payable, although in certain situations a zero per cent. rate may be 
applicable) to the New Zealand Inland Revenue Department so as to reduce any non-resident withholding 
tax otherwise payable by the Issuer to zero. No reduction of the interest payable to a Noteholder will be 
made on account of the approved issuer levy paid or payable by the Issuer. 
Gross-up for Taxes 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent will make any additional payment to the Noteholders on 
account of the deduction of New Zealand resident withholding tax. If the Issuer is compelled by law at any 
time to withhold or deduct an amount in respect of New Zealand non-resident withholding tax from interest 
paid or payable to a Noteholder, it will, except as stated in the Terms and Conditions for the Notes and 
subject to the utilisation of the approved issuer levy regime (refer “Approved issuer levy” above), pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the payment to the Noteholder concerned of the sum that would 
otherwise have been payable on the Notes. 
Income tax 
The New Zealand financial arrangements rules may apply to a Noteholder who: 
(a) 
is resident in New Zealand for New Zealand income tax purposes; or 
(b) 
is not resident in New Zealand for New Zealand income tax purposes but who holds the Note 
for the purposes of a business carried on in New Zealand through a fixed establishment in 
New Zealand. 
If applicable, the financial arrangements rules may require the Noteholder to adopt a spreading 
method to recognise the Noteholder’s annual interest income from the Notes. The adoption of a spreading 
method is not required for a Noteholder able to be classified as a “cash basis person”. 
The financial arrangements rules require all Noteholders subject to the rules, including a cash basis 
person, to perform a “base price adjustment” calculation upon sale, transfer, maturity or repurchase of the 
Notes. The calculation may bring to account any previously unrecognised gain on the Notes, including any 
gain from the sale, transfer, maturity or redemption.

--- Page 409 ---
Taxation 
 
409 
Singapore 
The statements below are general in nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax laws in 
Singapore and administrative guidelines and circulars issued by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore 
("IRAS") and the Monetary Authority of Singapore ("MAS") in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented) and are subject to any changes in such laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, or 
the interpretation of those laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. These laws, administrative guidelines and circulars are 
also subject to various interpretations and the relevant tax authorities or the courts could later disagree 
with the explanations or conclusions set out below. Neither these statements nor any other statements in 
this Base Prospectus are intended or are to be regarded as advice on the tax position of any holder of the 
Notes or of any person acquiring, selling or otherwise dealing with the Notes or on any tax implications 
arising from the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the Notes. The statements made herein do 
not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and do not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or financial institutions in Singapore which have been granted the relevant Financial Sector 
Incentive(s)) may be subject to special rules or tax rates. The statements should not be regarded as advice 
on the tax position of any person and should be treated with appropriate caution. Prospective Noteholders 
and Noteholders are advised to consult their own professional tax advisers as to the Singapore or other 
tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership of or disposal of the Notes, including, in particular, the 
effect of any foreign, state or local tax laws to which they are subject. It is emphasised that none of the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers and any other persons involved in the Programme or any issuance of the 
Notes accept responsibility for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from the subscription for, purchase, 
holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Interest and Other Payments 
Subject to the following paragraphs, under Section 12(6) of the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore 
("ITA"), the following payments are deemed to be derived from Singapore: 
(a) 
any interest, commission, fee or any other payment in connection with any loan or 
indebtedness or with any arrangement, management, guarantee, or service relating to any 
loan or indebtedness which is (i) borne, directly or indirectly, by a person resident in 
Singapore or a permanent establishment in Singapore (except in respect of any business 
carried on outside Singapore through a permanent establishment outside Singapore or any 
immovable property situated outside Singapore) or (ii) deductible against any income 
accruing in or derived from Singapore; or 
(b) 
any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are brought into or 
used in Singapore. 
Such payments, where made to a person not known to the paying party to be a resident in Singapore 
for tax purposes, are generally subject to withholding tax in Singapore. The rate at which tax is to be 
withheld for such payments (other than those subject to the 15 per cent. final withholding tax described 
below) to nonresident persons (other than non-resident individuals) is currently 17 per cent. The applicable 
rate for nonresident individuals is 22 per cent. However, if the payment is derived by a person not resident 
in Singapore otherwise than from any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on or exercised by 
such person in Singapore and is not effectively connected with any permanent establishment in Singapore 
of that person, the payment is subject to a final withholding tax of 15 per cent. The rate of 15 per cent. may 
be reduced by applicable tax treaties, subject to conditions being met. 
Notwithstanding the above, the said deeming provisions of Section 12(6) of the ITA would not apply 
to payments for any arrangement, management, service or guarantee relating to any loan or indebtedness,

--- Page 410 ---
Taxation 
 
410 
where: (i) the arrangement, management or service is performed outside Singapore; or (ii) the guarantee 
is provided, for or on behalf of a person resident in Singapore or a permanent establishment in Singapore 
by a non-resident person and: 
(a) 
where such non-resident person is not an individual, is not incorporated, formed or registered 
in Singapore; and 
(b) 
where, in any event, the person: 
(i) does not by himself or in association with others, carry on a business in Singapore and 
does not have a permanent establishment in Singapore; or 
(ii) carries on a business in Singapore (by himself or in association with others) or has a 
permanent establishment in Singapore, but: (a) the arrangement, management or 
service is not performed through; or (b) the giving of the guarantee is not effectively 
connected with, that business carried on in Singapore or that permanent establishment. 
Certain Singapore-sourced investment income derived by individuals from financial instruments is 
exempt from Singapore tax, including: 
(a) 
interest from debt securities derived on or after 1 January 2004; 
(b) 
discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading) from debt 
securities derived on or after 17 February 2006; and 
(c) 
prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost from debt securities derived on or after 
15 February 2007, 
except where such income is derived through a partnership in Singapore or is derived from the carrying on 
of a trade, business or profession. 
The terms "break cost", "prepayment fee" and "redemption premium" are defined in the ITA as 
follows: 
"break cost", in relation to debt securities, qualifying debt securities or qualifying project debt 
securities, means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, 
the amount of which is determined by any loss or liability incurred by the holder of the securities in 
connection with such redemption; 
"prepayment fee", in relation to debt securities, qualifying debt securities or qualifying project debt 
securities, means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, 
the amount of which is determined by the terms of the issuance of the securities; and 
"redemption premium", in relation to debt securities, qualifying debt securities or qualifying project 
debt securities, means any premium payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption of the 
securities upon their maturity. 
References to "break cost", "prepayment fee" and "redemption premium" in this Singapore tax 
disclosure have the same meaning as defined in the ITA. 
Qualifying Debt Securities 
In addition, with respect to any tranche of Notes issued as debt securities under this Programme 
(the "Relevant Notes") during the period from the date of this Base Prospectus to 31 December 2023 
where, pursuant to the ITA, more than half of the issue of such Relevant Notes is distributed by one or 
more Financial Sector Incentive (Capital Market) Companies (as defined in the ITA), Financial Sector 
Incentive (Standard Tier) Companies (as defined in the ITA) and/or Financial Sector Incentive (Bond 
Market) Companies (as defined in the ITA), such Relevant Notes would be QDS for the purposes of the 
ITA, to which the following treatments shall apply:

--- Page 411 ---
Taxation 
 
411 
(a) 
subject to certain prescribed conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing by the 
Issuer, or such other person as the MAS may direct, to the MAS of a return on debt securities 
for the Relevant Notes in the prescribed format within such period as the MAS may specify 
and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant Notes as the MAS may require, 
and the inclusion by the Issuer in all offering documents relating to the Relevant Notes of a 
statement to the effect that where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption 
premium or break cost from the Relevant Notes is derived by a person who is not resident in 
Singapore and who carries on any operation in Singapore through a permanent 
establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for QDS shall not apply if the non-resident 
person acquires the Relevant Notes using funds and profits of that person's operations 
through the permanent establishment in Singapore), interest, discount income (not including 
discount income arising from secondary trading), prepayment fee, redemption premium and 
break cost (collectively, the "Qualifying Income") from the Relevant Notes and derived by a 
holder who is not resident in Singapore and who (aa) does not have any permanent 
establishment in Singapore or (bb) carries on any operation in Singapore through a 
permanent establishment in Singapore but the funds used by that person to acquire the 
Relevant Notes are not obtained from such person's operation through a permanent 
establishment in Singapore, are exempt from Singapore tax; 
(b) 
subject to certain prescribed conditions having been fulfilled, including the furnishing by the 
Issuer, or such other person as the MAS may direct, to the MAS of a return on debt securities 
for the Relevant Notes in the prescribed format within such period as the MAS may specify 
and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant Notes as the MAS may require, 
Qualifying Income from the Relevant Notes derived by any company or body of persons (as 
defined in the ITA) in Singapore is subject to income tax at a concessionary rate of 10 per 
cent. (except for holders of the relevant Financial Sector Incentive(s) who may be taxed at 
different rates); and 
(c) 
subject to: 
(i) the Issuer including, in all offering documents relating to the Relevant Notes, a 
statement to the effect that any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment 
fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Relevant Notes is not exempt 
from tax shall include such income in a return of income made under the ITA; and 
(ii) the furnishing by the Issuer, or such other person as the MAS may direct, to the MAS 
of a return on debt securities for the Relevant Notes in the prescribed format within such 
period as the MAS may specify and such other particulars in connection with the 
Relevant Notes as the MAS may require, 
payments of Specified Income derived from the Relevant Notes are not subject to withholding 
of tax by the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(a) 
if during the primary launch of any tranche of Relevant Notes, the Relevant Notes of such 
tranche are issued to fewer than four persons and 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such 
tranche of the Relevant Notes is beneficially held or funded, directly or indirectly, by related 
parties of the Issuer, such Relevant Notes would not qualify as QDS; and 
(b) 
even though a particular tranche of Relevant Notes are QDS, if 50 per cent. or more of the 
issue of such tranche of the Relevant Notes which are outstanding at any time during the life 
of their issue is beneficially held or funded, directly or indirectly, by any related party(ies) of 
the Issuer, Specified Income derived from such Relevant Notes held by:

--- Page 412 ---
Taxation 
 
412 
(i) any related party(ies) of the Issuer; or 
(ii) any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Relevant Notes 
are obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party(ies) of the Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the tax exemption or concessionary rate of tax as described above. 
The term "related party", in relation to a person, means any other person who, directly or indirectly, 
controls that person, or is controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, or where he and that other 
person, directly or indirectly, are under the control of a common person. 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (i.e. the 
Specified Income) is derived from the Relevant Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and 
who carries on any operations in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax 
exemption available for QDS under the ITA (as mentioned above) shall not apply if such person acquires 
such Relevant Securities using the funds and profits of such person's operations through a permanent 
establishment in Singapore. Any person whose Specified Income derived from the Relevant Notes is not 
exempt from tax is required to include such income in a return of income made under the ITA. 
Capital Gains 
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of the Notes will not be 
taxable in Singapore. However, any gains derived by any person from the sale of the Notes which are 
gains from any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on by that person, if accruing in or derived 
from Singapore, may be taxable as such gains are considered revenue in nature. 
Noteholders who are adopting Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 39 – Financial Instruments: 
Recognition and Measurement ("FRS 39") or Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 109 – Financial 
Instruments ("FRS 109"), or Singapore Financial Reporting Standard (International) 9 ("SFRS(I) 9") (as the 
case may be) may, for Singapore income tax purposes, be required to recognise gains or losses (not being 
gains or losses in the nature of capital) on the Notes, irrespective of disposal, in accordance with FRS 39, 
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be). Please see the section below on "Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 
109 or SFRS(I) 9 for Singapore Income Tax Purposes". 
Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 for Singapore Income Tax Purposes 
Section 34A of the ITA provides for the tax treatment for financial instruments in accordance with 
FRS 39 (subject to certain exceptions and “opt-out” provisions) to taxpayers who are required to comply 
with FRS 39 for financial reporting purposes. The IRAS has issued a circular entitled "Income Tax 
Implications Arising from the Adoption of FRS 39 — Financial Instruments: Recognition & Measurement". 
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2018, replacing FRS 39. Section 34AA of the ITA requires taxpayers who comply or 
who are required to comply with FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) for financial reporting 
purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore income tax purposes in respect of financial 
instruments in accordance with FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be), subject to certain exceptions. 
The IRAS has also issued a circular entitled "Income Tax: Income Tax Treatment Arising from Adoption of 
FRS 109 – Financial Instruments". 
Noteholders who may be subject to the tax treatment under Sections 34A or 34AA of the ITA should 
consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore income tax consequences of their 
acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Estate Duty 
Singapore estate duty has been abolished with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 15 
February 2008.

--- Page 413 ---
Taxation 
 
413 
Switzerland  
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) 
Notes issued by any of the Issuers where the Noteholder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax 
presence in Switzerland or (ii) Notes where the Paying Agent, custodian or securities dealer is located in 
Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not aim 
to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
invest in Notes. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular situation. All investors are 
advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Notes (or options embedded therein) 
in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
Payments of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Notes by the Issuer will not be subject 
to Swiss federal withholding tax, provided that the Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside 
Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes.  
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council proposed draft legislation and opened the consultation 
procedure regarding the reform of the Swiss withholding tax regime, which had previously been 
suspended. A main aspect of the draft legislation is the exemption of Swiss-domiciled legal entities and 
foreign investors from withholding tax on Swiss domestic interest-based investments. In essence, the draft 
legislation would replace the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying 
agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Broadly, this paying agent-based regime would (i) subject 
all interest payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to 
Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to all other persons, 
including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect interest payments 
via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). However, the results of the consultation on this 
draft legislation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. Consequently, on 15 April 2021, the 
Swiss Federal Council submitted new draft legislation on the reform of the Swiss withholding tax system 
providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds for submission to the 
Swiss Parliament, which legislation was accepted by the Swiss Parliament on 17 December 2021. The 
proposed legislation has been rejected in a referendum held on 25 September 2022.  
Swiss Federal Stamp Taxes 
The issue and redemption of Notes by the Issuer are not subject to Swiss federal stamp duty on the 
issue of securities. 
Purchases or sales of Notes with a maturity in excess of 12 months where a Swiss domestic bank 
or a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp duty act) is a party, or acts 
as an intermediary, to the transaction may be subject to Swiss federal stamp duty on dealings in securities 
at a rate of up to 0.3 per cent. of the purchase price of the Notes, unless an exemption applies.  
Income Taxation on Principal or Interest 
(i) 
Notes held by non-Swiss holders 
Payments of interest on and repayment of principal of the Notes by the Issuer to, and gains realised 
on the sale or redemption of Notes by, a holder of Notes who (i) is not a resident of Switzerland, (ii) has 
not during the relevant taxation year engaged in a trade or business through a permanent establishment 
or a fixed place of business in Switzerland to which the Notes are attributable and (iii) is not subject to 
income taxation in Switzerland for any other reason will not be subject to any Swiss federal, cantonal or 
communal income tax.

--- Page 414 ---
Taxation 
 
414 
(ii) 
Notes held by Swiss holders as private assets 
Notes without a “predominant one-time interest payment”: An individual who resides in Switzerland 
and privately holds a Note the yield-to-maturity of which predominantly derives from periodic interest 
payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium, is required to include all payments of interest received on such Note as well as an original issue 
discount or a repayment premium in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period, and 
will be taxed on the net taxable income (including the payment of interest on the Note) for such tax period 
at the then prevailing tax rates.  
Notes with a “predominant one-time interest payment”: An individual who resides in Switzerland and 
privately holds a Note the yield-to-maturity of which predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-
payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest 
payments, is required to include in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period any 
periodic interest payments received on the Note and, in addition, any amount equal to the difference 
between the value of the Note at redemption or sale, as applicable, and the value of the Note at issuance 
or secondary market purchase, as applicable, realised on the sale or redemption of such Note, and 
converted into Swiss francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or 
purchase, respectively, and will be taxed on any net taxable income (including such amounts) for the 
relevant tax period. A holder of a Note may offset any value decrease realised by him or her on such a 
Note on sale or redemption against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised by him or her 
within the same taxation period on the sale or redemption of other debt securities with a predominant one-
time interest payment.  
Capital gains and losses: Swiss resident individuals who sell or otherwise dispose of privately held 
Notes realise either a tax-free private capital gain or a non-tax-deductible capital loss. See the preceding 
paragraph for a summary of the tax treatment of a gain or a loss realised on Notes with a “predominant 
one-time interest payment.” See “Notes held as Swiss business assets” below for a summary on the tax 
treatment of individuals classified as “professional securities dealers.”  
(iii) 
Notes held as Swiss business assets 
Individuals who hold Notes as part of a business in Switzerland and Swiss-resident corporate 
taxpayers and corporate taxpayers residing abroad holding Notes as part of a permanent establishment 
or fixed place of business in Switzerland are required to recognise the payments of interest and any capital 
gain or loss realised on the sale or other disposition of such Notes in their income statement for the 
respective tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable earnings for such tax period. The same taxation 
treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified as 
“professional securities dealers” for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealings and leveraged transactions in 
securities. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the MCAA. The MCAA is based on article 6 of the 
OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance convention and is intended to ensure the uniform 
implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information (the “AEOI”). The Federal Act on the International 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the “AEOI Act”) entered into force on 1 January 2017. 
The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral 
agreements. The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, 
compliance with the principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and 
levy taxes (and for criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection.

--- Page 415 ---
Taxation 
 
415 
Based on such bilateral or multilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, 
Notes, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in 
Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state or in a treaty state. An up-to-date 
list of the AEOI agreements of Switzerland in effect or signed and becoming effective can be found on the 
website of the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters SIF. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss 
financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder 
or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be 
transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope 
of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and 
Switzerland. 
Taiwan  
The following summary of certain taxation provisions under Taiwan law is based on current law and 
practice that the Notes will be issued, offered, sold and re-sold, directly or indirectly, to professional 
institutional investors as defined under Paragraph 2 of Article 4 of the Financial Consumer Protection Act 
of Taiwan only. It does not purport to be comprehensive and does not constitute legal or tax advice. 
Investors (particularly those subject to special tax rules, such as banks, dealers, insurance companies and 
tax-exempt entities) should consult with their own tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Notes. 
Interest on the Notes 
As the Issuer of the Notes is not a Taiwanese statutory tax withholder, there is no Taiwanese 
withholding tax on the interest or deemed interest to be paid by the Issuer on the Notes.  
Taiwanese corporate holders must include any interest or deemed interest receivable under the 
Notes as part of their taxable income and pay income tax at a flat rate of 20 per cent. (unless the total 
taxable income for a fiscal year is 120,000 New Taiwan Dollars or under), as they are subject to income 
tax on their worldwide income on an accrual basis. The alternative minimum tax (“AMT”) is not applicable. 
Sale of the Notes 
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial bonds is subject to 0.1 per cent. securities 
transaction tax (“STT”) on the transaction price. However, Article 2-1 of the Securities Transaction Tax Act 
of Taiwan prescribes that STT will cease to be levied on the sale of corporate bonds and financial bonds 
from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2026. Therefore, the sale of the Notes will be exempt from STT if 
the sale is conducted on or before 31 December 2026. Starting from 1 January 2027, any sale of the Notes 
will be subject to STT at 0.1 per cent. of the transaction price, unless otherwise provided by the tax laws 
that may be in force at that time.  
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are exempt from Taiwan income tax. Accordingly, 
Taiwanese corporate holders are not subject to Taiwan income tax on any capital gains generated from 
the sale of the Notes. However, Taiwanese corporate holders should include such capital gains in 
calculating their basic income for the purpose of calculating their AMT. If the amount of the AMT exceeds 
the annual income tax calculated pursuant to the Taiwan Income Basic Tax Act (also known as the AMT 
Act), the excess becomes the Taiwanese corporate holders’ AMT payable. Capital losses, if any, incurred 
from the sale of the Notes by such holders could be carried over 5 years to offset against capital gains of 
same category of income for the purposes of calculating their AMT.

--- Page 416 ---
Taxation 
 
416 
Non-Taiwanese corporate holders with a fixed place of business (e.g., a branch) or a business agent 
in Taiwan are not subject to income tax on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Notes. However, 
their fixed place of business or business agent should include any such capital gains in calculating their 
basic income for the purposes of calculating AMT. 
As to non-Taiwanese corporate holders without a fixed place of business and a business agent in 
Taiwan, they are not subject to income tax or AMT on any capital gains generated from the sale of the 
Notes. 
United Kingdom  
The following applies only to persons who are the beneficial owners of Notes and is a summary of 
the Issuer’s understanding of current United Kingdom law as applied in England and Wales and published 
HM Revenue and Customs (“HMRC”) practice (which may not be binding on HMRC), in each case, as at 
the latest practicable date before the date of this Base Prospectus, relating only to United Kingdom 
withholding tax treatment of payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes. It does not deal with 
any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes and is not 
intended to be exhaustive. It assumes that interest on the Notes does not have a United Kingdom source 
and, in particular, that the Issuer is neither United Kingdom resident nor acts through a permanent 
establishment in the United Kingdom in relation to the Notes. The United Kingdom tax treatment of 
prospective Noteholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the 
future. Prospective Noteholders who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom 
or who may be unsure as to their tax position should seek their own professional advice. 
References in this part to “interest” shall mean amounts that are treated as interest for the purposes 
of United Kingdom taxation. 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of United Kingdom income tax. 
United States  
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) (other than “Fungible Issue” which 
applies to all holders). Except where otherwise expressly noted, all references to Notes in this summary 
refer only to Registered Notes issued by Rabobank that are properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. This summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of 
Note which may be issued under the Programme, and the relevant Final Terms may contain additional or 
modified disclosure concerning the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type 
of Note as appropriate. This summary deals only with initial purchasers of Notes that acquire the Notes in 
an offering at their initial offering price, that are U.S. Holders and that will hold the Notes as capital assets. 
The discussion does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the 
actual tax effect that any of the matters described herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or 
disposition of Notes by particular investors (such as the alternative minimum tax or the Medicare tax on 
net investment income), and does not address state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws (such as estate and 
gift tax laws). In particular, this summary does not discuss all of the tax considerations that may be relevant 
to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as 
financial institutions, insurance companies, individual retirement accounts and other tax-deferred 
accounts, tax-exempt organisations, dealers in securities or currencies, investors that will hold the Notes 
as part of straddles, hedging transactions or conversion transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
persons that have ceased to be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents of the United States, investors 
holding the Notes in connection with a trade or business conducted outside of the United States, U.S.

--- Page 417 ---
Taxation 
 
417 
citizens or lawful permanent residents living abroad or investors whose functional currency is not the U.S. 
Dollar). Moreover, the summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax treatment of (i) Equity Linked 
Notes and Index Linked Notes that reference equities, (ii) FX Linked Notes, (iii) Notes for which payments 
of principal or interest are denominated in, or determined by reference to, more than one currency, or (iv) 
Notes with a term of more than 30 years. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning any such 
Notes may be discussed in a supplement or the relevant Final Terms. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Notes that is for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or 
organised under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate 
the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source or (iv) a trust if a court 
within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one 
or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has 
validly elected to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in an entity or arrangement treated as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that holds Notes will depend on the status of the partner 
and the activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are entities or arrangements treated as 
partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to them and their partners of the acquisition, ownership and disposition 
of Notes by the partnership. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States, including the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations thereunder, 
published rulings and court decisions, all as of the date hereof and all subject to change at any time, 
possibly with retroactive effect. 
U.S. Holders that maintain certain types of financial statements and use the accrual method of 
accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally are required to include certain amounts in 
income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on their financial statements. The application of 
this rule may require U.S. Holders that maintain such financial statements to include certain amounts 
realised in respect of the Notes in income earlier than would otherwise be the case under the rules 
described herein, although the precise application of this rule is unclear at this time. U.S. Holders that use 
the accrual method of accounting should consult with their tax advisors regarding the potential applicability 
of this rule to their particular situation. 
Bearer Notes (including Exchangeable Bearer Notes while in bearer form) are not being offered to 
U.S. Holders. A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be subject to limitations under United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Code. This 
discussion does not otherwise address the consequences of the acquisitions, ownership and disposition 
of Bearer Notes. 
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. ALL PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING THE 
NOTES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER 
TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
The following summary applies to Notes that are properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. 
Payments of interest 
General

--- Page 418 ---
Taxation 
 
418 
Interest on a Note (including any non-U.S. taxes withheld and additional amounts paid with respect 
thereto), whether payable in U.S. Dollars or a single currency other than U.S. Dollars (a “foreign currency”), 
other than interest on a “Discount Note” that is not “qualified stated interest” (each as defined below under 
“Original issue discount — General”), generally will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the 
time it is received or accrued, depending on the U.S. Holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, reduced by the allocable amount of amortisable bond premium, subject to the discussion 
below. Interest paid by Rabobank on the Notes and original issue discount (“OID”), if any, accrued with 
respect to the Notes (as described below under “Original issue discount”) generally will constitute income 
from sources outside the United States for foreign tax credit limitation purposes. The rules governing 
foreign tax credits are very complex and recently issued final U.S. Treasury Regulations (“Final FTC 
Regulations”) have imposed additional requirements that must be met for a foreign tax to be creditable, 
and Rabobank does not intend to determine whether such requirements are met. Prospective purchasers 
should consult their tax advisers concerning the applicability of the foreign tax credit and source of income 
rules to income attributable to the Notes, and the creditability or deductibility of any non-U.S. taxes withheld 
in their particular circumstances. 
Pre-Issuance Accrued Interest 
If a portion of the price paid for a Note is attributable to an amount of interest accrued prior to the 
date the Note is issued (the “pre-issuance accrued interest”), a portion of the first interest payment on the 
Notes equal to the amount of the pre-issuance accrued interest may be treated as a non-taxable return of 
the pre-issuance accrued interest. This discussion assumes that the first interest payment on Notes with 
pre-issuance accrued interest will be so treated, and references to interest in the remainder of this 
discussion exclude pre-issuance accrued interest. This discussion assumes that, in determining the issue 
price of a Note, there will be excluded an amount equal to the pre-issuance accrued interest. Pre-issuance 
accrued interest not included in income should not form part of any amortisable bond premium (as 
described below under “–Notes Purchased at a Premium”). A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note will be 
reduced by any non-taxable return of pre-issuance accrued interest. This discussion does not otherwise 
address the treatment of pre-issuance accrued interest, and U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers 
concerning the U.S. federal income tax treatment of pre-issuance accrued interest.  
Original issue discount 
General 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership 
of Notes issued with OID. 
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term Note”), will be treated as 
issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at maturity” over 
its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption 
price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation that provides for 
the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an “instalment obligation”) 
will be treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity over its 
issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note’s weighted average maturity is the sum of 
the following amounts determined for each payment on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated 
interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) 
a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note’s 
stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the issue price of a Note will be the first price at which a 
substantial amount of Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than 
bond houses, brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement 
agents or wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments 
provided by the Note that are not payments of “qualified stated interest”. A qualified stated interest payment

--- Page 419 ---
Taxation 
 
419 
generally is any one of a series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at 
least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or 
a variable rate (in the circumstances described below under “Floating Rate Notes”), applied to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Note. Solely for purposes of determining whether a Note has OID, 
Rabobank will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the 
Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the 
yield on the Note. If it was deemed that any call or put option would be exercised but was not in fact 
exercised, the Note would be treated solely for the purpose of calculating OID as if it were redeemed, and 
a new Note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note’s adjusted issue 
price on that date. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method 
before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income 
increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in 
income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the 
Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. Holder 
holds the Discount Note (“accrued OID”). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any 
“accrual period” a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect 
to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the 
Note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest 
or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID 
allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue 
price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note’s yield to maturity (determined on the 
basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual 
period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Note allocable to the accrual 
period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue 
price of the Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased 
by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest 
payments. 
Acquisition premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated interest but 
in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being “acquisition premium”) and that does not 
make the election described below under “— Election to treat all interest as original issue discount” is 
permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. 
Holder’s adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note’s adjusted issue price, 
and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the 
purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Note’s adjusted issue price. 
Market discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount 
(a “Market Discount Note”) if the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a Discount 
Note, the Note’s “revised issue price” exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the Note 
by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue price, 
respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note’s maturity (or, in the case of a Note 
that is an instalment obligation, the Note’s weighted average maturity). If this excess is not sufficient to 
cause the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes “de minimis market discount”. 
For this purpose, the “revised issue price” of a Note generally equals its issue price, increased by the 
amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note, and decreased by the amount of any payments previously 
made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. Additionally, for this purpose the “stated

--- Page 420 ---
Taxation 
 
420 
redemption price at maturity” (as defined above) is decreased by the amount of any payments previously 
made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest. 
Any gain recognised on the sale or retirement of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on 
a Note that is not qualified stated interest) generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the 
accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note may avoid 
such treatment by electing to include market discount in income currently over the life of the Note. This 
election applies to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or 
after the first day of the first taxable year for which the election is made. This election may not be revoked 
without the consent of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount 
Note that does not elect to include market discount in income currently may be required to defer deductions 
for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market Discount Note. Such interest is deductible 
when paid or incurred to the extent of income from the Note for the year. If the interest expense exceeds 
such income, such excess is currently deductible only to the extent that such excess exceeds the portion 
of the market discount allocable to the days during the taxable year on which such Note was held by the 
U.S. Holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the 
market discount on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount Note with 
respect to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Election to treat all interest as original issue discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the 
constant-yield method described above under “— General”, with certain modifications. For purposes of this 
election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market 
discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described below under 
“Notes purchased at a premium”) or acquisition premium. This election generally will apply only to the Note 
with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. If the election to 
apply the constant-yield method to all interest on a Note is made with respect to a Market Discount Note, 
the electing U.S. Holder will be treated as having made the election discussed above under “— Market 
discount” to include market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments having market 
discount that are acquired on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies. 
U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of this election. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates (“Floating Rate Notes”) generally will bear interest 
at a “qualified floating rate” and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt instruments” under Treasury 
regulations governing accrual of OID. A Floating Rate Note will qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument” 
if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total non-contingent principal payments due under the Floating 
Rate Note by equal to or more than a specified de minimis amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, paid 
or compounded at least annually, at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one 
or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective 
rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are 
contingent (other than as described in (a) above). 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably 
be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency 
in which the Floating Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified floating rate will constitute 
a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. A variable rate equal 
to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 
1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two 
or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values 
throughout the term of the Floating Rate Note (e.g. two or more qualified floating rates with values within

--- Page 421 ---
Taxation 
 
421 
25 basis points of each other as determined on the Floating Rate Note’s issue date) will be treated as a 
single qualified floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute 
a qualified floating rate but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical 
limitation (i.e. a cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e. a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail 
to be treated as a qualified floating rate. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a 
single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g. one or more 
qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify as an 
objective rate if it is based on information that is within the control of Rabobank (or a related party) or that 
is unique to the circumstances of Rabobank (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or the value of 
Rabobank’s stock (although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely because it is based on the 
credit quality of Rabobank). Other variable interest rates may be treated as objective rates if so designated 
by the IRS in the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on a Floating Rate Note will not 
constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during the first 
half of the Floating Rate Note’s term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the 
average value of the rate during the final half of the Floating Rate Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating 
rate” is any objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, as long as 
variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the 
qualified floating rate. If a Floating Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period 
of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for 
a subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Floating Rate Note’s issue date is intended to 
approximate the fixed rate (e.g. the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the 
value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will 
constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must 
be set at a “current value” of that rate. A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that is 
no earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one year 
following that first day. 
If a Floating Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then any 
stated interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments 
of the Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, 
a Floating Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single 
objective rate throughout the term thereof and that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” generally 
will not be treated as having been issued with OID unless the Floating Rate Note is issued at a “true” 
discount (i.e. at a price below the Note’s stated principal amount) equal to or in excess of a specified de 
minimis amount. OID on a Floating Rate Note arising from “true” discount is allocated to an accrual period 
using the constant-yield method described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal 
to (i) in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, 
of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other 
than a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the 
Floating Rate Note. 
In general, any other Floating Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” will be 
converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount and 
accrual of OID and qualified stated interest on the Floating Rate Note. Such a Floating Rate Note must be 
converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Floating Rate Note with a fixed rate equal 
to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the 
Floating Rate Note’s issue date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided

--- Page 422 ---
Taxation 
 
422 
for under the terms of the Floating Rate Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is 
reasonably expected for the Floating Rate Note. In the case of a Floating Rate Note that qualifies as a 
“variable rate debt instrument” and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or 
more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a 
qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Floating Rate Note provides for a qualified 
inverse floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating 
rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Floating Rate Note as of the 
Floating Rate Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical 
debt instrument that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather 
than the fixed rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified 
inverse floating rate, the Floating Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in 
the manner described above. 
Once the Floating Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument pursuant 
to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined for the 
“equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt 
instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Floating Rate Note will account for the OID and qualified stated interest 
as if the U.S. Holder held the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument. In each accrual period, appropriate 
adjustments will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued 
or paid with respect to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the event that these amounts differ 
from the actual amount of interest accrued or paid on the Floating Rate Note during the accrual period. 
If a Floating Rate Note does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the Floating Rate 
Note will be treated as a contingent payment debt obligation. See “Contingent payment debt instruments” 
below for a discussion of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of such Notes. 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to 
accrue OID (as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes unless it elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the 
interest is received). Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID 
on Short-Term Notes on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant-yield 
method (based on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing to include 
OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary 
income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis (unless an election is made to accrue the 
OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of sale or retirement. U.S. Holders who are not 
required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes will be required to defer deductions for 
interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount not exceeding the deferred income 
until the deferred income is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a 
Short-Term Note are included in the Short-Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. Holder 
may elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally issued to 
the U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This election shall apply to 
all obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the 
first taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Notes purchased at a premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or, for a 
Discount Note, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as “amortisable bond 
premium”, in which case, the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s income each year with 
respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond premium allocable 
(based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that year. Special rules may limit the amortisation of bond

--- Page 423 ---
Taxation 
 
423 
premium with respect to Notes subject to early redemption. Any election to amortise bond premium shall 
apply to all bonds (other than bonds the interest on which is excludable from gross income for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election 
applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. See 
also “Original issue discount — Election to treat all interest as original issue discount”.  
Contingent payment debt instruments 
Certain Series or Tranches of Notes may be treated as “contingent payment debt instruments” for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes (“Contingent Notes”). Under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, 
interest on Contingent Notes will be treated as OID, and must be accrued on a constant-yield basis based 
on a yield to maturity that reflects the rate at which the Issuer would issue a comparable fixed-rate non-
exchangeable instrument (the “comparable yield”), in accordance with a projected payment schedule. 
This projected payment schedule must include each non-contingent payment on the Contingent Notes and 
an estimated amount for each contingent payment, and must produce the comparable yield. 
The Issuer is required to provide to holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a schedule 
of the projected amounts of payments on Contingent Notes. This schedule must produce the comparable 
yield. The comparable yield and projected payment schedule will be available from the Issuer by submitting 
a written request for such information to Head of Investor Relations, Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the 
Netherlands or e-mail: ir@rabobank.com.  
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE WILL NOT BE 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF CONTINGENT NOTES FOR U.S. 
FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A PROJECTION OR 
REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THE HOLDERS OF THE 
NOTES. 
The use of the comparable yield and the calculation of the projected payment schedule will be based 
upon a number of assumptions and estimates and will not be a prediction, representation or guarantee of 
the actual amounts of interest that may be paid to a U.S. Holder or the actual yield of the Contingent Notes. 
A U.S. Holder generally will be bound by the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule 
determined by the Issuer, unless the U.S. Holder determines its own comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule and explicitly discloses such schedule to the IRS, and explains to the IRS the reason 
for preparing its own schedule. The Issuer’s determination, however, is not binding on the IRS, and it is 
possible that the IRS could conclude that some other comparable yield or projected payment schedule 
should be used instead. 
A U.S. Holder of a Contingent Note generally will be required to include OID in income pursuant to 
the rules discussed in the third paragraph under “Original issue discount — General” above, applied to the 
projected payment schedule. The “adjusted issue price” of a Contingent Note at the beginning of any 
accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual 
period, and decreased by the projected amount of any payments on the Note. No additional income will be 
recognised upon the receipt of payments of stated interest in amounts equal to the annual payments 
included in the projected payment schedule described above. Any differences between actual payments 
received by the U.S. Holder on the Notes in a taxable year and the projected amount of those payments 
will be accounted for as additional interest (in the case of a positive adjustment) or as an offset to interest 
income in respect of the Note (in the case of a negative adjustment), for the taxable year in which the 
actual payment is made. If the negative adjustment for any taxable year exceeds the amount of OID on 
the Contingent Note for that year, the excess will be treated as an ordinary loss, but only to the extent the 
U.S. Holder’s total OID inclusions on the Contingent Note exceed the total amount of any ordinary loss in 
respect of the Contingent Note claimed by the U.S. Holder under this rule in prior taxable years. Any 
negative adjustment that is not allowed as an ordinary loss for the taxable year is carried forward to the

--- Page 424 ---
Taxation 
 
424 
next taxable year, and is taken into account in determining whether the U.S. Holder has a net positive or 
negative adjustment for that year. However, any negative adjustment that is carried forward to a taxable 
year in which the Contingent Note is sold, exchanged or retired, to the extent not applied to OID accrued 
for such year, reduces the U.S. Holder’s amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement. 
Purchase, sale and retirement of Notes 
Notes other than Contingent Notes 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the 
difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis 
in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by the amount 
of any OID or market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the 
amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the 
U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are not 
qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce 
interest on the Note. The amount realised does not include the amount attributable to accrued but unpaid 
interest, which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not previously included in income. Except to 
the extent described above under “Original issue discount — Market discount” or “Original issue discount 
— Short-Term Notes” or attributable to changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss 
recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain 
or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period in the Notes exceeds one year. 
Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. 
source. 
Contingent Notes 
Gain from the sale or retirement of a Contingent Note will be treated as interest income taxable at 
ordinary income (rather than capital gains) rates. Any loss will be ordinary loss to the extent that the U.S. 
Holder’s total interest inclusions to the date of sale or retirement exceed the total net negative adjustments 
that the U.S. Holder took into account as ordinary loss, and any further loss will be capital loss. Gain or 
loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Contingent Note generally will be foreign 
source. 
A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Contingent Note generally will be equal to its cost, increased by the 
amount of interest previously accrued with respect to the Note (determined without regard to any positive 
or negative adjustments reflecting the difference between actual payments and projected payments), 
increased or decreased by the amount of any positive or negative adjustment that the Holder is required 
to make to account for the difference between the Holder’s purchase price for the Note and the adjusted 
issue price of the Note at the time of the purchase, and decreased by the amount of any projected 
payments scheduled to be made on the Note to the U.S. Holder through such date (without regard to the 
actual amount paid). 
Effect of Non-U.S. Taxes 
As a result of recent changes to the foreign tax credit rules, non-U.S. taxes (if any) imposed on the 
sale or retirement of the Notes by a U.S. Holder generally are unlikely to be treated as creditable taxes for 
the U.S. Holder. The application of the foreign tax credit rules to disposition gains of Contingent Notes is 
not clear. Non-U.S. taxes on disposition gains that are not creditable may possibly reduce the amount 
realised on the disposition of Notes or alternatively may be deductible. The application of these rules is 
very complex, and prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences if any non-U.S. taxes are imposed on disposition gains.

--- Page 425 ---
Taxation 
 
425 
Substitution of Issuer 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances (as described above under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes — Meeting of Noteholders, modifications and substitutions”), 
the obligations of Rabobank under the Notes may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption 
might be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder 
in exchange for new notes issued by the new obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder 
could be required to recognise capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the 
difference, if any, between the issue price of the new notes (as determined for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes) and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Notes deemed exchanged therefor. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of a change in 
obligor with respect to the Notes. 
Foreign currency notes 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the 
amount of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. Dollar value of the interest 
payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment 
is in fact converted into U.S. Dollars. 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an 
interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with 
either of two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average 
exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans 
two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within each taxable year). 
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued 
on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period 
within each taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business 
days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the 
accrued interest into U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such 
election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year 
to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the 
consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest 
upon the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, 
the accrual basis U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary 
income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. Dollars at the 
spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is 
in fact converted into U.S. Dollars. 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. Dollars in 
the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. Upon 
receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or a sale of 
the Note), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or 
loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on 
the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact 
converted into U.S. Dollars.

--- Page 426 ---
Taxation 
 
426 
Market discount 
Market discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, 
will be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income 
currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. Dollars at the average exchange rate for 
the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount 
attributable to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest 
or OID. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, 
upon the sale or retirement of the Note, the U.S. Dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot 
rate on that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond 
premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income (or OID) in units of the foreign 
currency. On the date bond premium offsets interest income (or OID), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. 
source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the amount offset multiplied by 
the difference between the spot rate in effect on the date of the offset, and the spot rate in effect on the 
date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium 
(other than acquisition premium) into account currently will recognise a market loss when the Note matures. 
Foreign Currency Contingent Notes 
Special rules apply to determine the accrual of OID, and the amount, timing, source and character 
of any gain or loss on a Contingent Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency (a “Foreign Currency Contingent Note”). The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Contingent 
Notes are complex, and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers concerning the application of 
these rules. 
Under these rules, a U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note generally will be required 
to accrue OID in the foreign currency in which the Foreign Currency Contingent Note is denominated (i) at 
a yield at which the Issuer would issue a fixed rate debt instrument denominated in the same foreign 
currency with terms and conditions similar to those of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note, and (ii) in 
accordance with a projected payment schedule determined by the Issuer, under rules similar to those 
described above under “Contingent payment debt instruments”. The amount of OID on a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note that accrues in any accrual period will be the product of the comparable yield of the 
Foreign Currency Contingent Note (adjusted to reflect the length of the accrual period) and the adjusted 
issue price of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note. The adjusted issue price of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note generally will be determined under the rules described above, and will be denominated in 
the foreign currency of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note. 
OID on a Foreign Currency Contingent Note will be translated into U.S. Dollars under translation 
rules similar to those described above under “Foreign currency notes — Interest”. Any positive adjustment 
(i.e. the excess of actual payments over projected payments) in respect of a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Note for a taxable year will be translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the taxable 
year in which the adjustment is taken into account or, if earlier, the date on which the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note is disposed of. The amount of any negative adjustment on a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Note (i.e. the excess of projected payments over actual payments) that is offset against accrued but unpaid 
OID will be translated into U.S. Dollars at the same rate at which the OID was accrued. To the extent a net 
negative adjustment exceeds the amount of accrued but unpaid OID, the negative adjustment will be 
treated as offsetting OID that has accrued and been paid on the Foreign Currency Contingent Note, and 
will be translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the date the Foreign Currency Contingent Note was 
issued. Any net negative adjustment carry forward will be carried forward in the relevant foreign currency.

--- Page 427 ---
Taxation 
 
427 
Sale or retirement 
Notes other than Foreign Currency Contingent Notes 
As discussed above under “Purchase, sale and retirement of Notes”, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the amount 
realised on the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note that is 
denominated in a foreign currency will be determined by reference to the U.S. Dollar cost of the Note. The 
U.S. Dollar cost of a Note purchased with foreign currency generally will be the U.S. Dollar value of the 
purchase price on the date of purchase or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, 
as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or 
an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the purchase. 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. Dollar 
value of this amount on the date of sale or retirement or, in the case of Notes traded on an established 
securities market, as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder 
(or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale. Such an election by 
an accrual basis U.S. Holder must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be revoked without 
the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or 
loss) on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. Dollar values of 
the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Note (as adjusted for amortised bond premium, if any) (i) on the 
date of sale or retirement and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Any such exchange 
rate gain or loss will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale or retirement 
(including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest). 
Foreign Currency Contingent Notes 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note, a U.S. Holder generally 
will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, 
exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Foreign Currency Contingent Note, both 
translated into U.S. Dollars as described below. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Note will equal (i) the cost thereof (translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the date of acquisition), 
(ii) increased by the amount of OID previously accrued on the Foreign Currency Contingent Note 
(disregarding any positive or negative adjustments and translated into U.S. Dollars using the exchange 
rate applicable to such OID) and (iii) decreased by the projected amount of all prior payments in respect 
of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note. The U.S. Dollar amount of the projected payments described in 
clause (iii) of the preceding sentence is determined by (i) first allocating the payments to the most recently 
accrued OID to which prior amounts have not already been allocated and translating those amounts into 
U.S. Dollars at the rate at which the OID was accrued and (ii) then allocating any remaining amount to 
principal and translating such amount into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the date the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note was acquired by the U.S. Holder. For this purpose, any accrued OID reduced by a 
negative adjustment carry forward will be treated as principal. 
The amount realised by a U.S. Holder upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note will equal the amount of cash and the fair market value (determined in foreign currency) 
of any property received. If a U.S. Holder holds a Foreign Currency Contingent Note until its scheduled 
maturity, the U.S. Dollar equivalent of the amount realised will be determined by separating such amount 
realised into principal and one or more OID components, based on the principal and OID comprising the 
U.S. Holder’s basis, with the amount realised allocated first to OID (and allocated to the most recently 
accrued amounts first) and any remaining amounts allocated to principal. The U.S. Dollar equivalent of the 
amount realised upon a sale, exchange or unscheduled retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note 
will be determined in a similar manner, but will first be allocated to principal and then any accrued OID

--- Page 428 ---
Taxation 
 
428 
(and will be allocated to the earliest accrued amounts first). Each component of the amount realised will 
be translated into U.S. Dollars using the exchange rate used with respect to the corresponding principal or 
accrued OID. The amount of any gain realised upon a sale, exchange or unscheduled retirement of a 
Foreign Currency Contingent Note will be equal to the excess of the amount realised over the holder’s tax 
basis, both expressed in foreign currency, and will be translated into U.S. Dollars using the spot rate on 
the payment date. Gain from the sale or retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note generally will 
be treated as interest income taxable at ordinary income (rather than capital gains) rates. Any loss will be 
ordinary loss to the extent that the U.S. Holder’s total OID inclusions to the date of sale or retirement 
exceed the total net negative adjustments that the U.S. Holder took into account as ordinary loss, and any 
further loss will be capital loss. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Foreign 
Currency Contingent Note generally will be foreign source. Prospective purchasers should consult their 
tax advisers as to the foreign tax credit implications of the sale or retirement of Foreign Currency 
Contingent Notes. 
A U.S. Holder will also recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income 
or loss) on the receipt of foreign currency in respect of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note if the exchange 
rate in effect on the date the payment is received differs from the rate applicable to the principal or accrued 
OID to which such payment relates. 
Effect of Non-U.S. Taxes 
See discussion above under “Purchase, sale and retirement of Notes”. 
Disposition of foreign currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a 
tax basis equal to its U.S. Dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign currency that 
is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency on the 
date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of foreign currency (including 
its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. Dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. 
Backup withholding and information reporting 
In general, payments of interest and accruals of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption or 
other disposition of, the Notes payable to a U.S. Holder by a U.S. or U.S.-connected paying agent or other 
U.S. or U.S.-connected intermediary will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required 
under applicable regulations. Backup withholding will apply to these payments, including payments of OID, 
if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt 
status or otherwise fails to comply with applicable certification requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not 
subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers about these rules and any 
other reporting obligations that may apply to the ownership or disposition of Notes, including requirements 
related to the holding of certain “specified foreign financial assets”. 
Reportable transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” will be required to disclose its 
participation to the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, a 
U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable 
transaction if the loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations 
(U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for 
other non-individual U.S. Holders), and to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A 
penalty not exceeding U.S.$10,000 in the case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in all other cases 
generally is imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect 
to a transaction resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective purchasers are 
urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules.

--- Page 429 ---
Taxation 
 
429 
Fungible issue 
Rabobank may, without the consent of the Noteholders, issue additional Notes with identical terms. 
These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series as the 
original Notes, in some cases may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In such a case, among other things, the additional Notes may be considered to have been issued with OID 
even if the original Notes had no OID, or the additional Notes may have a greater amount of OID than the 
original Notes. These differences may affect the market value of the original Notes if the additional Notes 
are not otherwise distinguishable from the original Notes. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial 
institution” (including an intermediary through which Notes are held) may be required to withhold at a rate 
of 30% on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands, Australia and New Zealand) have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Under certain 
proposed regulations, even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply to “foreign passthru 
payments” prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Taxpayers generally may rely on these 
proposed regulations until final regulations are issued. No such final regulations have been issued so far. 
Notes characterised as debt that have a fixed term and are not treated as equity for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes – Further Issues”, “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes – Further Issues” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Dated Subordinated Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA after 
the two-year period specified in the proposed regulations discussed above, then withholding agents may 
treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA.  
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 430 ---
ERISA Considerations 
 
430 
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The Notes are generally eligible for purchase by employee benefit plans subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and/or the prohibited transaction rules of section 4975 of the 
Code (collectively, the “Plans”) and by governmental or church plans or non-U.S. employee benefit plans 
that are subject to federal, state or local laws of the United States or non-U.S. laws that are substantially 
similar to such provisions of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Law”), subject to consideration 
of the issues described in this section.  
Section 406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets 
of a Plan and any fiduciary, service provider or other person having certain relationships to such Plan (each 
is referred to as a party in interest or disqualified person), unless a statutory or administrative exemption 
applies to the transaction. A party in interest or disqualified person, including a Plan fiduciary, who engages 
in a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities 
under ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. 
The Issuer, the Dealers or any other party to the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by any Final Terms may be parties in interest or disqualified persons with respect to many 
Plans from time to time. Prohibited transactions under ERISA or section 4975 of the Code may arise if any 
of the Notes are acquired or held by a Plan with respect to which the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Dealers 
or any other party to such transactions is a party in interest or a disqualified person. The Notes should not 
be acquired or held by any such Plan unless an exemption from such prohibited transaction rules applies, 
or by any governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to Similar Law unless the acquisition, holding and 
disposition of a Note will not result in any violation of Similar Law. 
Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and section 4975 of the 
Code may apply, depending in part on the Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire any Notes and the 
circumstances under which such decision is made. Included among these exemptions are section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to a transaction in which a Plan pays 
no more and receives no less than adequate consideration and involving a party in interest solely by reason 
of services provided to the Plan and neither it nor any of its affiliates is acting as a fiduciary with respect to 
assets involved in the transaction), Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 91-38 (relating to 
investments by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a 
qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 95-60 (relating to transactions involving insurance company 
general accounts), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts) 
and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by in-house asset managers). There are no 
assurances that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any 
particular transaction involving any Notes. 
Governmental plans (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject 
to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of section 406 of 
ERISA and section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to Similar Law. Fiduciaries of any such 
plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing the Notes to determine the need for, if necessary, 
and the availability of, any exceptive relief under any Similar Law. 
The U.S. Department of Labor has promulgated a regulation, 29 C.F.R. section 2510.3-101, as 
modified by section 3(42) of ERISA (the “Plan Asset Regulation”) describing what constitutes the assets 
of a Plan for purposes of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. Under the Plan Asset Regulation, if a Plan 
invests in an equity interest of an entity, the Plan’s assets include both the equity interest and an undivided 
interest in each of the entity’s underlying assets, unless the Issuer qualifies as an “operating company” or 
another exception described in the Plan Asset Regulation applies. An “operating company” is a company

--- Page 431 ---
ERISA Considerations 
 
431 
that is primarily engaged in the production or sale of a product or service (other than the investment of 
capital) directly or through one or more majority-owned subsidiaries. Further, a security which is in the form 
of debt may be considered an equity interest under the Plan Asset Regulation if it has substantial equity 
features. If any of the Notes have substantial equity features and the Issuer was deemed under the Plan 
Asset Regulation to hold plan assets by reason of a Plan’s investment in such Notes, the Issuer and an 
undivided interest in its underlying assets would be subject to the fiduciary standards of ERISA and the 
prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. While there is little pertinent authority 
in this area and no assurance can be given, the Issuer believes that the Notes should not be treated as 
equity interests for the purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation and the Issuer currently qualifies as an 
operating company. 
Each of the Issuer, the Dealers or any other party to the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by any Final Terms has its own interests in the offering and sale of Notes and 
related transactions, which differ from the interests of any Plan or other plan subject to Similar Law 
considering the acquisition or holding of Notes, and such interests generally are disclosed in this Base 
Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms and related documents. Each of the Issuer, the Dealers or other 
transaction parties, as well as their respective directors, officers, employees or agents are not authorised 
to, have not provided and do not undertake to provide any investment advice or to give advice in any 
fiduciary capacity to any Plan or any fiduciary, representative or agent thereof. Plans and their independent 
fiduciaries shall be deemed to represent and warrant that they are represented in the acquisition, holding 
and transfer or other disposition of Notes by such an independent fiduciary and such independent fiduciary 
has the qualifications and authority to act on behalf of such Plan. 
Each fiduciary who is responsible for making the investment decisions whether to purchase or 
commit to purchase and to hold any of the Notes with assets of any Plan or any governmental, church or 
non-U.S. plan should consult with its counsel to confirm that such investment will not result in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction and will satisfy the other applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code or Similar Law. 
Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Note will be deemed by such purchase or 
acquisition of any such Note to have represented and warranted, on each day from the date on which the 
purchaser or transferee acquires such Note through to and including the date on which the purchaser or 
transferee disposes of such Note, either that (a) it is not a Plan or an entity whose underlying assets include 
the assets of any such Plan for purposes of ERISA or the Code (each of the foregoing, a “Benefit Plan 
Investor”), or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to Similar Law, or (b)(i) its acquisition, 
holding and disposition of such Note will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction 
under section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, or a violation of any Similar Law, and (ii) if it is a 
Benefit Plan Investor, (A) it is represented by an independent fiduciary that has the authority to act on 
behalf of the Benefit Plan Investor as to the acquisition, holding and disposition of the Notes; (B) none of 
the Issuer, the Dealers or other transaction parties contemplated in this Base Prospectus or their respective 
officers, employees or agents has provided, and none of them will provide, investment advice and they are 
not giving any advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the purchaser or transferee’s acquisition 
or holding of the Notes and (C) has received and understands the disclosure of the existence and nature 
of the financial interests contained in this Base Prospectus and related materials. 
The sale of any Notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Dealers or any other party to the transactions that such an investment is appropriate and meets all 
relevant legal requirements for investment by Plans generally or any particular Plan, or any governmental, 
church or non-U.S. plan.

--- Page 432 ---
Transfer restrictions 
 
432 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS  
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes within the United States pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is (a) a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, (b) acquiring such 
Notes for its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer and (c) aware, 
and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, that the sale of such Notes to it 
is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance 
with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is 
a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for its own account or for the account of a qualified 
institutional buyer, (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each case, in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(3) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with applicable law, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO 
REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE. 
(4) 
Rabobank, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. If it is 
acquiring any Notes for the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, it represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full 
power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf 
of each such account. 
(5) 
It understands that the Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by one or 
more Restricted Global Certificates. Before any interest in a Restricted Global Certificate may 
be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form 
of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Certificate, it will be required to provide a Transfer

--- Page 433 ---
Transfer restrictions 
 
433 
Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to 
compliance with applicable securities laws. 
(6) 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus, or disclosure of any of its contents to any person other 
than such purchaser and those persons, if any, retained to advise such purchaser with 
respect thereto, is unauthorised, and any disclosure of any of its contents, without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as used in 
“Plan of Distribution”), by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to 
have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it 
is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of 
Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such 
an affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and that, prior to the expiration of the 40-day distribution compliance period, it will not 
offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, or in the case of Notes issued by 
Rabobank, in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a person that it and any 
person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for 
its own account or the account of a qualified institutional buyer in each case in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(3) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with applicable law, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES (TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) EXCEPT PURSUANT 
TO A REGISTRATION UNDER OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL BE REMOVED AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF 
40 DAYS FROM THE LATER OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE OFFERING OF THE 
NOTES AND THE CLOSING DATE OF SUCH OFFERING. 
(4) 
The Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
(5) 
It understands that the Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S may be represented by one 
or more Unrestricted Global Certificates. Prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance 
period, before any interest in an Unrestricted Global Certificate representing Notes issued by 
Rabobank may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate, it will be required to

--- Page 434 ---
Transfer restrictions 
 
434 
provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency 
Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws.

--- Page 435 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
435 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION  
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement 
dated 15 May 2023 (the “Dealer Agreement”) as further amended or supplemented at the Issue Date, 
between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers (as defined in the Dealer Agreement) and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right 
to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly 
and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection 
with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with 
the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Non-Exempt PR Notes on a syndicated basis 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers in respect of each issue of Notes against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of such Notes, including liability under the Securities Act, 
and to contribute for payments that such Dealers may be required to make in respect thereof. The Dealer 
Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to purchase Notes in certain 
circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling restrictions  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will, in the case of Exempt Notes 
only, be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, 
or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has 
in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”);

--- Page 436 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
436 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a 
“Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:

--- Page 437 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
437 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Australia  
This Base Prospectus has not and no prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia (the “Australian Corporations Act”)) in relation to the 
Programme or the Notes has been or will be or is required to be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (“ASIC”) or the ASX Limited (“ASX”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that, and unless the relevant Final Terms or supplement to this Base Prospectus otherwise provides, in 
connection with the primary distribution of the Notes, it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of the Notes in Australia (including an offer or 
invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless (i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least AUD 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternate currency, in either case disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) 
or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or 
Part 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act and complies with the terms of any authority granted under the 
Banking Act 1959 of Australia; (ii) the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” as 
defined for the purposes of section 761G and 761GA of the Australian Corporations Act; (iii) such action 
complied with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia; and (iv) such action does not 
require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX.  
Belgium  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold or otherwise 
made available and it that will not offer or sell or otherwise make available the Notes to consumers 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended, in Belgium.  
Canada  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or 
any province or territory thereof. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or 
distributed and will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the 
benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in compliance with applicable securities laws of any province 
or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has agreed that it will offer, sell or distribute the Notes only pursuant 
to an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus in the province or territory of Canada in which

--- Page 438 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
438 
such offer, sale or distribution is made. Each Dealer has also represented and agreed that it has not and 
will not distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material in connection with any 
offering of Notes, in Canada other than in compliance with applicable securities laws.  
The Republic of France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
Offers to the public in France non exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in France in the period 
beginning on the date of notification to the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) of the 
approval of the prospectus relating to those Notes by the competent authority of a member 
state of the European Economic Area , other than the AMF, and ending at the latest on the 
date which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus, all in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable French law and regulation; 
or 
(b) 
Offers addressed solely to qualified investors in France: 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France 
to, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to 
be distributed in France this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than (i) to “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption

--- Page 439 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
439 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which 
interest does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the “SCA”) 
may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through 
the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the 
provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). No such 
mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such securities to the first holders thereof, 
(ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or business, 
and (iii) the issue and trading of such securities if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and 
are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter.  
New Zealand  
This Base Prospectus has not been, and no disclosure document in relation to the Programme or 
the Notes has been or will be, lodged as a product disclosure statement under the New Zealand Financial 
Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the “FMC Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold and agrees it will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell or deliver the Notes in New 
Zealand in breach of the FMC Act. Without limitation, no person may (directly or indirectly) offer for 
subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy, or sell the Notes, or distribute this 
Base Prospectus or any other advertisement or offering material relating to the Notes in New Zealand other 
than to wholesale investors within the meaning of clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act, which includes 
a person who: 
(a) 
is an “investment business”; 
(b) 
is “large”; 
(c) 
is a “government agency”; or 
(d) 
meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act, 
provided (for the avoidance of doubt) that Notes may not be offered or sold to any person solely 
because that person is an “eligible investor” (as defined in clause 41 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act). 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time) (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:

--- Page 440 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
440 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Spain  
This Base Prospectus has not been registered in the administrative registries of the Spanish 
Securities Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the “CNMV”). Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes may not be offered, sold or re-sold in Spain except 
in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Spain within the meaning of article 
35 of the Restated Spanish Securities Market Act approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 
October 2015 (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido 
de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) and supplemental rules enacted thereunder, or pursuant to an 
exemption from registration set out in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended and restated, and any 
regulation issued thereunder. 
Switzerland  
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Notes. 
(a) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, 
as amended (the “FinSA”), and will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made available, 
in each case, in Switzerland; and  
(iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes (x) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood 
pursuant to the FinSA, or (y) has been or will be filed with or approved by a review body 
pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA.

--- Page 441 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
441 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in respect of any Tranche of Notes to be issued, the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers may agree that (x) such Notes may be publicly offered in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA and/or (y) an application will be made by (or on 
behalf) the Issuer to admit such Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that: 
(i) the Issuer (x) is able to rely, and is relying, on an exemption from the requirement to 
prepare and publish a prospectus under the FinSA in connection with such public offer 
and/or application for admission to trading, or (y) will prepare and distribute a 
prospectus in accordance with the FinSA, and will, in each case, comply with the 
applicable listing procedures and the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange; and 
(ii) in the case of any such public offer, the relevant Dealers (i) have agreed to offer and 
sell such Notes in accordance with the FinSA and to comply with any restrictions 
applicable to the offer and sale of such Notes that must be complied with in order for 
the Issuer to rely on the relevant exemption (if any), (ii) have agreed to comply with the 
applicable FinSA requirements regarding the application for admission to trading on a 
trading venue in Switzerland, and (iii) in the case of any such Notes to be listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, have agreed to comply with the applicable listing procedures of 
the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
(c) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that (i) no key information document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article 58(1) of the FinSA (or any equivalent document 
under the FinSA) has been or will be prepared in relation to any Notes and (ii) therefore any 
Notes with a derivative character within the meaning of the FinSA and article 86(2) of the 
Financial Services Ordinance of 6 November 2019, as amended, may not be offered or 
recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland, unless the 
Issuer has prepared a key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article 
58(1) of the FinSA (or any equivalent document under the FinSA).  
Taiwan 
Subject to the paragraph below, the offering of the Notes has not been and will not be registered or 
filed with, or approved by the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other applicable 
competent authorities pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations and the Notes may not be 
offered or sold within Taiwan through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within 
the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan that requires a registration or filing with or 
approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other competent authorities. No 
person or entity in Taiwan has been authorised to offer or sell the Notes within Taiwan. 
As to the Notes to be listed on the Taipei Exchange in Taiwan pursuant to the Taipei Exchange 
Rules Governing Management of Foreign Currency Denominated International Bonds, the above selling 
restriction is not applicable and the following selling restriction shall apply instead: the Notes have not 
been, and shall not be, offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to investors other than “professional 
institutional investors” as defined under Paragraph 2 of Article 4 of the Financial Consumer Protection Act 
of Taiwan as amended from time to time. Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the Notes except by transfer to a professional institutional investor as mentioned above.  
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the

--- Page 442 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
442 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(a) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will 
not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such 
Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, by the Fiscal Agent within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and only in accordance with Rule 903 of 
Regulation S or (in the case of Notes issued by Rabobank) Rule 144A. Each Dealer has further agreed 
that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes (other than a sale of Notes issued by Rabobank 
pursuant to Rule 144A) during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of an offering of Notes, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Notes) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with Rule 144A. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. The Dealer Agreement provides that, with respect to Restricted Notes only, the Dealers may 
directly or through their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale of Notes 
issued by Rabobank within the United States only to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes outside the United States and for the resale of the Notes in the United States. The Issuer and 
the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person, 
other than, with respect to Restricted Notes only, any qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of 
Rule 144A to whom an offer has been made directly by one of the Dealers or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States or by any qualified 
institutional buyer in the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, 
other than any qualified institutional buyer and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. 
person or qualified institutional buyer with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the 
prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the 
United States, other than any qualified institutional buyer and those persons, if any, retained to advise such 
non-U.S. person or qualified institutional buyer, is prohibited.

--- Page 443 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
443 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes that has not been registered under the Securities Act is hereby 
notified that the offer and sale of such Restricted Notes to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. Each purchaser of 
Restricted Notes pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to 
have represented and agreed that it is a qualified institutional buyer, that it is aware that the sale to it is 
being made in reliance on Rule 144A and that it is acquiring the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of a qualified institutional buyer. See “Transfer Restrictions”.

--- Page 444 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
444 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PR NOTES (OTHER THAN NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES)1 
FINAL TERMS 
 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
AUSTRALIA BRANCH 
(Australian Business Number 70 003 917 655) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
NEW ZEALAND BRANCH 
(New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
EUR 160,000,000,000 
Global Medium-Term Note Programme of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch 
Due from seven days to perpetuity 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[●] Notes [year of issue] due [●]2 (the “Notes”) 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Publicity Name(s) of Dealer/Manager(s)] 
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
 
1 Denominations must be at least €100,000 or equivalent in other currency and admitted to listing or trading on a Regulated Market. 
2 For Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate Notes, insert relevant month and year only, not the date within the month of 
maturity.

--- Page 445 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
445 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”]/[MiFID II]); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended form time to time, the “SFA”) and the 
 
3 Legend to be included only in the case where ‘Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors’ is marked ‘Applicable’.  
4    Legend may be removed where the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products.

--- Page 446 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
446 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are]/[are not] “prescribed capital markets products” 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]5 
 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 May 2023 [and the Supplemental 
Prospectus[es] dated [●]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, Rabobank at 
Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and the principal office of the Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.luxse.com. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] (the “Conditions”), which are incorporated 
by reference in the base prospectus dated 15 May 2023 [and the supplemental prospectus[es] dated [●]] 
([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be 
obtained from, Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and the principal office of 
the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.luxse.com.]6 
[THE NOTES REFERRED TO HEREIN THAT ARE REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL 
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE 
 
5 For any Notes to be offered to investors in Singapore, the Issuer should consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.  
6 This alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under an offering 
circular/base prospectus with an earlier date.

--- Page 447 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
447 
AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT FOR RESALES OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL CERTIFICATE]7 
[Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived 
from any Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying 
debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the "ITA"), 
shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations 
through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, 
prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax 
(including for the reasons described above) shall include such interest, discount income, prepayment fee, 
redemption premium or break cost in a return of income made under the ITA.]8 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant 
footnotes. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[Consider whether a drawdown prospectus is necessary in order to issue fungible Notes where the 
first Tranche was issued pursuant to a previous Base Prospectus/Offering Circular. This could arise in 
circumstances where, for example, the Final Terms for the original tranche included information which is 
no longer permitted to be included in Final Terms under the Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to guidance 
issued by ESMA.] 
1
Issuer: 
[Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.9 
 
 
Coöperatieve 
Rabobank 
U.A. 
Australia 
Branch 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand 
Branch] 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[(insert description of the Series)] (the 
“Existing Notes”) on [(insert date)/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [27] below 
 
7 Paragraph to be included only in the case of a Tranche of Notes which are Senior Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to Rule 
144A.  
8 Include if the Notes are intended to qualify as "qualifying debt securities" ("QDS") for the purposes of the Income Tax Act 1947 
of Singapore.  
9 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Senior Preferred Notes in NGN form, Senior Preferred Notes denominated in 
Sterling, Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 448 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
448 
[which is expected to occur on or about 
[(insert date)]]]. 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate nominal amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount  
[plus accrued interest in respect of the period 
from, and including, [(insert date)/the Interest 
Commencement Date] to, but excluding, 
[(insert 
date)/the 
Issue 
Date] 
(if applicable)] 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations:10 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof, up to and including [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[As specified in Condition 1][[●] (specify if 
other than the Issue Date)]/[Not Applicable] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date (or indicate if Notes are 
perpetual) or (for Floating Rate Notes) [The 
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [●]] (insert the relevant month and 
year) 
 
 
(N.B. it will be necessary to use the 
alternative text for Renminbi denominated 
Fixed Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification) 
9
Interest Basis:11 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and 
every [●] anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate 
Reset]12 
 
 
[[(specify applicable rate)] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
10 Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000]”. Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 or equivalent should use “Form 
of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes”. 
11 Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes may only be issued on a Fixed Rate, 
Fixed Rate Reset or Floating Rate basis. Senior Preferred Notes may not be issued on a Fixed Rate Reset basis. 
12 Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes only.

--- Page 449 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
449 
 
 
[CMS Linked] 
 
 
[Variable Rate] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but 
excluding) [date], paragraph [15/16] applies 
and for the period from (and including) [date], 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [15/16] applies]  
[Variable Rate Note 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 22 
below)]13 
[Not Applicable] 
11
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100.00 per cent. of 
their nominal amount 
12
Alternative Currency Equivalent:14 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent:15 
[●] 
 
(iii) Alternative Currency Calculation Agent:16 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[●] Business Days 
13
Put/Call Options/Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Put Option]17 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Automatic Early Redemption]18 
 
 
[Further particulars specified below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
14
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Preferred 
– 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
shall apply/Senior Preferred MREL – the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes shall apply/Non-
Preferred Senior – the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and 
 
13 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
14 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
15 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Adjudication Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
16 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Calculation Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
17 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
18 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 450 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
450 
Non-Preferred 
Senior 
Notes 
shall 
apply/Dated Subordinated – the Terms and 
Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
shall apply] 
 
(ii) 
Domestic Note (if Domestic Note, there will 
be no gross-up for withholding tax):19 
[No/Yes][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Date of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the 
Maturity Date] 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 10(h) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Condition 7(i) of the Senior 
Preferred 
MREL 
Notes, 
Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes 
will apply if an Interest Payment Date falls on 
a non-business day) 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, 
the Interest Payment Date will be the next 
 
19 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 451 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
451 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means 
a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payment 
and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and currency 
deposits) in Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount [except in 
respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
 
 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 
[15(v)]) 
 
(vii) [Business Day Convention:] 
[Applicable — Modified Following Business 
Day Convention] (Only applicable where

--- Page 452 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
452 
Notes 
are 
denominated 
in 
Renminbi, 
otherwise delete this item) 
16
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions20 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]] [until and excluding [●]] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert 
final Interest Payment Date)]] 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 10(h) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Condition 7(i) of the Senior 
Preferred 
MREL 
Notes, 
Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or Dated Subordinated Notes 
(as applicable) will apply if an Interest 
Payment Date falls on a non-business day) 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes denominated in Renminbi where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, 
the Interest Payment Date will be the next 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means 
a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payment 
and are open for general business (including 
 
20 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes.

--- Page 453 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
453 
dealing in foreign exchange and currency 
deposits) in Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Anniversary Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Reset Determination Time: 
[[As per Conditions]/[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Reset Rate: 
[[Semi-annual][Annualised]Mid-Swap Rate]/ 
[Reference 
Bond 
Rate]/[Screen 
Page 
Reference Bond Rate][[(include if other than 
three months) [•]-month] Term SOFR Rate] 
 
(ix) Reference Bond:  
[[Insert relevant Reference Bond]/As per the 
Conditions]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Swap Rate Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Screen Page: 
[ICESWAP1]/[ICESWAP2]/[ICESWAP3]/ 
[ICESWAP4]/[ICESWAP5]/[ICESWAP6][OT
C SGD OIS]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Fixed Leg: 
[[Semi-annual]/[Annual] calculated on a[n 
Actual/365]/[30/360]/[●] 
day 
count 
basis]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Floating Leg: 
[EURIBOR]/[CNH 
HIBOR]/[SORA] 
rate 
calculated on an [Actual/365]/[Actual/360]/[●] 
day count basis]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Margin(s): 
[+/–] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes denominated in Renminbi where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
 
 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(xvi) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling);

--- Page 454 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
454 
NL/365; Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond 
Basis; 30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 
(ISDA); Actual/Actual-ICMA, RBA Bond 
Basis / Australian Bond Basis] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(xviii) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 13(v)) 
 
(xix) Party responsible for calculating the Rates of 
Interest and Interest Amounts: 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
17
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including [(insert final interest payment 
date)], subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including [(insert final interest payment 
date)], subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert

--- Page 455 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
455 
final interest payment date)]] [See Linear 
Interpolation below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
interest 
determination) 
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/Bank 
Bill 
Rate 
Determination/(Insert details if interest will be 
determined in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) of the Senior Preferred Notes or 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
and Dated Subordinated Notes) 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
 
(vii) Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/Condition [●] shall apply] 
(Specify the Condition which sets out the 
applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s)) 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(ix) Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes or Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) – (H) of the 
Senior 
Preferred 
MREL 
Notes, 
Non-
Preferred 
Senior 
Notes 
and 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to the first 
day in each [Interest Accrual Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the 
relevant Interest Period)]]

--- Page 456 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
456 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period (being 
no less than 5 London Banking Days, 
TARGET Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination (Condition 5(b)(iii)(A) of 
the Senior Preferred Notes and Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Dated Subordinated Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-
SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded Index / 
HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days

--- Page 457 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
457 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xvi) Gearing Factor: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(xvii) Previous Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/The 
Previous 
Coupon shall be calculated by reference to 
the Interest Period commencing on [●]]

--- Page 458 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
458 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest 
Period 
commencing on the Interest Commencement 
Date, the Previous Coupon is [●] per cent.] 
18
Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions21 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including [(insert final interest payment 
date)], subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including [(insert final interest payment 
date)], subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert 
final interest payment date)]] [See Linear 
Interpolation below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
 
21 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 459 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
459 
 
(vi) Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[INV(1)][INV(2)][INV(3)][INV(4)][INV(5)][INV(
6)] [INV(7)][INV(8)] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(viii) Inverse Rate: 
The mathematical [difference between][sum 
of]] (specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to the first 
day in [each Interest Accrual Period]/[each 
Interest Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect 
of 
the 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day falling the Relevant Number 
of Index Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the 
relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions]

--- Page 460 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
460 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(b) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-
SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded Index / 
HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●]  
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]]

--- Page 461 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
461 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(x) Margin, Margin1, Margin2 and/or Margin3: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xiv) Gearing Factor: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv)  Previous Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/The 
Previous 
Coupon shall be calculated by reference to 
the Interest Period commencing on [●]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest 
Period 
commencing on the Interest Commencement 
Date, the Previous Coupon is [●] per cent.]  
19
Range Accrual Note Provisions22 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
 
22 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 462 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
462 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the 
Maturity Date] [See Linear Interpolation 
below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
 
(vi) Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[RAN(1)][RAN(2)][RAN(3)][RAN(4)][RAN(5)] 
 
(vii) Range Accrual Condition1, Range Accrual 
Condition2 and/or Range Accrual Condition3: 
[●] [Specify applicable Range Accrual 
Condition from Condition 5(d)] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(ix) Applicable Rate(s): 
[(Specify absolute value (If applicable))] [The 
mathematical [difference between][sum of]] 
(specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Specified Interest Payment Date]/[The day

--- Page 463 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
463 
that is the [fourth] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant 
Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(b) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-
SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded Index / 
HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 464 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
464 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(x) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xi) Accrual Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Fixing Day: 
[As per Conditions]/[●]

--- Page 465 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
465 
 
(xiv) Rate Cut-off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xv) Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●] 
 
(xviii) Minimum Rate of Interest1: 
[●]  
 
(xix) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xx)  Maximum Rate of Interest1: 
[●]  
 
(xxi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xxii) Business Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[The Business Centre 
shall be [●]] 
 
(xxiii) [[FX Rate(s): 
[●]]23 
 
(xxiv) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xxv) Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xxvi) FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(xxvii) FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
(xxviii) Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
 
(xxix) Valuation Time: 
[●]] 
20
Zero Coupon Note Provisions24 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(b)): 
[●] per cent. per annum, compounded 
[quarterly]/[semi-annually]/[annually] 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
21
CMS Linked Note Provisions25 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
 
23 Delete provisions (xxiii) – (xxix) if Accrual Rate is not an FX Rate  
24 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
25 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 466 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
466 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable  
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the 
Maturity Date] [See Linear Interpolation 
below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] 
 
(vi) Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[CMS(1)][CMS(2)][CMS(3)][CMS(4)] 
[CMS(5)][CMS(6)][CMS(7)][CMS(8)] 
[CMS(9)][CMS(10)][CMS(11)][CMS(12)] 
[CMS(13)][CMS(14)][CMS(15)][CMS(16)] 
[CMS(17)][CMS(18)][CMS(19)][CMSRA(1)] 
[CMSRA(2)][CMSRA(3)][CMSRA(4)] 
[CMSRA(5)] (If applicable, specify which 
formula is applicable in respect of different 
Interest Periods) 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(viii) CMS Rate: 
(Repeat sub-paragraph (i) to (iii) below for 
each of CMS Rate1, CMS Rate2 or CMS 
Rate3 where they apply. If the CMS Rate is 
The mathematical [difference between][sum 
of]] (specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with

--- Page 467 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
467 
determined by reference to another CMS 
formula, replicate such of the details below 
necessary to calculate such formula.)  
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below:  
 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Specified Interest Payment Date]/[The day 
that is the [fourth] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant 
Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(b) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 468 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
468 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-
SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded Index / 
HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift

--- Page 469 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
469 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) Accrual Range: 
[●] 
(xi) Accrual Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Fixing Day: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xiv) Rate Cut-off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xv) Gearing Factor, Gearing Factor1, Gearing 
Factor2, Gearing Factor3, Gearing Factor4 
and/or Gearing Factor5: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Margin, Margin1, Margin2 and/or Margin3: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xviii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest1 
and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest2: 
[●]  
 
(xix) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xx) Maximum Rate of Interest1 and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest2: 
[●]  
 
(xxi) Power: 
[●] 
 
(xxii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xxiii) 
[FX Rate(s): 
[●]]26 
 
(xxiv) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xxv) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xxvi) 
FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(xxvii) 
FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
(xxviii) Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
 
(xxix) 
Valuation Time: 
[●]]27 
22
Variable Rate Note Provisions28 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
26 Delete provisions (xxiii) – (xxix) if FX Rate is not applicable 
27 FX Rate provisions to be included where the Accrual Rate is calculated based upon one or more FX Rates  
28 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 470 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
470 
 
(i) 
Variation Notice: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[Minimum notice period if other than 5 
Business Days: 
[●]] (Delete if not applicable) 
 
(ii) 
Variation Date[s]: 
[●]  
 
(iii) Initial Rate of Interest: 
The [Fixed Interest Rate][Floating Interest 
Rate][Inverse Floating Interest Rate][Range 
Accrual Interest Rate][Zero Coupon Interest 
Rate][CMS Linked Interest Rate] specified 
below: 
(Replicate details in paragraph 16, 17, 18, 
19, 20 or 21, as applicable.) 
 
(iv) Varied Rate[s] of Interest: 
The [Fixed Interest Rate][Floating Interest 
Rate][Inverse Floating Interest Rate][Range 
Accrual Interest Rate][Zero Coupon Interest 
Rate][CMS Linked Interest Rate] specified 
below: 
(Replicate details in paragraphs 16, 17, 18, 
19, 20 or 21, as applicable, specifying which 
Variation Date to which the Varied Rate of 
Interest relates.) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]/[Any calendar day from and including [●] 
to [but excluding / and including] [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
[6(d)(iii)]/[6(b)] shall apply] [[●] (insert other 
provisions)] 
– 
[Reference Rate:] 
[●]29 
– 
[Strike Rate:] 
[●] 
– 
[X:] 
[●] 
– 
[Observation Date:] 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
Senior 
Preferred 
MREL 
Notes, 
Non-
Preferred 
Senior 
Notes 
and 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes: 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
 
 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
[6(c)]/[6(e)] shall apply] [[●] (insert other 
provisions)] 
(iii) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
29 Delete Reference Rate, Strike Rate, X and Observation Date if not applicable

--- Page 471 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
471 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[The Issuer shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes [not less than 10 nor more 
than 60 days/[●]] prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date] 
24
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Relevant Threshold Percentage: 
 [As per Conditions]30 / [[●] per cent.]  
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[The Issuer shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes [not less than 10 nor more 
than 60 days/[●]] prior to the date set for 
redemption] 
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply31]/[[●] (insert other provisions)] 
25
Put Option32 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply] [[●] (insert other provisions)] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[The holder shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date]  
26
Automatic Early Redemption33 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Maximum Interest Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[Condition [6(b)(iii)] shall apply]/[The notice 
period referred to in Condition 6(b)(iii) shall 
be [●] [days/Business Days]] 
27
Regulatory Call34 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
30 This is the default position of the Issuer.   
31 May only be applicable to Senior Preferred Notes.  
32 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
33 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
34 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes.

--- Page 472 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
472 
28
MREL Disqualification Event Call35 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
29
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable per 
Calculation Amount on redemption:36  
[Senior Preferred Notes:  
(a) on the occurrence of an event of default 
(Condition 13); or (b) for illegality (Condition 6(f)); 
or (c) for taxation reasons (Condition 6(c)):]  
[Senior Preferred MREL Notes:  
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(d)); or (c) for a MREL 
Disqualification Event (Condition 6(e)):] 
[Non-Preferred Senior Notes:  
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(d)); or (c) for a MREL 
Disqualification Event (Condition 6(e)):] 
[Dated Subordinated Notes: 
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(d)); or (c) for a Regulatory Call 
(Condition 6(e)):] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/As set out in the 
Conditions] 
30
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
31
Substitution and Variation37 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
32
Alignment Event38 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
33
Form of Notes 
[Bearer 
Notes/[Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes]39/Registered Notes]  
 
 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note not earlier than 40 
days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Tranche of which such Note is a part 
nor later than 40 days prior to the first 
anniversary of the Issue Date [(i.e. [●])] which 
is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in 
the 
permanent Global Note] 
 
35 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
36 Delete the relevant sub-paragraph within this paragraph if not applicable.   
37 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
38 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
39 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 473 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
473 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the 
Tranche of which such Note is a part nor later 
than 40 days prior to the first anniversary of 
the Issue Date (i.e. [●])]40 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]11 
 
 
[Restricted Global Certificate exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the restricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Rule 144A)]41 
 
 
[Unrestricted] Global Certificate [registered in 
the name of [a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg] [a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(that is, held under the NSS)] exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the unrestricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Regulation S)] 
 
 
[AMTN Global Certificate [registered in the 
name of Austraclear] that is held by the 
Australian Fiscal Agent.] 
34
New Global Notes:42 
[Yes/No] 
35
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 10(h) of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Condition 7(i) of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes): 
Not Applicable / [Condition 10(h)(i)[(A)/(B)] of 
the Senior Preferred Notes] or [Condition 
7(i)(i)[(A)/(B)] of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Dated Subordinated Notes] applies. [Note 
that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which sub-paragraphs 16(iv), 17(iv), 
18(iv) and 20(iv) relate] 
 
 
 
 
40 The exchange at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000].” Furthermore such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note/Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Notes, other 
than in the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global Note/Certificate. 
41 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted Global Certificate. 
42 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form or in the form of Registered Notes to be held under the NSS.

--- Page 474 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
474 
36
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary].  
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof,[[administrator 
legal name], as administrator of [specify 
benchmark][repeat as necessary] [is / are] 
not required to be registered by virtue of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that 
[insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] 
not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]/[Not Applicable]  
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue 
of Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note Programme 
of Rabobank.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Information on the underlying has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
[SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE STATEMENT (N.B. only to be included in 
case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
[Save as disclosed in [refer to any relevant disclosure],] There has been no significant change in 
the financial position and financial performance of the Issuer or of Rabobank Group and there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or Rabobank Group since [insert date of latest 
annual or interim financial statements].] 
[REPRESENTATIVE (N.B. Only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has 
appointed [●], located at [●], as recognised representative to lodge the listing application for the Notes with 
SIX Exchange Regulation AG.]

--- Page 475 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
475 
[RESPONSIBILITY (N.B. only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 476 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
476 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Amsterdam/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [●] with effect from 
[●]/No application for admission to trading 
has been made].43  
[Application for definitive listing on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange will be made as soon as 
practicable thereafter and (if granted) will 
only be granted after the Issue Date. The 
last day of trading on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange will be [date]/[the second SIX 
Exchange Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date. “SIX Exchange Business 
Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the SIX Swiss Exchange 
is open for general business].]44 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(iv) In the case of Notes listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Amsterdam Listing Agent: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
(b) 
Amsterdam Paying Agent: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
2 Ratings 
 
Rating: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been][/][are
expected to be] rated:] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating. A brief explanation of the 
rating(s) assigned by each rating agency 
should be given] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch Australia: [●]] [Credit ratings are for 
distribution only to a person in Australia (a) 
 
43 Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading. 
44 Where the Notes are to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the expected last day of trading must be indicated.

--- Page 477 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
477 
who is not a ‘retail client’ within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act 
2001 (Cth) of Australia (the “Australian 
Corporations 
Act”) 
and 
is 
also 
a 
sophisticated investor, professional investor 
or other investor in respect of whom 
disclosure is not required under Parts 6D.2 
or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; (b) 
and who is otherwise permitted to receive 
credit ratings in accordance with applicable 
law in any jurisdiction in which the person 
may be located. Anyone in Australia who is 
not such a person is not entitled to receive 
these Final Terms or the Base Prospectus 
and anyone who receives these Final Terms 
or the Base Prospectus must not distribute 
them to any person in Australia who is not 
entitled to receive them.]  
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other: [●]] 
 
 
(the above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)  
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, 
as applicable: 
 
 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU 
and (ii) registered under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, 
(ii) not registered under the CRA 
Regulation; but (iii) has applied for 
registration: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EU and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
although notification of the registration 
decision has not yet been provided. 
 
 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the 
EU; and (ii) 
has 
not applied for

--- Page 478 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
478 
registration is not registered under the 
CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EU and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/ 2009. 
 
 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the 
EU but the relevant rating is endorsed by 
a 
CRA 
which 
is 
established 
and 
registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the 
EU and the relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the CRA Regulation, but 
the CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 6: CRA is neither established in 
the EU nor certified under the CRA 
Regulation and the relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EU and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
3 Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the offer 
[(Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement:)] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] and 
[their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or

--- Page 479 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
479 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4 Reasons for the offer and estimated net proceeds: 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in 
Base Prospectus]/[specify green bond 
use of proceeds]/[●]  
(If reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain 
risks will need to include those 
reasons here.)] 
[In case of green bonds, an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds will be 
used to finance and/or refinance, in 
part or in whole, the Eligible Green 
Assets and further specify herein the 
prescribed Eligibility Criteria of the 
Eligible Green Assets and the 
envisaged impact of such finance or 
refinance, to the extent not already 
disclosed.] 
(Delete if information on the envisaged 
impact is unavailable)  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 Yield (Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It 
is NOT an indication of future yield. 
6 [Historic interest rates (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Details of the past and further performance of [LIBID/LIMEAN/GBP-ISDA-Swap 
Rate/EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SOFR/EONIA/STIBOR/CNH HIBOR/EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap 
Rate/JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate/USD-ISDA-Swap Rate/other] can be obtained from [●] [free of 
charge/for a fee].] 
7 Operational information 
 
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:45 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” 
simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs46 as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][(include 
this 
text 
for 
registered 
notes)] 
and 
does 
not 
 
45 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form. 
46 The International Central Securities Depositories (i.e. Euroclear SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.).

--- Page 480 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
480 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day 
credit 
operations 
by 
the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified 
as “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][(include 
this 
text 
for 
registered notes)]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series 
insert:) 
[Pending 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●] 
Following 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●]] 
(iii) Common Code: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series 
insert:) 
[Pending 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●] 
Following 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●]] 
(iv) German WKN-code: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(v) Private Placement number: 
[●]/Not Applicable

--- Page 481 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
481 
(vi) CUSIP Number:47 
[●] 
(vii) [CFI:48 
[●]] 
(viii) [FISN:49 
[●]] 
(ix) Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and 
number(s))] 
(x) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(xi) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying/Delivery Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
(xii) Names (and addresses) of Calculation Agent(s):50 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom]/[●] 
8 Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/(give names)] 
(iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●](give names)] 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give names)] 
 
 
[If the sole Dealer in respect of Notes 
issued by Rabobank is Rabobank (in 
its capacity as Dealer), such Dealer will 
not subscribe for the Notes, but will act 
as agent for the placement of Notes. 
Such Notes will be deemed to be 
issued at the time when the Notes are 
transferred from the Dealer to the 
subscriber and the Dealer receives 
funds from the subscriber on behalf of 
Rabobank] 
(v) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C /TEFRA D /Not Applicable] 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
the 
Notes 
do 
not 
constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no 
KID will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
 
 
47 Applicable to Restricted Global Certificates. Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted 
Global Certificate.  
48 Applicable only to listed Notes.   
49 Applicable only to listed Notes.   
50 Separate Calculation Agency Agreement needed if the Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates or Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch.

--- Page 482 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
482 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – EXEMPT NOTES1 
FINAL TERMS 
 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
AUSTRALIA BRANCH 
(Australian Business Number 70 003 917 655) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
NEW ZEALAND BRANCH 
(New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
EUR 160,000,000,000 
Global Medium-Term Note Programme of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch 
Due from seven days to perpetuity 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[●] Notes [year of issue] due [●]2 (the “Notes”) 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Publicity Name(s) of Dealer/Manager(s)] 
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
 
1 Denominations must be at least €100,000 or equivalent in other currency and no admittance to listing or trading on a Regulated 
Market.  
2 For Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate Notes, insert relevant month and year only, not the date within the month of 
maturity.

--- Page 483 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
483 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”]/[MiFID II]); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
 
 
3 Legend to be included only in the case where ‘Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors’ is marked ‘Applicable’.  
4  Legend may be removed where the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products.

--- Page 484 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
484 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended form time to time, the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are]/[are not] “prescribed capital markets products” 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]5 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 May 2023 [and the Supplemental 
Prospectus[es] dated [●]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus to obtain all the 
relevant information. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [(collectively, the “Documentation”)]6. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing 
at, and copies may be obtained from, Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and 
the principal office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.luxse.com.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] (the “Conditions”), which are incorporated 
by reference in the base prospectus dated 15 May 2023 [and the supplemental prospectus[es] dated [●]] 
([together,] the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus to obtain all the relevant information. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the 
Conditions [(collectively, the “Documentation”)] 7. The Notes will be issued on the terms of these Final 
Terms read together with the Base Prospectus and the Conditions. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at, and copies may be obtained from Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the 
Netherlands and the principal office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.luxse.com.]8 
[THE NOTES REFERRED TO HEREIN THAT ARE REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL 
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE 
 
5 For any Notes to be offered to investors in Singapore, the Issuer should consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.  
6 To be included in the case of Notes listed on the Taipei Exchange.  
7 To be included in the case of Notes listed on the Taipei Exchange.  
8 This alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under an offering 
circular/base prospectus with an earlier date.

--- Page 485 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
485 
AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT FOR RESALES OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL CERTIFICATE]9 
[Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived 
from any Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying 
debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the “ITA”), 
shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations 
through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, 
prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax 
(including for the reasons described above) shall include such interest, discount income, prepayment fee, 
redemption premium or break cost in a return of income made under the ITA.]10 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant 
footnotes. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1
Issuer: 
[Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.11 
 
 
Coöperatieve 
Rabobank 
U.A. 
Australia 
Branch 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand 
Branch] 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[(insert description of the Series)] (the 
“Existing Notes”) on [(insert date)/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [36] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [(insert date)]]]. 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate nominal amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
9 Paragraph to be included only in the case of a Tranche of Notes issued pursuant to Rule 144A.  
10 Include if the Notes are intended to qualify as "qualifying debt securities" ("QDS") for the purposes of the Income Tax Act 1947 
of Singapore.  
11 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Senior Preferred Notes in NGN form, Senior Preferred Notes denominated in 
Sterling, Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 486 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
486 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
[plus accrued interest in respect of the period 
from, and including, [(insert date)/the Interest 
Commencement Date] to, but excluding, 
[(insert 
date)/the 
Issue 
Date] 
(if applicable)] 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations:12 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof, up to and including [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7
(iii) Issue Date: 
[●] 
(iv) Interest Commencement Date: 
[As specified in Condition 1][[●] (specify if 
other than the Issue Date)]/[Not Applicable] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date (or indicate if Notes are 
perpetual) or (for Floating Rate Notes) [The 
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [●]] (insert the relevant month and 
year) 
 
 
(N.B. it will be necessary to use the alternative 
text for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
9
Interest Basis:13 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and 
every [●] anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate 
Reset]14 
 
 
[[(specify applicable rate)] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CMS Linked] 
 
 
[Variable Rate] 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
 
 
[FX Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
12 Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000]”. Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 or equivalent should use “Form 
of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes”. 
13 Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes may only be issued on a Fixed Rate, 
Fixed Rate Reset or Floating Rate basis. Senior Preferred Notes may not be issued on a Fixed Rate Reset basis.  
14 Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes Only.

--- Page 487 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
487 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [●] per cent. of their 
nominal amount /The Final Redemption 
Amount shall be determined as provided 
below] 
 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[FX Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Interest Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Dual Currency] 
 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
 
 
[Protection Amount] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
 
[The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined as provided below.] 
11
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but 
excluding) [date] paragraph [15/16] applies 
and for the period from (and including) [date], 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [15/16] applies]  
[Variable Rate Note 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 22 
below)]15 
[Not Applicable] 
12
Alternative Currency Equivalent:16 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent:17 
[●] 
 
(iii) Alternative Currency Calculation Agent:18 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[●] Business Days  
13
Put/Call Options/Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Put Option]19 
 
15 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
16 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
17 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Adjudication Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
18 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Calculation Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
19 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 488 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
488 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Automatic Early Redemption]20 
 
 
[Further particulars specified below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
14
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred – the Terms and Conditions 
of 
the 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
shall 
apply/Senior Preferred MREL – the Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes shall apply/Non-Preferred Senior – the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
shall apply/Dated Subordinated – the Terms 
and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated 
Notes shall apply] 
 
(ii) 
Domestic Note (if Domestic Note, there will 
be no gross-up for withholding tax):21 
[No/Yes] 
 
(iii) Date of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
 
20 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
21 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 489 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
489 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 10(h) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Condition 7(i) of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes will 
apply if an Interest Payment Date falls on a 
non-business day) 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be the next 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payment and are 
open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and currency deposits) in 
Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount [except in respect 
of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] Coupon]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those

--- Page 490 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
490 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 
[15(v)]) 
 
(vii) [Business Day Convention:] 
[Applicable — Modified Following Business 
Day Convention] (Only applicable where 
Notes 
are 
denominated 
in 
Renminbi, 
otherwise delete this item) 
 
(viii) Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable/(give details)] 
16
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions22 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]] [until and excluding [●]] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert final 
Interest Payment Date)]] 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 7(i) will apply if an Interest 
Payment Date falls on a non-business day) 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes denominated in Renminbi where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be the next 
 
22 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes.

--- Page 491 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
491 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payment and are 
open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and currency deposits) in 
Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Anniversary Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Reset Determination Time: 
[[As per Conditions]/[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Reset Rate: 
[[Semi-annual][Annualised]Mid-Swap Rate]/ 
[Reference 
Bond 
Rate]/[Screen 
Page 
Reference Bond Rate][[(include if other than 
three months) [•]-month] Term SOFR Rate] 
 
(ix) Reference Bond:  
[[Insert relevant Reference Bond]/As per the 
Conditions]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Swap Rate Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Screen Page: 
[ICESWAP1]/[ICESWAP2]/[ICESWAP3]/ 
[ICESWAP4]/[ICESWAP5]/[ICESWAP6]/ 
[OTC SGD OIS]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Fixed Leg: 
[[Semi-annual]/[Annual] calculated on a[n 
Actual/365]/[30/360]/[●] day count basis]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Floating Leg: 
[ [EURIBOR]/[CNH HIBOR]/[SORA] rate 
calculated on an[Actual/365]/[Actual/360]/[●] 
day count basis]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Margin(s): 
[+/–] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes denominated in Renminbi where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
 
 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount

--- Page 492 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
492 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(xvi) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
NL/365; Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond 
Basis; 30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 
(ISDA); Actual/Actual-ICMA, RBA Bond Basis 
/ Australian Bond Basis] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(xviii) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 13(v)) 
 
(xix) Party responsible for calculating the Rates 
of Interest and Interest Amounts: 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
17
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business

--- Page 493 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
493 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] [See Linear Interpolation below.] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
interest 
determination) 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/Bank 
Bill 
Rate 
Determination/(Insert details if interest will be 
determined in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) of the Senior Preferred Notes or 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
and Dated Subordinated Notes or include 
details of any other formula, in each case to 
be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s))] 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(vii) Applicable 
formula 
to 
be 
used 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Condition [●] shall apply]/[●] 
(Specify the Condition which sets out the 
applicable formula, or include details of any 
other formula, in each case to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s)) 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) – (H) of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-
Preferred 
Senior 
Notes 
and 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to the first

--- Page 494 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
494 
day in each [Interest Accrual Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant 
Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable Interest 
Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET Settlement 
Days or U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(x) ISDA Determination (Condition 5(b)(iii)(A) 
of the Senior Preferred Notes and 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
and Dated Subordinated Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-
SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded Index / 
HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index]  
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 495 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
495 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions (if different from 
those set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]

--- Page 496 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
496 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xv) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xvi) Gearing Factor:23 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(xvii)  Previous Coupon:24 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/The 
Previous 
Coupon shall be calculated by reference to 
the Interest Period commencing on [●]] 
[In respect of the Interest Period commencing 
on the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Previous Coupon is [●] per cent.] 
(xviii) 
Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any other 
terms relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Conditions: 
[●] 
18
Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions25 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including [(insert final interest payment 
date)] 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including [(insert final interest payment date)], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
 
23 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
24 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
25 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 497 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
497 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert final 
interest 
payment 
date)]] 
[See 
Linear 
Interpolation below.] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(vi) Applicable 
formula 
to 
be 
used 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[INV(1)][INV(2)][INV(3)][INV(4)][INV(5)] 
[INV(6)][INV(7)][INV(8)] 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
(viii) Inverse Rate:  
The mathematical [difference between][sum 
of]] (specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect 
of 
the 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day falling the Relevant Number 
of Index Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the 
relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 498 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
498 
Business Days] prior to the applicable Interest 
Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back 
Period (being no less than 
5 London Banking Days, 
TARGET Settlement Days 
or U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days): 
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-
SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded Index / 
HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index]  
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]]

--- Page 499 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
499 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
– 
ISDA Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) Margin, Margin1, Margin2 and/or Margin3: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xiii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xiv)  Gearing Factor: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(xv) Previous Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/The 
Previous 
Coupon shall be calculated by reference to 
the Interest Period commencing on [●]] 
[In respect of the Interest Period commencing 
on the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Previous Coupon is [●] per cent.] 
(xvi) Fall back provisions, rounding provisions, 
denominator and any other terms relating 
[●]

--- Page 500 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
500 
to the method of calculating interest on 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Conditions: 
19
Range Accrual Note Provisions26 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] [See Linear Interpolation below.] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
 
26 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 501 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
501 
(vi) Applicable 
formula 
to 
be 
used 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[RAN(1)][RAN(2)][RAN(3)][RAN(4)][RAN(5)] 
(vii) Range Accrual Condition1, Range Accrual 
Condition2 
and/or 
Range 
Accrual 
Condition3: 
[●] 
(Specify 
applicable 
Range 
Accrual 
Condition from Condition 5(d)) 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
(ix) Applicable Rate(s):  
[(Specify absolute value (If applicable))] [The 
mathematical [difference between][sum of]] 
(specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Specified Interest Payment Date]/[The day 
that is the [fourth] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Interest Accrual 
Period/Interest Period]/[The day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable Interest 
Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back 
Period (being no less than 
5 London Banking Days, 
TARGET Settlement Days 
or U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days): 
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]

--- Page 502 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
502 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-
SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded Index / 
HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index]  
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 503 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
503 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Index Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
– 
ISDA Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
(x) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(xi) 
Accrual Rate:  
[●] 
(xii) 
Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
(xiii) 
Fixing Day: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
(xiv) 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
(xv) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
(xvi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xvii)  Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●]  
(xviii)  Minimum Rate of Interest1: 
[●] 
(xix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[●]  
(xx) 
Maximum Rate of Interest1: 
[●] 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xxii) 
Business Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[The Business Centre 
shall be [●]] 
(xxiii) [[FX Rate(s): 
[●]]27 
(xxiv) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
(xxv) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
(xxvi) FX Price Source: 
[●] 
(xxvii) FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
(xxviii) Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
 
27 Delete provisions (xxiii) – (xxix) if Accrual Rate is not an FX Rate

--- Page 504 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
504 
(xxix) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(xxx) 
Fallback provisions, rounding provisions, 
denominator and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Range Accrual Notes, if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[●] 
20
Zero Coupon Note Provisions28 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(b)): 
[●] per cent. per annum, compounded 
[quarterly]/[semi-annually]/[annually] 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(iii) Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable: 
[●] 
21
CMS Linked Note Provisions29 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
 
28 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
29 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 505 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
505 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date.]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] [See Linear Interpolation below.] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(vi) Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[CMS(1)][CMS(2)][CMS(3)][CMS(4)] 
[CMS(5)][CMS(6)][CMS(7)][CMS(8)] 
[CMS(9)][CMS(10)][CMS(11)][CMS(12)] 
[CMS(13)][CMS(14)][CMS(15)][CMS(16)] 
[CMS(17)][CMS(18)][CMS(19)][CMSRA(1)] 
[CMSRA(2)][CMSRA(3)][CMSRA(4)] 
[CMSRA(5)] (If applicable, specify which 
formula is applicable in respect of different 
Interest Periods) 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
(viii) CMS Rate: 
(Repeat sub-paragraph (i) to (iii) below for 
each of CMS Rate1, CMS Rate2 or CMS 
Rate3 where they apply. If the CMS Rate is 
determined by reference to another CMS 
formula, replicate such of the details below 
necessary to calculate such formula.)  
The mathematical [difference between][sum 
of]] (specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Specified Interest Payment Date]/[The day 
that is the [fourth] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Interest Accrual 
Period/Interest Period]/[The day falling the

--- Page 506 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
506 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities 
Business Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[[●]/ EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-
SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded Index / 
HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index]  
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days]

--- Page 507 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
507 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
– 
ISDA Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) Accrual Range:  
[●] 
(xi) Accrual Rate:  
[●] 
(xii) Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
(xiii) Fixing Day:  
[●] 
(xiv) Rate Cut-off Date:  
[●]

--- Page 508 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
508 
(xv) Gearing Factor, Gearing Factor1, Gearing 
Factor2, Gearing Factor3, Gearing Factor4 
and/or Gearing Factor5: 
[●] 
(xvi) Margin, Margin1, Margin2 and/or Margin3: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xvii)  Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●] 
(xviii) Minimum Rate of Interest1 and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest2: 
[●]  
(xix) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xx) Maximum Rate of Interest1 and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest2: 
[●] 
(xxi) Power: 
[●] 
(xxii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xxiii) [FX Rate(s): 
[●]30 
(xxiv) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
(xxv) Base Currency: 
[●] 
(xxvi) FX Price Source: 
[●] 
(xxvii) FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
(xxviii) Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
(xxix) Valuation Time: 
[●]]31 
(xxx) Fall back provisions, rounding provisions, 
denominator and any other terms relating 
to the method of calculating interest on 
CMS Linked Notes, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions: 
[●] 
22
Variable Rate Note Provisions32 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Variation Notice: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[(a)  Minimum notice period if other than 5 
Business Days: 
[●]] (Delete if not applicable) 
(ii) 
Variation Date[s]: 
[●]  
(iii) Initial Rate of Interest: 
The [Fixed Interest Rate][Floating Interest 
Rate][Inverse Floating Interest Rate][Range 
Accrual Interest Rate][Zero Coupon Interest 
Rate][CMS Linked Interest Rate] specified 
below: 
 
30 Delete provisions (xxiii) – (xxix) if FX Rate is not applicable  
31 FX Rate provisions to be included where the Accrual Rate is calculated based upon one or more FX Rates  
32 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 509 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
509 
(Replicate details in paragraph 16, 17, 18, 19, 
20 or 21, as applicable.) 
(iv) Varied Rate[s] of Interest: 
The [Fixed Interest Rate][Floating Interest 
Rate][Inverse Floating Interest Rate][Range 
Accrual Interest Rate][Zero Coupon Interest 
Rate][CMS Linked Interest Rate] specified 
below: 
(Replicate details in paragraphs 16, 17, 18, 
19, 20 or 21, as applicable, specifying which 
Variation Date to which the Varied Rate of 
Interest relates.) 
23
Index Linked Interest Note Provisions33 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Description of formula to be used for 
determining Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] 
(iii) [Index: 
[●] 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
Exchange: 
[●] 
Type of Index: 
[●] 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges]]34 
 
(iv) [Basket: 
The basket composed of each Index specified 
below in the relative weighting specified: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Weighting 
 
 
Index 
Index Sponsor 
Business 
Centres 
Exchange(s) 
Related 
Exchange(s) 
 
1
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
2
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
3
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each additional 
Index.)]35 
(v) Index 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Averaging 
Date(s)]: 
[●] 
[Adjustment provisions in the event of a 
Disrupted Day:] 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
 
33 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
34 Delete entire paragraph if basket of indices. 
35 Delete if single index

--- Page 510 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
510 
 
 
(NB: only applicable where Averaging Date(s) 
are specified) 
(vi) Trade Date: 
[Issue Date (if either (a) there is no related 
swap transaction or (b) the Trade Date of the 
related swap transaction is the same date as 
the Issue Date)/[●] (Insert Trade Date of 
related swap transaction (if different from 
Issue Date))] 
(vii) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(viii) Provisions for determining Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Index and/or 
Formula and/or other variable is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of market disruption or settlement disruption 
events and adjustment provisions) 
(ix) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)] 
(x) Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
(xi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(xii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period

--- Page 511 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
511 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
(xiii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(xiv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[Please see sub-paragraph (iii) above]36/[●] 
(please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xviii) 
Correction of Index Levels: 
Correction of Index Levels [applies/does not 
apply and the Reference Level shall be 
calculated without regard to any subsequently 
published correction]. 
 
 
(If Correction of Index Levels does not apply, 
delete the following sub-paragraph) 
(xix) [Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Index Valuation Dates other 
than the final Index Valuation Date, [●] 
Business Days after the relevant Index 
Valuation Date and in relation to the final 
Index Valuation Date, [●] Business Days prior 
to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Averaging Dates other than the 
final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days after 
the relevant Averaging Date and in relation to 
the final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.]] 
(xx) Such other additional terms or provisions 
as may be required: 
[●] 
 
36 Delete if single Index.

--- Page 512 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
512 
24
Equity Linked Interest Note Provisions37 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Description of formula to be used to 
determine Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[●] 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
(iii) [Underlying Security: 
[●] 
Company: 
[●] 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Exchange: 
[●] 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges]]38 
(iv) [Basket: 
The 
basket 
composed 
of 
Underlying 
Securities of each Company specified below 
in the [relative proportions/number of shares 
of each Company] specified: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]39 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Weighting 
 
 
Index 
Index Sponsor 
Business 
Centres 
Exchange(s) 
Related 
Exchange(s) 
 
1
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
2
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
3
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each additional 
Index.)]40 
(v) [Equity 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Averaging 
Date(s)]: 
[●] 
[Adjustment provisions in the event of a 
Disrupted Day:] 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] NB: (only applicable where 
Averaging Date(s) are specified) 
(vi) Trade Date 
[Issue Date (if either (a) there is no related 
swap transaction or (b) the Trade Date of the 
related swap transaction is the same date as 
the Issue Date)/[●] (Insert Trade Date of 
related swap transaction (if different from 
Issue Date))] 
 
37 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
38 Delete entire paragraph if basket of Underlying Securities. 
 
39 Delete if single Underlying Security. 
40 Delete if single index

--- Page 513 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
513 
(vii) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(viii) Provisions for determining Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Underlying 
Security and/or Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of market disruption or settlement disruption 
events and adjustment provisions, including: 
[Potential Adjustment Event] 
[Merger Event] 
[Tender Offer] 
[Nationalisation] 
[De-Listing] 
[Insolvency] 
[Other]) 
(ix) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)] 
(x) Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
(xi) Interest Period Dates: 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(xii) Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] and 
including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) and including 
the Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (xii) below/, not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (xii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable 
[There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and

--- Page 514 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
514 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
(xiii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(xiv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[Please see sub-paragraph (iii) above]41 /[●] 
(please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xviii) 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Equity Valuation Dates other 
than the final Equity Valuation Date, [●] 
Business Days after the relevant Equity 
Valuation Date and in relation to the final 
Equity Valuation Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Averaging Dates other than the 
final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days after 
the relevant Averaging Date and in relation to 
the final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.]] 
(xix) Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, 
insert details) 
(xx) Such other additional terms or provisions as 
may be required: 
[●] 
25
FX Linked Interest Note Provisions42 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Description of formula to be used to 
determine Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount where calculated by 
reference to FX Rate: 
[●]/[Condition [●] shall apply] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
 
41 Delete if single Underlying Security. 
42 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 515 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
515 
 
(a) Single FX Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below.) 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(iii) FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(iv) FX Financial Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
(b) Basket of FX Rates: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below.) 
 
 
FX Rate: 
Base Currency: 
Reference Currency: 
Weighting: 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
 
FX Rate 
Sponsor: 
FX Price 
Source: 
Valuation Time: 
FX Financial Centre: 
 
1 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]  
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[Issue Date (if either (a) there is no related 
swap transaction or (b) the Trade Date of the 
related swap transaction is the same date as 
the Issue Date)/[●] (Insert Trade Date of 
related swap transaction (if different from 
Issue Date))] 
(ii) 
[FXn:] 
[●] 
(iii) 
[FXo:] 
[●] 
(iv) 
Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
(v) 
[FX Valuation Date(s)/Averaging Date(s)]: 
[●] 
(vi) 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(vii) 
Initial FX Valuation Date: 
[●] 
(viii) Initial FX Averaging Date: 
[●] 
(ix) 
FX Interest Valuation Date: 
[●] 
(x) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment 
(xi) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(xii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] and 
including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business

--- Page 516 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
516 
Day Convention set out in (xv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) and including 
the Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (xv) below/, not subject 
to any adjustment 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xiii) FX Business Day Convention: 
[Following/Modified 
Following 
/Nearest/Preceding/No 
Adjustment/other 
(give details)] 
(xiv) FX Financial Centre: 
[●] 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
 
(xviii) Provisions for determining Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount: 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of market disruption or settlement disruption 
events and adjustment provisions) 
 
(xix) Disrupted Days: 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and/or 
Inconvertibility Event as specified in Condition 
9] 
 
 
[Other Events] 
 
(xx) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)]

--- Page 517 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
517 
(xxi) Disruption Fallbacks: 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Determination/ 
Currency 
Reference 
Dealers/ 
Fallback 
Reference Price/ [Other]  
 
(Specify the order in which these will apply) 
(xxii) FX 
Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
–
Omission: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) Fallback Valuation Date: 
[●]/[As specified in Condition 9(a)]  
(xxiv) Successor Currency: 
[●] 
(xxv) Rebasing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxvi) FX Reference Dealers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, 
please specify such dealers) 
(xxvii) FX Range Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(xxviii) Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] and 
including the Maturity Date] 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) and including 
the Maturity Date. 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
[Not Applicable] 
– 
Currency Pair: 
[●] 
– 
Minimum Currency Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Maximum Currency Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Observation Period: 
[●] 
– 
Rate1: 
[●] 
– 
Rate2: 
[●] 
– 
FX Determination Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
(xxix) Such other additional terms or provisions 
as may be required: 
[●]

--- Page 518 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
518 
26
Dual Currency Note Provisions43 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Rate of Exchange/Method of calculating 
Rate of Exchange: 
[(Give details)] 
 
(ii) Calculation Agent, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or interest due: 
[Deutsche 
Bank 
AG, 
London 
Branch] 
[(Specify other)] 
 
(iii) Provisions applicable where calculation by 
reference to Rate of Exchange is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; other] 
27
Interest Trigger Event44 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
(ii) Reset Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
(iii) Minimum Interest Amount: 
[●] 
28
Knock-in Event45 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
(ii) Reset Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
(iii) Knock-in Barrier: 
[●] 
(iv) [Reference Period]/[Reference Time]: 
[Condition [●] shall apply]]/[●] 
(v) Relevant Rate: 
[●] (Specify or include a cross reference to the 
section in the Final Terms in which the 
Relevant Rate is set out) 
(vi) Other additional terms or provisions as may 
be required: 
[●]/[For the purposes of the definition of 
“Knock-in Event”, a Knock-in Event shall 
occur when the Relevant Rate is less than the 
Knock-in Barrier [at any time during the 
Reference Period]/[at the Reference Time]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
43 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
44 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
45 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 519 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
519 
29
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]/[Any calendar day from and including [●] 
to [but excluding / and including] [●]] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
[[6(d)(iii)]/[6(b)]]46/[[6(c)]/[6(e)]]47shall 
apply] 
[[●] (insert other provisions)] 
– 
[Reference Rate:] 
[●]48 
– 
[Strike Rate:] 
[●] 
– 
[X:] 
[●] 
– 
[Observation Date:] 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Notice period: 
[The Issuer shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes [not less than 10 nor more 
than 60 days/[●]] prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date] 
30
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Relevant Threshold Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.] / [As per Conditions] 
(ii) Notice period: 
[The Issuer shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes [not less than 10 nor more 
than 60 days/[●]] prior to the date set for 
redemption] 
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply49]/[[●] (insert other provisions)] 
31
Put Option50 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply] [[●] (insert other provisions)] 
(iii) Notice period: 
[The holder shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes not less than 15 nor more 
 
46 Senior Preferred Notes only.  
47 Senior Preferred and Dated Subordinated Notes only.  
48 Delete Reference Rate, Strike Rate, X and Observation Date if not applicable  
49 May only be applicable to Senior Preferred Notes.  
50 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 520 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
520 
than 60 days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date]  
32
Automatic Early Redemption51 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Commencement Date: 
[●] 
(iii) Maximum Interest Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Notice period: 
[Condition [6(b)(iii)] shall apply]/[●]]/[The 
notice period referred to in Condition 6(b)(iii) 
shall be [●] [days/Business Days] 
33
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable per 
Calculation Amount and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if different 
from that set out in the Conditions) on 
redemption: 52 
 
[Senior Preferred Notes: 
(a) on the occurrence of an event of default 
(Condition 13); or (b) for illegality (Condition 
6(f)); or (c) for taxation reasons (Condition 6(c)); 
or (d) in the case of Equity Linked Redemption 
Notes, following certain corporate events in 
accordance with Condition 7(i); or (e) in the case 
of Index Linked Redemption Notes, following an 
Index Modification, Index Cancellation or Index 
Disruption Event (Condition 8(g)); or (f)) in the 
case of Equity Linked Redemption Notes, Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or FX Linked 
Redemption Notes, following an Additional 
Disruption Event (if applicable) (Condition 6(h)):] 
[Senior Preferred MREL Notes: 
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 
6(d)); 
or 
(c) 
for 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event (Condition 6(e)):] 
[Non-Preferred Senior Notes:  
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 
6(d)); 
or 
(c) 
for 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event (Condition 6(e)):] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/As set out in the 
Conditions] [less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
payable on redemption following its Affiliates 
of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or 
Nationalisation, 
Delisting 
or 
Insolvency 
related hedging arrangements in respect of 
the Notes] 
(in the case of Equity Linked Redemption 
Notes and Index Linked Redemption Notes) 
[Early Redemption Amount includes an 
amount in respect of accrued interest: no 
additional amount in respect of accrued 
interest to be paid] or [Early Redemption 
Amount does not include an amount in 
respect of accrued interest: together with the 
Early Redemption Amount, accrued interest 
shall also be paid] 
 
51 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
52 Delete the relevant sub-paragraph within this paragraph if not applicable.

--- Page 521 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
521 
[Dated Subordinated Notes: 
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(d)); or (c) for a Regulatory Call 
(Condition 6(e)):] 
34
Regulatory Call53 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
35
MREL Disqualification Event Call54 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
36
Substitution and Variation55 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
37
Alignment Event56 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
38
Final Redemption Amount (all Notes except 
Equity Linked Redemption Notes, Index 
Linked Redemption Notes and FX Linked 
Redemption Notes) of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable]  
39
Final Redemption Amount (Index Linked 
Redemption Notes) of each Note57 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Formula 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
(iii) [Index: 
[●] 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
Exchange: 
[●] 
 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(iv) [Index 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Averaging 
Date(s)]: 
[●]]58 
(v) [Basket: 
The basket composed of each Index 
specified below in the relative weighting 
specified: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Index: 
Weighting: 
Index Sponsor: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Business 
Centre(s): 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
 
53 Dated Subordinated Notes only.  
54 Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only.  
55 Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only.  
56 Non-Preferred Senior Notes only.  
57 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
58 Delete if basket of Indices.

--- Page 522 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
522 
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
 
 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Multi-Exchange 
Index: 
 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[(i) 
Index Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
 
 
[(ii) Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[(i) 
Index Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
 
[(ii) Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[(i) 
Index Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
 
[(ii) Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each additional Index.)]59 
(vi) [Adjustment provisions in the event of a 
Disrupted Day:] 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (NB: only applicable where 
Averaging Date(s) are specified) 
(vii) Provisions 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption Amount where calculation by 
reference to Index and/or Formula and/or 
other variable is impossible or impracticable 
or otherwise disrupted: 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of market disruption events and adjustment 
provisions) 
(viii) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)] 
(ix)  Minimum Final Redemption: 
[●] 
(x)  Maximum Final Redemption: 
[●] 
(xi) Correction of Index Levels: 
Correction of Index Levels [applies/does not 
apply and the Reference Level shall be 
calculated without regard to any subsequently 
published correction]. 
 
 
(If Correction of Index Levels does not apply, 
delete the following sub-paragraph) 
(xii) [Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
59 Delete if single Index.

--- Page 523 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
523 
 
 
[In relation to Index Valuation Dates other 
than the final Index Valuation Date, [●] 
Business Days after the relevant Index 
Valuation Date and in relation to the final 
Index Valuation Date, [●] Business Days prior 
to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Averaging Dates other than the 
final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days after 
the relevant Averaging Date and in relation to 
the final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.]] 
(xiii) Such other additional terms or provisions as 
may be required: 
[●] 
40
Final Redemption Amount (Equity Linked 
Redemption Notes) of each Note60 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Formula 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
(iii) [Underlying Security: 
[●] 
Company: 
[●] 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Exchange: 
[●] 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges] 
(iv) [Equity 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Averaging 
Date(s):] 
[●] 
(v) Valuation Time: 
[●]]61 
(vi) [Basket: 
The 
basket 
composed 
of 
Underlying 
Securities of each Company specified below 
in the [relative proportions/number of shares 
of each Company] specified: 
 
 
Underlying 
Security: 
Company: 
ISIN: 
Weighting: 
Valuation Time 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]  
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
60 Senior Preferred Notes only.  
61 Delete if basket of Underlying Securities.

--- Page 524 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
524 
 
 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Multi-Exchange : 
 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[(i)  
Equity Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
[(ii)  
Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[(i)  
Equity Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
[(ii)  
Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[(i)  
Equity Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
[(ii)  
Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
(Repeat as necessary for each additional Equity Index.)] 30 
(vii)  
 
[Adjustment provisions in the event of a 
Disrupted Day:] 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (NB: only applicable where 
Averaging Date(s) are specified) 
(viii) Business Centre: 
[Please see paragraph (iii) above]62/[●] 
(Please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(ix)  Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Physical Settlement does not apply, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
[Underlying Securities Amount: 
[●] 
 
Presentation Date: 
[●] 
 
Clearing system through which the 
Underlying Securities Amount may 
be delivered upon redemption: 
[●] 
 
Delivery Agent: 
[Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.] [(Specify 
other)]] 
(x) [Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Equity Valuation Dates other 
than the final Equity Valuation Date, [●] 
Business Days after the relevant Equity 
Valuation Date and in relation to the final 
Equity Valuation Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Averaging Dates other than the 
final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days after 
the relevant Averaging Date and in relation to 
 
62 Delete if single Underlying Security.

--- Page 525 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
525 
the final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.]] 
(xi) Provisions 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption Amount where calculation by 
reference to Underlying Security and/or 
Formula and/or other variable is impossible 
or impracticable or otherwise disrupted: 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of Final Redemption Amount where market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions, including: 
 
 
[Potential Adjustment Event] 
 
 
[Merger Event] 
 
 
[Tender Offer] 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
[De-Listing] 
 
 
[Insolvency] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
(xii) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)] 
(xiii) Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable 
insert details) 
(xiv) Such other additional terms or provisions 
as may be required: 
[●] 
41
Final Redemption Amount (FX Linked 
Redemption Notes) of each Note63 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Description of formula to be used to 
determine Final Redemption Amount where 
calculated by reference to a FX Rate: 
[●] 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
 
(a) Single FX Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below.) 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
FX Financial Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
63 Senior Preferred Notes only.

--- Page 526 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
526 
 
(b) Basket of FX Rates: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below.) 
 
 
FX Rate: 
Base Currency: 
Reference Currency: 
Weighting: 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
 
FX Rate 
Sponsor: 
FX Price 
Source: 
Valuation Time: 
FX Financial Centre: 
 
1 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]  
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[Issue Date (if either (a) there is no related 
swap transaction or (b) the Trade Date of the 
related swap transaction is the same date as 
the Issue Date)/[●] (Insert Trade Date of 
related swap transaction (if different from 
Issue Date))] 
(ii) 
 Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
(iii) [FX Valuation Date(s)/Averaging Date(s)]: 
[●] 
(iv) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(v) Initial FX Valuation Date: 
[●] 
(vi) Initial FX Averaging Date: 
[●] 
(vii)  FX Business Day Convention: 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Nearest/Preceding/No 
Adjustment/[●](give details)] 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(ix)  Disrupted Days: 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and/or 
Inconvertibility Event as specified in Condition 
9] 
 
 
[Other Events] 
 
(x) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)]

--- Page 527 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
527 
(xi) Disruption Fallbacks: 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Determination/ 
Currency 
Reference 
Dealers/ 
Fallback 
Reference Price/ [Other] 
(Specify the order in which these will apply) 
(xii) FX Averaging Reference Dates – Omission: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) Fallback Valuation Date: 
[●] 
(xiv) Successor Currency: 
[●] 
(xv) Rebasing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) FX Reference Dealers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, 
please specify such dealers) 
(xvii) Such other additional terms or provisions as 
may be required: 
[●] 
42
Any other terms relating to the redemption 
of the Notes, if different from those set out 
in the Conditions 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
43
Form of Notes 
[Bearer 
Notes/[Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes]64/Registered Notes] 
 
 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note not earlier than 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of 
the Tranche of which such Note is a part nor 
later than 40 days prior to the first anniversary 
of the Issue Date [(i.e. [●])] which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the 
Tranche of which such Note is a part nor later 
than 40 days prior to the first anniversary of 
the Issue Date (i.e. [●])]65 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]20 
 
 
[Restricted Global Certificate exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
 
64 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
65 The exchange at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note/Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Notes, other 
than in the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global Note/Certificate.

--- Page 528 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
528 
circumstances specified in the restricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Rule 144A)]66 
 
 
[Unrestricted] Global Certificate [registered in 
the name of [a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg] [a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(that is, held under the NSS)] exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the unrestricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Regulation S)] 
 
 
[AMTN Global Certificate [registered in the 
name of Austraclear] that is held by the 
Australian Fiscal Agent.] 
44
New Global Notes:67 
[Yes/No] 
45
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 10(h) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or Condition 7(i) of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or Dated Subordinated Notes) or 
other special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
Not Applicable / [Condition 10(h)(i)[(A)/(B)] of 
the Senior Preferred Notes] or Condition 
7(i)(i)[(A)/(B)] of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Dated 
Subordinated Notes] applies/give details. 
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 16(iv), 
17(iv), 18(iv), 20(iv), 22(xiii), 23(xiii) and 35(vi) 
relate] 
46
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount of 
each payment comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on late payment:68 
[Not Applicable/(give details)] 
47
Details relating to Instalment Notes: Amount of 
each instalment, date on which each payment 
is to be made:69 
[Not Applicable/(give details)] 
48
Other terms or special conditions: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
49
Additional steps that may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution in accordance with Condition 14(a) 
of the Senior Preferred Notes or Condition 
11(a) of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, 
[Not Applicable/(give details)] 
 
66 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted Global Certificate.  
67 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form or in the form of Registered Notes to be held under the NSS. 
68 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
69 Not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 529 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
529 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Dated 
Subordinated Notes: 
50
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary].  
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof,[[administrator 
legal name], as administrator of [specify 
benchmark][repeat as necessary] [is / are] not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 
of 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that 
[insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] 
not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable]  
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the 
issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note 
Programme of Rabobank.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Information on the underlying has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE STATEMENT (N.B. only to be included 
in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
[Save as disclosed in [refer to any relevant disclosure],] There has been no significant change 
in the financial position and financial performance of the Issuer or of Rabobank Group and there has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or Rabobank Group since [insert 
date of latest annual or interim financial statements].]

--- Page 530 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
530 
[REPRESENTATIVE (N.B. Only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has 
appointed [●], located at [●], as recognised representative to lodge the listing application for the Notes 
with SIX Exchange Regulation AG.] 
[RESPONSIBILITY (N.B. only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 531 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
531 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
Listing70 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[None/[●] (specify an exchange-regulated market 
or a stock exchange located outside the EEA or 
the UK)] 
[Application will be made by the Issuer to the 
Taipei Exchange in Taiwan (the “TPEx”) for the 
listing of the Notes on the TPEx] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●]/No 
application for admission to trading has been 
made]  
[Application for definitive listing on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange will be made as soon as practicable 
thereafter and (if granted) will only be granted after 
the Issue Date. The last day of trading on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange will be [date]/[the second SIX 
Exchange Business Day prior to the Maturity 
Date. “SIX Exchange Business Day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
the SIX Swiss Exchange is open for general 
business].]71 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
 
[Application will be made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the TPEx with effect from 
the Issue Date. 
TPEx is not responsible for the content of this 
document and the Documentation and no 
representation is made by TPEx to the accuracy 
or completeness of this document and the 
Documentation. TPEx expressly disclaims any 
and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a 
result of the reliance on, all or part of the contents 
of this document and the Documentation. 
Admission to the listing and trading of the Notes 
on the TPEx shall not be taken as an indication of 
the merits of the Issuer or the Notes. The effective 
date of the listing of the Notes is on or about the 
Issue Date.] 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
2
Ratings 
 
 
70 Listing of Exempt Notes may only be on an exchange regulated market or on a stock exchange outside the EEA or the UK.  
71 Where the Notes are to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the expected last day of trading must be indicated.

--- Page 532 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
532 
Rating: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been][/][are
expected to be] rated:] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating. A brief 
explanation of the rating(s) assigned by each 
rating agency should be given] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
  
[Fitch Australia: [●]] [Credit ratings are for 
distribution only to a person in Australia (a) who is 
not a ‘retail client’ within the meaning of section 
761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of 
Australia (the “Australian Corporations Act”) 
and is also a sophisticated investor, professional 
investor or other investor in respect of whom 
disclosure is not required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 
of the Australian Corporations and (b) who is 
otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in 
accordance with applicable law in any jurisdiction 
in which the person may be located. Anyone in 
Australia who is not such a person is not entitled 
to receive these Final Terms or the Base 
Prospectus and anyone who receives these Final 
Terms or the Base Prospectus must not distribute 
them to any person in Australia who is not entitled 
to receive them.]  
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other: [●]] 
 
 
(the above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU and 
(ii) registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) 
not registered under the CRA Regulation; but 
(iii) has applied for registration:

--- Page 533 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
533 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EU and has applied for registration under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, 
although 
notification of the registration decision has not yet 
been provided. 
 
 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU; and 
(ii) has not applied for registration is not 
registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EU and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/ 2009. 
 
 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU but 
the relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EU but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU and 
the relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation, but the CRA is certified under 
the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EU but is certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 6: CRA is neither established in the EU 
nor certified under the CRA Regulation and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EU and is not certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
3
[Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the offer 
[(Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement):]

--- Page 534 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
534 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] and 
[their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]]] 
4
Reasons for the offer and estimated net 
proceeds: 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus]/[specify 
green 
bond 
use 
of 
proceeds]/[●]  
(If reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include 
those reasons here.)] 
[In case of green bonds, an amount equivalent to 
the net proceeds will be used to finance and/or 
refinance, in part or in whole, the Eligible Green 
Assets and further specify herein the prescribed 
Eligibility Criteria of the Eligible Green Assets 
and the envisaged impact of such finance or 
refinance, to the extent not already disclosed.] 
(Delete if information on the envisaged impact is 
unavailable)   
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is NOT an indication of 
future yield. 
6
Operational information 
 
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:72 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs73 as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][(include this text for registered 
notes)] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
 
72 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form. 
73 The International Central Securities Depositories (i.e. Euroclear SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.).

--- Page 535 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
535 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the 
ICSDs 
as 
common 
safekeeper 
[(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,]([include 
this text for registered notes]]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series insert:) 
[Pending consolidation with the Existing Notes: [●] 
Following consolidation with the Existing Notes: 
[●]] 
(iii) Common Code: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series insert:) 
[Pending consolidation with the Existing Notes: [●] 
Following consolidation with the Existing Notes: 
[●]] 
(iv) German WKN-code: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(v) Private Placement number: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(vi) CUSIP Number:74 
[●] 
(vii) [CFI:75 
[●]] 
(viii) [FISN:76 
[●]] 
(ix) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and number(s))] 
(x) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(xi) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying/Delivery Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
(xii) Names (and addresses) of Calculation 
Agent(s):77 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Winchester 
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 
2DB, United Kingdom] [(Specify other)] 
 
74 Applicable to Restricted Global Certificates. Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted 
Global Certificate.  
75 Applicable only for listed Notes.   
76 Applicable only for listed Notes.    
77 Separate Calculation Agency Agreement needed if the Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates or Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch.

--- Page 536 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
536 
7
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/(give names)] 
(iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●](give names)] 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give names)] 
(v) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/Not Applicable] 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
(viii) Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/(give details)]

--- Page 537 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
537 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES1 
FINAL TERMS 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
AUSTRALIA BRANCH 
(Australian Business Number 70 003 917 655) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
NEW ZEALAND BRANCH 
(New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
EUR 160,000,000,000 
Global Medium-Term Note Programme of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch 
Due from seven days to perpetuity 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[●] Notes [year of issue] due [●]2 (the “Notes”) 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Publicity Name(s) of Dealer/Manager(s)] 
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate]3 [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
 
1 Denominations must be less than €100,000 or equivalent in other currency and may be admitted to listing or trading on a 
Regulated Market and not applicable for Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated 
Notes.  
2 For Floating Rate Notes, insert relevant month and year only, not the date within the month of maturity. 
3 Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex.

--- Page 538 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
538 
market]]4. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”]/[MiFID II]); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
 
4 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be 
appropriate.  
5 Legend to be included only in the case where ‘Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors’ is marked ‘Applicable’.

--- Page 539 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
539 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended form time to time, the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are]/[are not] “prescribed capital markets products” 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]7 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [: 
(i) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph [8(vii)] of Part B below, provided 
such person is of a kind specified in that paragraph and that the offer is made during the Offer 
Period specified in that paragraph; or 
(ii) 
otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any [Dealer/Manager] has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Notes in any other circumstances. 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 May 2023 [and the Supplemental 
Prospectus[es] dated [●]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained 
from, Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and the principal office of the Paying 
Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.luxse.com. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] (the “Conditions”), which are incorporated 
by reference in the base prospectus dated 15 May 2023 [and the supplemental prospectus[es] dated [●]] 
([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, 
 
6  Legend may be removed where the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products. 
7 For any Notes to be offered to investors in Singapore, the Issuer should consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 540 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
540 
and copies may be obtained from, Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and the 
principal office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.luxse.com.]8 
[THE NOTES REFERRED TO HEREIN THAT ARE REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL 
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE 
AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT FOR RESALES OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL CERTIFICATE]9 
[Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived 
from any Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying 
debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the "ITA"), 
shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations 
through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, 
prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax 
(including for the reasons described above) shall include such interest, discount income, prepayment fee, 
redemption premium or break cost in a return of income made under the ITA.]10 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant 
footnotes. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[Consider whether a drawdown prospectus is necessary in order to issue fungible Notes where the 
first Tranche was issued pursuant to a previous Base Prospectus/Offering Circular. This could arise in 
circumstances where, for example, the Final Terms for the original tranche included information which is 
no longer permitted to be included in Final Terms under the Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to guidance 
issued by ESMA.] 
 
8 This alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under an offering 
circular/base prospectus with an earlier date.  
9 Paragraph to be included only in the case of a Tranche of Notes issued pursuant to Rule 144A.  
10 Include if the Notes are intended to qualify as "qualifying debt securities" ("QDS") for the purposes of the Income Tax Act 1947 
of Singapore.

--- Page 541 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
541 
1
Issuer: 
[Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.11 
 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand 
Branch] 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[(insert description of the Series)] (the 
“Existing Notes”) on [(insert date)/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 27 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [(insert date)]]]. 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate nominal amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
[plus accrued interest in respect of the period 
from, and including, [(insert date)/the Interest 
Commencement Date] to, but excluding, 
[(insert 
date)/the 
Issue 
Date] 
(if applicable)] 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof, up to and including [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[As specified in Condition 1][[●] (specify if other 
than the Issue Date)]/[Not Applicable] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date (or indicate if Notes are 
perpetual) or (for Floating Rate Notes) [The 
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [●]] (insert the relevant month and 
year) 
 
 
(N.B. it will be necessary to use the alternative 
text for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification) 
9
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[(specify applicable rate)] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
11 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form and Notes denominated in Sterling.

--- Page 542 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
542 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [15/16] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [15/16] 
applies] 
[Not Applicable] 
11
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100.00 per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
12
Alternative Currency Equivalent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative 
Currency 
Adjudication 
Agent:12 
[●] 
 
(iii) Alternative 
Currency 
Calculation 
Agent:13 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[●] Business Days 
13
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Further particulars specified below] 
14
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior – the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred Notes shall apply 
 
(ii) 
Domestic Note (if Domestic Note, there 
will be no gross-up for withholding tax): 
[No/Yes] 
 
(iii) Date of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
arrear] 
 
12 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Adjudication Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
13 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Calculation Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.

--- Page 543 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
543 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to and 
including the Maturity Date] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the “First 
Interest Payment Date”) up to and including 
the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest period (the “[Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon”) in respect of the period [from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the First Interest Payment 
Date]/[from (and including) [(insert penultimate 
Interest Payment Date)] to (and including) the 
Maturity Date] 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 10(h) will apply if an Interest 
Payment Date falls on a non-business day) 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only be 
used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be the next 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payment and are 
open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and currency deposits) in 
Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount [except in respect 
of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] Coupon]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only be 
used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
 
 
[Each 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount 
shall 
be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by 
the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.]

--- Page 544 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
544 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on [●]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; Actual/Actual-ISDA; Actual/365 
(Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); Actual/360; 
30/360; 
360/360; 
Bond 
Basis; 
30E/360; 
Eurobond 
Basis; 
30E/360 
(ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 16(v)) 
 
(vii) [Business Day Convention:] 
[Applicable — Modified Following Business 
Day Convention] (Only applicable where Notes 
are denominated in Renminbi, otherwise delete 
this item) 
16
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to and 
including [(insert final interest payment date)], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the “First 
Interest Payment Date”) up to and including 
[(insert final interest payment date)], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable

--- Page 545 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
545 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest period (the “[Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon”) in respect of the period [from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the First Interest Payment 
Date]/[from (and including) [(insert penultimate 
Interest Payment Date)] to (and including) 
[(insert final interest payment date)]] [See 
Linear Interpolation below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
interest 
determination) 
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
 
(vii) Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/Condition [●] shall apply] 
(Specify the Condition which sets out the 
applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) – (G)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify city)] 
for [(specify currency)]] prior to the first day in 
each 
[Interest 
Accrual 
Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which, by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR

--- Page 546 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
546 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable Interest 
Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(x) ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[[●]/ EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-
SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded Index / 
HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-
SOFR Compounded Index]  
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]]

--- Page 547 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
547 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; Actual/Actual-ISDA; Actual/365 
(Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); Actual/360; 
30/360; 
360/360; 
Bond 
Basis; 
30E/360; 
Eurobond 
Basis; 
30E/360 
(ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]/[Any calendar day from and including [●] to 
[but excluding / and including] [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition [6(b)] 
shall apply]  
[– 
[Reference Rate:] 
[●]14 
– 
[Strike Rate:] 
[●] 
 
14 Delete Reference Rate, Strike Rate, X and Observation Date if not applicable

--- Page 548 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
548 
– 
[X:] 
[●] 
– 
[Observation Date:] 
[As per Conditions]/[●]] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[The Issuer shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes [not less than 10 nor more 
than 60 days/[●]] prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date] 
18
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Relevant Threshold Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.] / [As per Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[The Issuer shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes [not less than 10 nor more 
than 60 days/[●]] prior to the date set for 
redemption] 
 
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply]/[[●] (insert other provisions)] 
19
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply] [[●] (insert other provisions)] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[The holder shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date]  
20
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable per 
Calculation Amount on redemption (a) on 
the occurrence of an event of default 
(Condition 13); or (b) for illegality (Condition 
6(f)); or (c) for taxation reasons (Condition 
6(c)): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/As set out in the 
Conditions] 
21
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22
Form of Notes 
[Bearer 
Notes/Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes/Registered Notes]  
 
 
(Delete as appropriate)

--- Page 549 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
549 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note not earlier than 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of the 
Tranche of which such Note is a part nor later 
than 40 days prior to the first anniversary of the 
Issue Date [(i.e. [●])] which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Tranche 
of which such Note is a part nor later than 40 
days prior to the first anniversary of the Issue 
Date (i.e. [●])]15 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]11 
 
 
[Restricted Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Certificates 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the restricted Global 
Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant to Rule 
144A)]16 
 
 
[Unrestricted] Global Certificate [registered in 
the name of [a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg] [a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] (that 
is, held under the NSS)] exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Certificates 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the unrestricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant to 
Regulation S)] 
23
New Global Notes:17 
[Yes/No] 
24
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 10(h)): 
Not Applicable / Condition 10(h)(i)[(A)/(B)] 
applies. [Note that this paragraph relates to the 
date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 
16(iv), 17(iv), 18(iv) and 20(iv) relate] 
25
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary].  
 
15 The Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by 
a Temporary Global Note/Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Notes, other than in the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Note/Certificate. 
16 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted Global Certificate. 
17 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form or in the form of Registered Notes to be held under the NSS.

--- Page 550 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
550 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as 
at the date hereof,[[administrator legal name], 
as administrator of [specify benchmark][repeat 
as necessary] [is / are] not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011]/[the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, 
such that [insert names(s) of administrator(s)] 
[is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]/[Not Applicable] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue 
of Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note Programme 
of Rabobank.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Information on the underlying has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
[SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE STATEMENT (N.B. only to be included in 
case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
[Save as disclosed in [refer to any relevant disclosure],] There has been no significant change in 
the financial position and financial performance of the Issuer or of Rabobank Group and there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or Rabobank Group since [insert date of latest 
annual or interim financial statements].] 
[REPRESENTATIVE (N.B. Only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has 
appointed [●], located at [●], as recognised representative to lodge the listing application for the Notes 
with SIX Exchange Regulation AG.] 
[RESPONSIBILITY (N.B. only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer

--- Page 551 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
551 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 552 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
552 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext 
Amsterdam/Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/Other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●]/No 
application for admission to trading has been 
made].18  
[Application for definitive listing on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange will be made as soon as 
practicable thereafter and (if granted) will only 
be granted after the Issue Date. The last day of 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be 
[date]/[the second SIX Exchange Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date. “SIX Exchange 
Business Day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which the SIX Swiss 
Exchange is open for general business].]19 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) In the case of Notes listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Amsterdam Listing Agent: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
(b) 
Amsterdam Paying Agent: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
2
Ratings 
 
Rating: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been][/][are
expected to be] rated:] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating. A 
brief explanation of the rating(s) assigned by 
each rating agency should be given] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch Australia: [●]]  
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
18 Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading. 
19 Where the Notes are to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the expected last day of trading must be indicated.

--- Page 553 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
553 
 
 
[[Other: [●]] 
 
 
(the above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU 
and 
(ii) 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, 
(ii) 
not 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation; 
but 
(iii) 
has 
applied 
for 
registration: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EU and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, although 
notification of the registration decision has not 
yet been provided. 
 
 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU; 
and (ii) has not applied for registration is 
not registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EU and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/ 2009. 
 
 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU 
but the relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under 
the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
not 
established in the EU but the rating it has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU 
and the relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation, but the CRA is 
certified under the CRA Regulation:

--- Page 554 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
554 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
not 
established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 6: CRA is neither established in the 
EU nor certified under the CRA Regulation 
and the relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
not 
established in the EU and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. 
3
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the offer 
[(Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:)] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] 
and [their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
4
[Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses] 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in 
Base Prospectus]/[specify green bond 
use of proceeds]/[●]  
 
 
(If reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain 
risks will need to include those reasons 
here.)] 
[In case of green bonds, an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds will be 
used to finance and/or refinance, in 
part or in whole, the Eligible Green 
Assets and further specify herein the 
prescribed Eligibility Criteria of the 
Eligible Green Assets and the 
envisaged impact of such finance or 
refinance, to the extent not already 
disclosed.] 
(Delete if information on the envisaged 
impact is unavailable)

--- Page 555 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
555 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than 
one use will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[●] [(Include breakdown of expenses.)] 
5
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It 
is NOT an indication of future yield. 
6
[Historic interest rates (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details 
of 
the 
past 
and 
further 
performance 
of 
[LIBID/LIMEAN/GBP-ISDA-Swap 
Rate/EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SOFR/EONIA/STIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-
Swap Rate/JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate/USD-ISDA-Swap Rate/other] can be obtained from [●] [free 
of charge/for a fee].] 
7
Operational information 
 
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:20 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” 
simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs21 as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][(include 
this 
text 
for 
registered 
notes)] 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day 
credit 
operations 
by 
the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified 
as “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in 
 
20 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form. 
21 The International Central Securities Depositories (i.e. Euroclear SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.).

--- Page 556 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
556 
the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][(include 
this 
text 
for 
registered notes)]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series 
insert:) 
[Pending 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●] 
Following 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●]] 
(iii) Common Code: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series 
insert:) 
[Pending 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●] 
Following 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●]] 
(iv) German WKN-code: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(v) Private Placement number: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(vi) CUSIP Number:22 
[●] 
(vii) [CFI:23 
[●]] 
(viii) [FISN:24 
[●]] 
(ix) Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and 
number(s))] 
(x) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(xi) Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional 
Paying/Delivery Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
(xii) Names 
(and 
addresses) 
of 
Calculation 
Agent(s):25 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
 
22 Applicable to Restricted Global Certificates. Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted 
Global Certificate.  
23 Applicable only for listed Notes.   
24  Applicable only for listed Notes.   
25 Separate Calculation Agency Agreement needed if the Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates or Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch.

--- Page 557 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
557 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom]/[●] 
8
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers: 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
names 
and 
addresses)] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of 
entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or extra information 
will be required if the managers and 
underwriters are not the same or if the 
placing is on a “best efforts” basis if 
such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Where applicable, set out 
the 
material 
features 
of 
any 
underwriting 
agreements, 
including 
quotas, and where an issue is only 
partially 
underwritten, 
include 
a 
statement of the portion not covered.) 
(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●](give names)] 
(v) [Managers’/Dealer’s] Commission: 
[●] 
(vi) If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
names 
and 
addresses)] 
 
 
[If the sole Dealer in respect of Notes 
issued by Rabobank is Rabobank (in 
its capacity as Dealer), such Dealer will 
not subscribe for the Notes, but will act 
as agent for the placement of Notes. 
Such Notes will be deemed to be 
issued at the time when the Notes are 
transferred from the Dealer to the 
subscriber and the Dealer receives 
funds from the subscriber on behalf of 
Rabobank] 
(vii) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C /TEFRA D /Not Applicable] 
(viii) Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes 
may be made by the Manager(s) [and 
[[]] (together [with the Managers], the 
“Initial Authorised Offerors”) [and 
any other Authorised Offerors in 
accordance with paragraph [] below] 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of 
the Prospectus Regulation in [specify

--- Page 558 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
558 
relevant 
jurisdiction(s) 
where 
the 
Prospectus and any supplements have 
been passported] (the “Public Offer 
Jurisdictions”) during the period from 
[specify date] until [specify date] (the 
“Offer Period”). See further paragraph 
[9(xii)] below.] 
 
(ix) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling 
restriction) 
 
(x) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) General Consent: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
9
General 
[Applicable/Not Applicable], (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)26 
(i) 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not 
fixed, description of the arrangements and time 
for announcing the definitive amount to the 
public: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on 
their issue. As between the Authorised 
Offerors and their customers, offers of 
the Notes are further subject to 
conditions as may be agreed between 
them and/or as specified in the 
arrangements in place between them.] 
[●] 
(iii) Description of the application process: 
[A prospective Noteholder should 
contact the applicable Authorised 
Offeror in the applicable Public Offer 
Jurisdiction prior to the end of the Offer 
Period. A prospective Noteholder will 
subscribe for the Notes in accordance 
with 
the 
arrangements 
existing 
between such Authorised Offeror and 
its 
customers 
relating 
to 
the 
subscription of securities generally. 
Noteholders will not be required to 
enter 
into 
any 
contractual 
arrangements directly with the Issuer in 
connection with the subscription of the 
Notes.] [●] 
 
26 Not applicable if the Notes are offered in circumstances which do not require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 559 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
559 
(iv) Description of possibility to reduce subscriptions: 
[Not Applicable. The terms of the 
Public Offer do not provide for any 
reductions of subscriptions.] [●] 
(v) Manner for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable. The terms of the 
Public Offer do not provide for any 
refunds of excess amounts paid by 
applicants.] [●] 
(vi) Minimum 
and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
application: 
[There are no pre-identified allotment 
criteria. The Authorised Offerors will 
adopt allotment criteria in accordance 
with customary market practices and 
applicable laws and regulations.] [●] 
(vii) Method and time limit for paying up the securities 
and for delivery of the Notes: 
[Investors will be notified by the 
relevant Authorised Offeror of their 
allocations of Notes and the settlement 
arrangements in respect thereof. The 
Notes will be issued on the Issue Date 
against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys.] [●] 
(viii) Manner and date on which results of the offer are 
to be made public: 
[Investors will be notified by the 
applicable Authorised Offeror of their 
allocations of Notes and the settlement 
procedures in respect thereof.] [●] 
(ix) Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, the negotiability of subscription rights 
and the treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable. The terms of the 
Public Offer do not provide for a 
procedure for the exercise of any right 
of pre-emption or negotiability of 
subscription rights.] [●] 
(x) Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries. 
Not Applicable. The terms of the Public 
Offer do not reserve any tranche(s) for 
certain countries. 
(xi) Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made: 
[A prospective Noteholder will receive 
100 per cent. of the amount of the 
Notes allocated to it at the end of the 
Offer Period. Prospective Noteholders 
will be notified by the applicable 
Authorised Offeror in accordance with 
the arrangements in place between 
such Authorised Offeror and the 
prospective Noteholders. No dealings 
in the Notes on a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II (Directive 
2014/65/EU) may take place prior to 
the Issue Date.] [●] 
(xii) Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable. The terms of the 
Public Offer do not provide for any 
expenses and/or taxes to be charged

--- Page 560 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
560 
to any subscriber and/or purchaser of 
the Notes.] [●] 
(xiii) Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to 
the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
The 
Initial 
Authorised 
Offerors 
identified in paragraph [●] above [and 
any additional Authorised Offerors who 
have or obtain the Issuer’s consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in connection 
with the Public Offer [and who are 
identified on the Issuer’s website as an 
Authorised 
Offeror/in 
the 
manner 
described in the Base Prospectus] 
(together, the “Authorised Offerors”).

--- Page 561 ---
General information 
 
561 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Notes. The update and amendment to the Programme was 
authorised by Rabobank by a resolution of the Managing Board of Rabobank passed on  
5 December 2022, by a resolution of the Supervisory Board passed on 14 December 2022 and by 
a secretary’s certificate dated 15 May 2023.  
2. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial or 
trading position and financial performance of the Issuer or of Rabobank Group, since 31 December 
2022, and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of Rabobank 
Group, since 31 December 2022, the last day of the financial period in respect of which audited 
financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared.  
3. 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled “Legal and arbitration proceedings” on pages 317 to 318 
of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the period 
covering the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or Rabobank Group’s financial position or 
profitability. 
4. 
Each Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States 
person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax 
laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code”. 
5. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems. In addition, Rabobank will make an application with respect to any Restricted Notes of a 
Registered Series to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. Acceptance by DTC of 
Restricted Notes of each Tranche of a Registered Series issued by Rabobank will be confirmed in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN), the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedure (CUSIP) number and (where 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg and the 
address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041 USA.  
6. 
The AMTNs have been accepted for clearance through the Austraclear System operated by 
Austraclear Ltd (ABN 94 002 060 773) (“Austraclear”) (which is the entity in charge of keeping the 
records). The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of 
AMTNs will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Austraclear is 20 Bridge Street Sydney NSW 2000, Australia. 
7. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined based on the prevailing 
market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation 
to any issues of Notes. 
8. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will 
be 
available 
at 
www.rabobank.com/about-us/investor-relations/funding-and-capital/issuance-
programs/gmtn-program:

--- Page 562 ---
General information 
 
562 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (which includes 
the form of the Global Notes, the Registered Notes, the Definitive Notes, and the Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts relating to Definitive Notes) and the Covenant (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time); 
(ii) 
the Australian Agency Agreement (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (which 
includes the form of the Certificates) and the Covenant; 
(iii) 
the articles of association of Rabobank; 
(iv) 
the audited and consolidated financial statements of Rabobank and Rabobank Group for the 
years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (together with 
the explanatory notes and the independent auditor’s reports in respect thereof); 
(v) 
the audited financial statements of Rabobank for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 
and 2020 (in each case, together with the explanatory notes and the independent auditor’s 
reports in respect thereof); 
(vi) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity); 
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus and any such supplement); and 
(viii) 
a copy of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
9. 
The consolidated financial statements of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and its subsidiaries as of 
and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Accountants N.V., an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their auditor’s 
reports incorporated by reference herein. The auditor signing the auditor’s report on behalf of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants 
(Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).  
10. 
The latest published financial information was for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
11. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interim financial information in respect of the Issuer has 
been published subsequent to 31 December 2022.  
12. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Rabobank Group is not party to any contracts (not entered 
into in the ordinary course of business) that are considered material to its results, financial condition 
or operations. 
13. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. is DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62. 
14. 
The website of the Issuer is www.rabobank.com. The information on www.rabobank.com does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 563 ---
General information 
 
563 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business, and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly 
in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate, and which such Dealers have received 
or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. 
Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have 
received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may 
receive allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future 
trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
16. 
The yield for any particular Series of Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and will be calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant Notes were 
to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. Set out below is the 
formula for the purposes of calculating the yield of Fixed Rate Notes.  
Issue Price = Rate of Interest × 
1 − (
1
(1 + Yield)n)
Yield
 + [Final Redemption Amount × 
1
(1 + Yield)n] 
Where: 
“Rate of Interest” means the Rate of Interest expressed as a percentage as specified in the relevant
Final Terms and adjusted according to the frequency i.e. for a semi-annual paying Note, the Rate
of Interest is half the stated annualised Rate of Interest in the Final Terms; 
“Yield” means the yield to maturity calculated on a frequency commensurate with the frequency of
interest payments as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“n” means the number of interest payments to maturity. 
 
Set out below is a worked example illustrating how the yield on a Series of Fixed Rate Notes could 
be calculated on the basis of the above formula. It is provided for purposes of illustration only and 
should not be taken as an indication or prediction of the yield for any Series of Notes; it is intended 
merely to illustrate the way which the above formula could be applied. 
Where:

--- Page 564 ---
General information 
 
564 
n = 6 
Rate of interest = 3.875 per cent. 
Issue Price = 99.392 per cent. 
Final Redemption Amount = 100 per cent. 
 
99.392 = 3.875 
1 − [
1
(1 + Yield)6]
Yield
 + [100 × 
1
(1 + Yield)6] 
Yield = 3.99 per cent. (calculated by iteration)  
The yield specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of a Series of Fixed Rate Notes will not be 
indication of future yield. 
17. 
The following table sets forth the payments made by Rabobank to Stichting AK Rabobank 
Certificaten with respect to Rabobank’s participations (“Rabobank Participations”) relating to the 
financial years indicated. Stichting AK Rabobank Certificaten paid the payments it received in 
respect of the Rabobank Participations to the holders of the Rabobank certificates.  
Financial year 
 
Number of
Rabobank
Participants for
calculation of the
payment 
Payment in cash (in euro per Rabobank 
Participation) 
 
 
 
 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
2022……………………..  
313,005,461 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2021 ..............................  
313,005,461 
€0.13674 
€0.13674 
€0.13674 
€1.21478 
2020 ..............................  
313,005,461 
€0.00 
€0.00 
€0.00 
€0.00* 
2019 ..............................  
297,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2018 ..............................  
297,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2017 ..............................  
297,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2016 ..............................  
237,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2015 ..............................  
237,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2014 ..............................  
237,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
*Rabobank made an exceptional distribution of approximately €1.625 per Rabobank Certificate in the form of 
Rabobank Certificates. 
The payment history is no indication of future payments by the Issuer on the Rabobank 
Participations. 
Up until 2015, a dividend could be paid from the profits of Rabobank, the amount of which was 
determined by the General Meeting on the proposal of the Managing Board. In 2015 a dividend of 
€264 million was distributed to the local Rabobanks. In previous years, such distributed dividends 
to the local Rabobanks amounted to €218 million in 2014, €0 million in 2013 and €493 million in 
2012. At Rabobank Group level, these dividend distributions did not have any impact on equity. As 
a result of the legal merger on 1 January 2016 between the local cooperative Rabobanks and 
Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., the surviving company (the Issuer) no 
longer has any shareholders nor a distribution policy.

--- Page 565 ---
565 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES OF THE ISSUER  
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Australia Branch 
Darling Park Tower 3 
Level 16, 201 Sussex Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
New Zealand Branch 
Level 4, 32 Hood Street 
Hamilton Central 
Hamilton 3204 
New Zealand 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
To Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
(in its capacity as Dealer) 
Thames Court 
One Queenhithe 
London EC4V 3RL 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France

--- Page 566 ---
566 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
5 King William Street 
London EC4N 7AX 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom  
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
5th Floor, One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland  
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain

--- Page 567 ---
567 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
AUSTRALIAN FISCAL AGENT, AUSTRALIAN REGISTRAR AND AUSTRALIAN CALCULATION AGENT
 Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (ABN 48 078 279 277) 
 Level 3 
60 Carrington Street 
Sydney NSW  2000 
Australia 
TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENT 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Trust and Agency Services 
1 Columbus Circle, 17th Floor 
Mail Stop: NCY01-1710 
New York, NY 10019 
United States 
LUXEMBOURG STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EURONEXT AMSTERDAM LISTING AGENT 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. in respect of Dutch law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A  
1013 GE Amsterdam  
The Netherlands

--- Page 568 ---
568 
To Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch 
in respect of Australian law 
To Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand 
Branch 
in respect of New Zealand law 
Ashurst 
Level 11, 5 Martin Place 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
Chapman Tripp 
Level 34, PwC Tower  
15 Customs Street West  
Auckland 1140 
New Zealand 
To the Dealers 
in respect of Dutch law 
in respect of United States law 
In respect of Australian law 
Linklaters LLP 
WTC Amsterdam 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Linklaters LLP 
1345 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10019 
United States 
Allens 
Level 37, 101 Collins Street 
Melbourne 3000 
Victoria 
Australia