--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023 
 
 
(incorporated as a société anonyme in France) 
Euro 6,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Due from one year from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), Cofiroute (the Issuer or 
Cofiroute), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the Notes). 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (CSSF) , as competent authority in Luxembourg under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. In line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the loi 
relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 16 July 2019, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment on the opportunity to invest in such Notes. This Base 
Prospectus is valid until 19 July 2024 and shall be completed by a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the event of significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange while this Base Prospectus is valid for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, which is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) (each such market being a Regulated Market). However, Notes issued pursuant to the Programme 
may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other market, including any Regulated Market in any member state of the European Economic 
Area (the EEA). The relevant final terms (the Final Terms) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether 
or not such Notes will be admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form (Materialised Notes), as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear 
France (Euroclear France) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (Clearstream) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in 
Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration 
agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case 
they will be inscribed in an accounts of the Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global 
Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date 
expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates 
issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes") upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") intended to be cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a 
Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, 
be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer (as defined below). 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) has assigned a long-term public issue credit rating of A- (stable) to the Issuer and a long-term public issue 
credit rating of A- to the Programme1. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes, whether Unsubordinated or Subordinated (all as 
defined in "General Description of the Programme"), will have such rating, if any, as is assigned to them by the relevant rating organisation as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned under the Programme. A rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered or certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the EU CRA Regulation), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is 
published on the ESMA's website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). As of the date of the Base Prospectus, S&P is 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
See "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
 
 
                                                          
 
1 According to S&P's rating system, an obligation rated "A" is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation is still strong. The addition of pluses and minuses provides further distinctions within the ratings range.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger 
NATIXIS 
 
Dealer 
NATIXIS 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 July 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time), constitutes a base prospectus 
for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation 2017/1129/EU dated 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) 
and contains or incorporates by reference all necessary information concerning the Issuer which is material 
to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial 
position, and prospects of the Issuer, as well as the terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme") not contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, 
redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue on the basis of the then prevailing market conditions and will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Permanent Dealers are to the persons listed above as Dealer and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment 
has not been terminated) and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any document and/or information 
which is or may be incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), (ii) any supplement thereto that may be 
published from time to time in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and (iii) in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Other than in relation to the documents incorporated by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in "General Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery 
of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in 
the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by reference 
have been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such information appears. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by the above sources, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such 
information. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, including any supplement thereto, and the offering or sale of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not 
represent that this Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance 
with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Note may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus (including any supplement thereto) nor any offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus and any supplement 
thereto comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer 
form, delivered, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the U.S Internal Revenue Code and the regulations 
thereunder). The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information or representations in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information 
incorporated by reference) (i) are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and (ii) should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including 
financial statements) should purchase the Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes should determine for itself 
the relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger has reviewed or undertakes to review the financial condition or financial affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "$", "USD" and "U.S. 
Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY", "Japanese yen" 
and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to "Swiss francs" or "CHF" are to the lawful 
currency of Switzerland. 
In this Base Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between totals and the sums of the amounts listed in 
such table are due to rounding. 
PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID 
II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to 
each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a 
manufacturer under the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination 
will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated 
entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................. 7 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................................... 14 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS ......................................................... 14 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ........................................................................................................................ 30 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 32 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ...................... 34 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................... 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................... 36 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES . 100 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................. 101 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................................................... 102 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY ............................................................................................................................... 116 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................... 117 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................... 120 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 142

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and should be read together 
with this Base Prospectus from which it is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 36 to 99 of this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended 
to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in " Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meaning in this 
general description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
Cofiroute 
LEI (Legal Entity 
Identifier): 
213800CP8292W9E8LJ69 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under 
the Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under Risk Factors relating to 
the Issuer and its operations below.  
There are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme including general risks relating to the 
Notes and risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes. These are set out 
under Risk Factors relating to the Notes below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of Notes (the Programme) 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Dealer: 
Natixis 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to Permanent 
Dealers are to the person listed above as Dealer and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as 
a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Euro 6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The amount of the Programme may be increased from time to time in accordance with the 
terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale" below).  
 
Fiscal Agent, 
Principal Paying 
Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation Agent 
and Calculation 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one year from the date of original issue. 
An extended maturity date may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of a Series of 
Notes in accordance with the applicable Conditions.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be 
issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such 
other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the 
Unsubordinated 
Notes: 
Unsubordinated notes (Unsubordinated Notes) will constitute direct, general, 
unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Status of the 
Subordinated Notes: 
Subordinated notes (Subordinated Notes) will be unsecured subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and pari 
passu with any other unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to 
any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer as set out in Condition 3(b) (Status of 
Subordinated Notes). 
 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the payment of interest in respect of 
Subordinated Notes without a specified maturity date (Undated Subordinated Notes) 
may be deferred in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(i)(Interest and Other 
Calculations). 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of Unsubordinated Notes as set out in Condition 
4 - (Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default  
(including cross 
default): 
There will be events of default, including cross-default, in respect of Unsubordinated 
Notes as set out in Condition 9(a) and limited events of default only in respect of 
Subordinated Notes as set out in Condition 9(b)– (Events of Default). 
Redemption 
Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts payable calculated on the 
basis as specified in the Conditions. 
Redemption by 
Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable in two or 
more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes 
may be redeemed. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such Notes 
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, as may be extended, at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption, in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above and "Residual Maturity Call Option", 
"Make-whole Redemption", "Loss of Concession", "Squeeze Out Option" below, the 
Notes (i) will, at the option of the Issuer, or shall, in some circumstances, be redeemable

--- Page 9 ---
9 
for taxation reasons (Condition 6(g)) and (ii) will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
for illegality (Condition 6(j)), in both cases prior to their maturity, as may be extended.  
See Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
Residual Maturity 
Call: 
In addition, unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and 
including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Make-whole 
Redemption: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, on any Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
prior to their Maturity Date, at the Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
Loss of Concession: 
If a Loss of Concession occurs which results in the cessation of all or a substantial part of 
the business or operations of the Issuer, the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, no later than thirty (30) calendar days 
following the receipt by the Concession Holder of the monetary compensation due under 
the terms of the relevant Concession Agreement. 
Squeeze Out 
Option: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if seventy-five (75) per 
cent. or more of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any Series (the 
Squeeze Out Amount) has been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem, at its option, all (but not some only) of the 
remaining Notes of that Series at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date, and where applicable, any Arrears of 
Interest. 
Redemption at the 
Option of 
Noteholders: 
If an Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Noteholder, redeem its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest. 
Redemption at the 
option of 
Noteholders 
following a Change 
of Control: 
If at any time while any of the Notes remain outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control 
and (only if, at the start of the Change of Control Period any of the Notes are rated by any 
Rating Agency) within the Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of 
that Change of Control occurs, the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior 
to the giving of a Put Event Notice by a Noteholder, the Issuer gives notice to the 
Noteholders of its intention to redeem the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of that Note. 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its method 
of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have 
a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of Interest" 
shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series on the basis 
and by reference to the fluctuating rate or benchmark (or any reference rate that might 
replace them) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the basis of the Conditions. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate specified in the

--- Page 10 ---
10 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an 
adjustment spread). 
Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series on the 
basis and by reference to a Fixed Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms minus a 
Floating Rate, specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Formula Rate 
Notes: 
Formula Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series on the basis 
and by reference to a Formula Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the 
basis of the Conditions. 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the 
Issuer or Noteholder(s) may elect to, convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will 
not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest and/or the principal 
in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference to an inflation index ratio derived 
from either: 
- 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques or the relevant successor index; or 
- 
the harmonized index of consumer price excluding tobacco, or the relevant 
successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat or the relevant 
successor index; or 
- 
the U.K. Retail Price Index (all items) published by the Office for National 
Statistics or the relevant successor index. 
Dual Currency 
Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, 
and based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Taxation: 
1. All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
2. If French law should require that payments of principal or interest (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest) in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future French taxes or 
duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) and to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Further Issues and 
Consolidation: 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) and 
form a single Series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights 
identical in all respects and that the terms of such further notes provide for such 
assimilation. 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of one or more together Series, 
whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, 
provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated 
in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in 
materialised form (Materialised Notes). 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form (Materialised Bearer Notes) only. 
A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Noteholders: 
Noteholders will be grouped automatically for the defence of their respective common 
interests in a masse (the Masse) governed by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce subject to certain exceptions and as supplemented by the provisions of the 
Conditions. The Masse will be a separate legal entity, and will be acting in part through a 
representative and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders which may be 
taken in a General Meeting or by way of a Written Resolution. 
Governing Law: 
French law.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, in relation 
to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or, as the case may be, the application form 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount. The Issue Price will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Settlement 
procedure of the 
Notes, including 
derivative Notes: 
Any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) issued under the Programme as 
Dematerialised Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) issued under the Programme as Materialised 
Bearer Notes will be represented initially upon issue by Temporary Global Certificates 
and will be accepted for clearance through Clearstream or Euroclear or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Any amount due and payable in respect of any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) 
issued under the Programme will be paid in cash. 
Approval -
Admission to 
trading and listing: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock 
exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to 
the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued. 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Method of 
Publication: 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the 
websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Issuer 
(www.vinci-autoroutes.com). The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). In addition, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market

--- Page 12 ---
12 
other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether 
additional methods of publication are required and describe any such methods.  
No offer to retail 
investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France and/or in any other Member 
State of the EEA and/or in the UK. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of offering material in 
various jurisdictions. See "Subscription and Sale". In connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche, additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be set 
out in the relevant supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
 
The Notes constitute Category 2 securities for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) and any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 as amended (the Code) section 4701(b) containing rules similar to those that 
currently apply under section 163(f)(2)(B) of the Code (the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant 
Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) of the Code and any successor regulation issued under section 
4701(b) of the Code containing rules similar to those that currently apply under section 
163(f)(2)(B) of the Code (the C Rules) or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other 
than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute registration required obligations under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
Rating: 
S&P has assigned a long-term public issue credit rating of A- (stable) to the Issuer and a 
long-term public issue credit rating of A- to the Programme. Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes, whether Unsubordinated or Subordinated, will 
have such rating, if any, as is assigned to them by the relevant rating organisation as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned under the Programme. 
The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (the ESMA) 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation ). As of the date of 
the Base Prospectus, S&P is established in the European Union and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union, and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in UK and registered UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will (as specified in the Final 
Terms) be applied by the Issuer either (i) to finance its general activities, or (ii) to finance 
or refinance, in part or in full, (a) eligible green projects, (b) eligible social projects, or (c) 
sustainability projects (being a combination of both green and social projects), as further 
described in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its operations are set out below and are assessed according to three levels 
of severity: critical risk, significant risk and moderate risk. In each category below the Issuer sets out first the most 
material risks, taking into account the probability of its occurrence and the expected magnitude of its negative impact. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme and are material for taking an informed investment decision. All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur.  
The inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur 
for other reasons than those identified in the statements below. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known 
to the Issuer or that it currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, investors should make their own assessment 
as to the risks associated with the Issuer prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme. 
    Type of risks 
Severity 
1.1 Operational risks 
  
Toll revenue risks  
Significant 
Labour unrest and damage or destruction of sections 
Moderate 
Construction risks 
Moderate 
Environmental risks 
Moderate 
 
1.2 Contractual and Legal risks 
  
Regulatory environment 
Significant 
French State termination and buy-out option 
Moderate 
Expiry of concession agreements, return of assets to the French State 
Moderate 
Legal risks 
Moderate 
1.3 Financial risks 
  
Liquidity risks 
Moderate 
Interest rate risks 
Moderate 
 
1.1 Operational risks 
Toll revenue risks 
i. 
Concentration of revenue sources 
98.5 per cent. of the sales turnover for the year ending 31 December 2022 (excluding revenue from construction work) 
of Cofiroute consists of toll revenues received under its two current concession agreements. These concession 
agreements consist of the Cofiroute Intercity Network concession agreement expiring in June 2034 (the Cofiroute 
Concession Agreement), and to a lesser extent the A86 Duplex Tunnel concession agreement expiring in December 
2086 (the A86 Concession Agreement, together with the Cofiroute Concession Agreement, the Concession 
Agreements).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Cofiroute is almost entirely dependent on the revenues generated by the Cofiroute Concession Agreement (95.3 per 
cent of toll revenue). This risk is, however, mitigated by the size of the Cofiroute network and the number of routes 
covered. 
Nevertheless, a deterioration in toll revenue may have a materially negative impact on the business, revenues, results 
of operation, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects of Cofiroute. 
ii. 
Change in traffic and toll receipts  
Toll receipts, which represent the majority of Cofiroute revenues, depend on the number of paying vehicles using the 
network, tariffs and the network’s ability to absorb traffic. 
Traffic volumes depend on a number of factors, including the quality, convenience and travel time of toll-free roads 
or toll motorways that are not part of the Cofiroute network, the economic climate and fuel prices in France, 
environmental legislation and administrative decisions (including measures to restrict mobility), new taxes levied on 
road infrastructure users, the existence of alternative modes of transport (in particular rail and air travel) and road 
users' resistance to tolls (which are linked to inflation). 
A decrease in traffic volumes would have a materially negative impact on the Cofiroute’s toll revenues. 
As an example, Cofiroute intercity network traffic variation in the five previous years are presented below: 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
+1.0% 
+1.5% 
-22.3% 
+21.5% 
+4.9% 
 
Tariffs and tariff increases are determined by the Cofiroute Concession Agreement and A86 Concession Agreement. 
Cofiroute can give no assurance that the tariffs it is authorised to charge will be sufficient to guarantee an adequate 
level of profitability.  
Moreover, any change in the toll collection technologies in France (such as in other European countries) may also 
result in additional costs to Cofiroute. 
Furthermore, databases linked to toll collection system could be exposed to cyberattacks. Cofiroute employs resources 
to ensure the security of its information systems and thereby preserve its operating performance. However, due in 
particular to the diversity of these attacks, it is not possible to estimate all the potential impacts. 
iii. 
Changes in the inflation rate  
Toll rate adjustments are based on annual changes in the French consumer price index (excluding tobacco). 
Accordingly, Cofiroute is exposed to the risk of a decline in the rate of inflation. A decrease in the inflation rate would 
result in lower toll rate increases, which could adversely affect the evolution of Cofiroute’s net operating cash flows. 
Conversely, an increase in the inflation rate would result in toll rate increases which could have an adverse effect on 
traffic. 
As an example, the inflation rates on which Cofiroute’s toll increases have been based in the five previous years are 
presented below: 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
1.03% 
1.94% 
0.60% 
0.00% 
6.33% 
 
iv. 
Traffic saturation on certain motorways 
Some parts of Cofiroute’s motorways may become saturated at certain peak periods of the year, especially in summer. 
Cofiroute is working with the French State and the relevant local authorities to identify solutions to reduce traffic to 
acceptable levels. For example, certain investments of the French government's stimulus plan relate to the widening 
of sections of the A10 motorway near Orleans and Tours, in order to reduce congestion. 
Saturation problems may not be resolved at an acceptable cost to Cofiroute, and/or continued saturation problems 
might eventually lead to new concessions being awarded to competitors, which would have a negative impact on the 
revenues of Cofiroute. 
 
v. 
Increased competition

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Cofiroute is exposed to competition from alternative road networks and also from alternative means of transport (in 
particular rail and air travel). 
 
Cofiroute’s network is in competition with several toll-free roads, in particular the RN12 from Paris to Brittany and 
the RN20, which is an alternative to the A10 and A71 motorways.  
 
French transport policy currently focuses on restoring the balance among the various modes of transport. Efforts are 
being made to limit traffic by heavy goods vehicles by encouraging freight back onto rail, with the target of at least 
doubling rail freight in the next ten years. At a European level, the European Commission’s 2001 White Paper targets 
the rebalancing of modes of transport by 2030 and by 2050. This less ambitious goal takes into account the fact that 
only a small proportion of freight is currently carried by rail, and that road shipping still remains the main means of 
transport over short distances, where alternative means of transport do not yet match with the current needs of the 
economy. 
 
Increased competition in the future may have a negative impact on the business, revenues, results of operation, cash 
flows, financial conditions and prospects of Cofiroute. 
 
Labour unrest and damage or destruction of sections of Cofiroute’s motorways  
 
Like all motorway concessionaires, Cofiroute faces potential risks from labour unrest, natural disasters such as 
earthquakes, flooding, landslides or subsidence, collapse or destruction of sections of motorway or the spillage of 
hazardous substances. The occurrence of any such events could lead to a significant decline in toll revenues from 
Cofiroute’s motorways or a significant increase in expenditures for the operation, maintenance or repair of the 
Cofiroute network. Although Cofiroute carries all necessary risk and accident insurance, policies may not cover all of 
the incremental costs resulting from damage to the network. Cofiroute does not carry business interruption insurance 
covering the loss of toll receipts as a result of strike action or blockages of toll booths by protestors or as a result of 
accidents. 
 
Construction risks 
Pursuant to Programme Plans, Stimulus Plan and Motorway Investment Plan, Cofiroute realizes additional 
investments on existing motorways. These investments are to adapt and modernize infrastructure, mainly to cope with 
most recent environmental standards, needs for local network access or increasing traffic. They include animal 
bridges, road-widening, interchanges construction, toll plazas and rest and service area extensions. Cofiroute also 
invests in infrastructure maintenance to repair damage due to high traffic and infrastructure ageing and to comply with 
new technical standards. 
 
Such large-scale construction projects expose Cofiroute to the risk of shortages of materials or labour, higher material 
or labour costs, general factors affecting economic activity and the credit market, business failures by contractors or 
subcontractors, work stoppage due to administrative decision, bad weather or unforeseen engineering or 
environmental problems. The occurrence of any of these risks may have a negative adverse impact on Cofiroute. 
 
In-service network investments amounted to €193 million in 2022 . 
 
Environmental risks 
Cofiroute must comply with increasingly numerous and restrictive environnemtal, health and safety laws and 
regulations. Cofiroute therefore incurs, and will continue to incur, costs to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 
In particular, Cofiroute must comply with regulations covering noise pollution, water protection, air quality and 
atmospheric pollution, waste prevention, greenhouse gas emissions, protection of sites of archaeological interest, 
national parks, nature reserves, classified sites, "Natura 2000" sites (conservation areas for the protection of natural 
habitats and rare species of plants and animals), forest fire prevention and waste disposal. Cofiroute may be subject 
to stricter laws and regulations in the future, thereby incurring higher compliance costs. In the case of an accident or 
damage to the environment, Cofiroute may be subject to personal injury or property damage claims or legal 
proceedings for harm to natural resources. The business or profitability may be adversely affected if Cofiroute is 
unable to cover environmental protection costs or costs arising from its partial liability for any accidents. 
Cofiroute complies with all applicable environmental regulations and standards and has set up a quality control system 
covering its activities in building, operation and maintenance. Formal design and management standards as well as 
guidelines have been issued, spanning all aspects of the business. All of Cofiroute’s construction, maintenance and

--- Page 17 ---
17 
operating activities relating to the motorway network (including tunnels) are subject to an integrated management 
system and have been certified ISO 9001 since 2004, ISO 14001 since 2009 and ISO 45001 since 2019.  
 
Respect for the environment is a central priority for Cofiroute, which aims to continuously improve its environmental 
performance and prevent pollution. Environmental initiatives are coordinated centrally and monitored regularly using 
performance indicators. In partnership with all stakeholders, including nature preservation associations, Cofiroute acts 
to implement appropriate solutions on the issues of noise, water, air quality, greenhouse gas emissions and 
biodiversity. Preservation of natural resources, energy savings and optimisation of waste management in the operating 
centres and on the Cofiroute network are also priorities.  
The occurrence of an accident or any failure by Cofiroute to comply with environmental, health and safety regulations 
may adversely affect Cofiroute's operating results and reputation, which in turn could have a material adverse effect 
on its business and financial conditions. 
1.2 Contractual and legal risks 
Regulatory environment 
Cofiroute operates in a highly regulated environment and its results are influenced by government toll road policies. 
As in all highly regulated industries, regulatory changes may affect Cofiroute’s business. 
 In the event of a change in technical regulations related directly to the concession that could impair the equilibrium 
of concession operations, Cofiroute and the French State will negociate compensatory measures under concession 
regulatory environment. Cofiroute can give no assurance that such negociations would cover the entire cost of any 
losses that Cofiroute may suffer.  
The concessionaire is liable for all current and future taxes relating to the concession. Under the terms of the 
Concession Agreements, in the event of a change in tax rules relating to motorways or the introduction of new taxes 
on motorway operators during the life of the relevant concession agreement that may change the financial balance of 
the relevant concession, the French State and the concessionaire will enter into negotiations to mutually agree on any 
compensatory measures to be taken to ensure that economic and financial conditions remain unchanged. 
French State termination and buy-out option 
 
From 31 December 2027, the French State will have the right to buy back the Cofiroute intercity concession, on 1 
January of each year, subject to giving one year’s notice. 
 
If the buy back option is exercised, the concessionaire will be entitled to compensation corresponding to annual 
payments based on revenues minus operating, maintenance and renewal expenses over the remaining term of the 
relevant concession and a sum of normative net book value (based on a linear depreciation over 15 years) of the last 
15 years investments before the year in which the buyback is completed (See paragraph 1.4 entitled "State buyback 
option" in the Description of the Issuer section). 
 
From the 31 December 2031, the French State will have the right to terminate the Cofiroute intercity Concession 
Agreement when Cofiroute reaches a cap on return based on the cumulative evolution of its operating income since 
2006. 
In addition, the French State may terminate the Cofiroute Concession Agreement due to a serious breach of Cofiroute's 
contractual obligations (except in case of force majeure). In this case, the concession would be awarded to a new 
operator under a competitive bidding process and Cofiroute would receive the bid price paid by the new concessionaire 
(See paragraph 1.4 entitled "Termination for default" in the Description of the Issuer section). 
 
However, the bid price may not cover all of Cofiroute’s liabilities. Moreover, if no operator were found, Cofiroute 
would be entitled to no compensation.  
 
Expiry of Concession Agreements, return of assets to the French State 
 
Substantially all of Cofiroute's revenues are derived from operations under the Concession Agreements. When the 
Concession Agreements expire, Cofiroute will be required to surrender substantially all of the related assets in good 
condition to the French State, without compensation.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Legal risks 
As part of the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer is subject to a number of administrative proceedings and civil 
actions relating to the construction, operation and management of the Issuer’s network. 
 
Although Cofiroute has property and casualty and liability insurance, these policies might not adequately cover the 
total amount of claims related to the construction, maintenance or operation of the motorways, bridges and tunnels in 
the network. 
1.3 Financial risks 
Liquidity risks  
 
Cofiroute’s exposure to liquidity risk relates to its obligations on existing debt and to finance future working capital 
needs, capital expenditure and general purposes. If Cofiroute is unable to access the capital markets or other sources 
of finance, it could have a materially negative impact on Cofiroute’s business. 
 
At 31 December 2022, Cofiroute’s net financial debt was €3,351.4 million. The repayment schedule of the long-term 
financial debt (€3,297.7 million) is as follows: 
 
 
 
For its financing needs, Cofiroute will have recourse mainly to the bond market and the banking system. 
 
At 31 December 2022, Cofiroute had a net cash of €-1.5 million, including the drawing on revolving credit facility 
with VINCI for €50.0 million.  
 
Taking into account the unused revolving credit facility with VINCI (€1,050.0 million) and the net cash, Cofiroute’s 
liquidity position at 31 December 2022 was €1 billion. 
 
The revolving credit facility with VINCI will mature in November 2023. 
 
Cofiroute’s financing agreements (bonds, bank loans and credit facilities) do not include financial covenants that may 
trigger default event.  
 
The EIB (European Investment Bank) loan contracts provide a rating clause under which, if Cofiroute is downgraded, 
the parties shall consult each other in order to provide the lender with sufficient information to assess the situation. 
Following such consultation, the EIB is authorised to request the provision of guarantees or collateral in its favour. If 
Cofiroute fails to satisfy this request within a reasonable time, the EIB may require an early redemption of the loans. 
Since the execution of the loans mentioned above, the Issuer has been downgraded. The EIB after having considered 
Cofiroute's situation following such downgrade, has not requested the provision of guarantees or collateral.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Cofiroute has the following financial ratings from Standard & Poor’s:  
• long term: A - 
• outlook: stable 
• short-term: A-2 
 
Any downgrading of Cofiroute’s debt rating could increase costs on new financing and have a negative impact on the 
Cofiroute’s ability to obtain financing. 
 
Interest rate risk 
 
Due to the level of its net financial debt, Cofiroute may be affected by the evolution of the euro zone interest rates. 
Cofiroute intends to preserve and optimise its financial results on a long term basis by implementing an interest rate 
hedging policy based on a targeted allocation of net financial debt between fixed rate, capped rate, inflation linked 
rate and floating rate depending on the level of leverage measured by the net financial debt/EBITDA2 ratio. The 
Treasury Committee of Cofiroute, which comprises the VINCI Executive Vice President and CFO, the VINCI 
Autoroutes CFO and the VINCI group Treasurer and which meets regularly, follows the interest rate exposure of 
Cofiroute and implements the hedging policy. In connection with this policy, Cofiroute implements some hedging 
instruments in the form of interest rate swaps or options for which the start date may differ. 
 
As at 31 December 2022, 35 per cent of Cofiroute’s long-term financial debt after hedging was at a fixed rate and 65 
per cent was at a floating rate. 
 
Any increase in interest rates would increase Cofiroute's finance costs on existing floating rate debt and new financing, 
then could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition. 
 
2. Risk factors relating to the Notes 
The following paragraphs describe some risk factors that are specific and material to the Notes to be admitted to 
trading in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. They 
should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular Series of 
Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances.  
In each category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Terms used but not defined in this section will have the meaning given to them in the section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes". 
2.1. 
Risks related to all Series of Notes  
2.1.1. 
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured, unsubordinated 
or subordinated obligations of the Issuer as described in Condition 3 (Status), benefiting from no direct recourse to 
any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the 
Notes. The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as may be impacted by the risks 
related to the Issuer). If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholders could 
be significant because: (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, 
(ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
                                                          
 
2 Cash flows from/(used in) operations before tax and financing costs

--- Page 20 ---
20 
2.1.2. 
French Insolvency Law 
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency law applies to the Issuer.  
In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency 
laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive 
restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of 
procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has 
been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance amends 
French insolvency law notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency 
proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the 
Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be 
formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of 
interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any 
other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden : (i) by a cram down inside their class if grouped with 
other creditors; or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between classes. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, no 
quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory 
insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances.  
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have a material adverse impact on the market 
value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, could 
substantially and adversely impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should 
they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
2.1.3. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) provides that the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse and a General Meeting of 
Noteholders can be held or a Written Resolution (each as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)) 
can be taken (together, the Collective Decisions). This Condition permits defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and did not vote at the relevant General Meeting 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, 
a Written Resolution. While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Conditions will need to be amended by 
way of such a Collective Decision, if such a Collective Decision were to be taken, it is possible that a majority of 
Noteholders could adopt a decision that would modify the Conditions in a way that could impair or limit the rights of 
the Noteholders. However, the likelihood of a majority of Noteholders adopting a decision that would have a 
significant adverse effect on the Noteholders should not be overplayed.  
2.2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Series of Notes may carry varying 
risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the provisions for 
computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. Set out below is a description of the 
most common of such features. 
2.2.1. 
Early redemption risks

--- Page 21 ---
21 
2.2.1.1 
An early redemption could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less than 
anticipated 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the country of domicile (or residence for tax 
purposes) by the Issuer, or on behalf of France, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may, and in some circumstances must, redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such law, becoming effective 
after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to comply or perform with one or more of its obligations 
under the Notes, the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions.  
In addition, if in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option in certain other circumstances (Condition 6(d)(i) (Call Option), (ii) (Residual 
Maturity Call Option), (iii) (Make-whole Redemption) and Condition 6(l) (Squeeze-Out Option) and Condition 6(m) 
(Loss of Concession)), the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be 
relatively low. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a 
market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  
As a consequence of early redemption, the yield anticipated by the Noteholders could be considerably less than 
anticipated and Noteholders could lose part of their investment as the Notes may have been trading above par. In 
addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only 
in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes.  
2.2.1.2 
A partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or redemption at the option of the Noteholders may 
affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(d)(iii) or the Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer provided in Condition 6(d)(i) are exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of such options by the Issuer in 
respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not 
exercised and may have a direct and negative impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at the 
option of the Noteholders is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not 
exercised may become illiquid, which depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and negative impact 
on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. 
2.2.2. 
Interest rate risks 
2.2.2.1 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may change 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which 
bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the 
value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and potentially decrease the yield. As a consequence, part of the capital invested 
by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive 
the total amount of the capital invested. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant 
risk to the market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to sell his Notes on the secondary market. 
2.2.2.2 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes or 
Formula Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) and Condition 5(d) (Formula Rate Notes) allow 
respectively for Floating Rate Notes and Formula Rate Notes to be issued. A key difference between Floating Rate 
Notes or Formula Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes or Formula Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of 
Floating Rate Notes or Formula Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot 
be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Conditions provide for frequent 
interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors

--- Page 22 ---
22 
may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. It is difficult to 
anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the 
yield of Floating Rate Notes or Formula Rate Notes and give rise to investment risk. In addition, the Issuer’s ability 
to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate 
Notes or the Formula Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
 
Investments in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added 
or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the 
life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. 
Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to 
market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes 
upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it 
could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference 
rate and the relevant margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant Interest 
Amount be less than zero. 
 
Investments in Notes which bear interest at a formula rate comprise two floating rates to be added, subtracted, 
multiplied or divided, as the case may be. Accordingly, the market value of such Formula Rate Notes may be volatile 
if changes to the floating rates can only be reflected in the interest of the Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of 
the relevant floating rate. Such Formula Rate Notes are not a suitable investment for investors who require regular 
fixed income payments because the Interest Amounts are variable. In no event will the relevant Interest Amounts be 
less than zero. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable 
on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a 
reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
2.2.2.3 
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) and where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating 
Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or Inverse Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, specify that the Rate of 
Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to a reference rate that constitutes a "benchmark" for the 
purpose of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) published in the Official Journal 
of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applied since 1 January 2018.  
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or 
wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement 
for certain benchmarks on the European Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being 
limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no 
fallback provisions or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. In 
addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The 
European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. There are 
therefore still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark", in particular: 
 
- 
if the administrator of the relevant benchmark does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-
EU jurisdiction, such administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional

--- Page 23 ---
23 
provisions do not apply, the relevant benchmark may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity in certain 
ways; and 
 
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the relevant "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmarks"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in certain "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". Any of the above changes or any 
other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to such 
benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (please 
refer to the risk factor entitled "Occurrence of a Benchmark Event" below). However, such fallback provisions may 
be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained 
above. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Conditions, this may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period 
for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
 
2.2.2.4 
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
 
In case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) provides 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate 
(such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, CMS Rate or any mid-
swap rate, but shall exclude €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA and SARON (each as defined below)), and/or any page on 
which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying 
Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest 
could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)), with 
or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be 
applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), 
and may include amendments to the Conditions to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders.  
 
The Successor Rates or Alternative Rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly their general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. 
This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected 
performance of the relevant benchmark. 
 
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, other 
fallbacks rules may be used, which consist in the rate of interest for such Interest Period to be based on the rate which 
applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period, as set out in the risk factor above entitled "Regulation and 
reform of "benchmarks"". This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could affect 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" or could have

--- Page 24 ---
24 
a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes linked to or referencing 
a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could 
have unexpected consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may 
not be favourable to each Noteholder and the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion 
of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
 
2.2.2.5 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) allows for 
Notes referencing the Euro short term rate (€STR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rates (SOFR), the Tokyo overnight average (TONA) or the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
(SARON) to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
TONA and SARON as reference rates in the capital markets for euro, sterling, U.S. dollar bonds, Japanese Yen or 
Swiss Franc, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not 
only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. The 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set 
out in the Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus (see Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked 
Notes)). The Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON in a way that 
differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by the Issuer 
referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON. 
 
The nascent development of the use of €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON as interest reference rates for bond 
markets, as well as continued development of €STR-, SONIA-, SOFR-, TONA- or SARON-based rates for such 
markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility 
or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Programme 
from time to time. 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk free rates in other markets, such as the loan and derivatives 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the 
bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
 
In particular, several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes issued to date. It may be that no 
particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain 
widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring 
alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-
free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a 
designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free 
rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk free rates to reliably estimate 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
 
Due to the uncertainties surrounding such risk free rates, Noteholders investing in Notes referencing such risk free 
rates may be adversely affected and may, as a result, lose part of their investment.  
 
2.2.2.6 
The market value of Inverse Floating Rate Notes may be more volatile than that of Floating Rate 
Notes based on the same reference rate 
Condition 5(c)(iv) (Rate of Interest for Inverse Floating Rate Notes) allows for Inverse Floating Rate Notes to be 
issued. Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed base rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate. The market value of such Notes typically is more volatile than the market value of Floating Rate Notes based on

--- Page 25 ---
25 
the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because 
an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in 
prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes and investors could lose part 
of their investment in the Notes. 
2.2.2.7 
Risks related to the conversion on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Condition 5(e) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes initially bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer or, if there is a single Noteholder of a 
Series, the Noteholder or, in the case of more than one Noteholder of a Series, all the Noteholders acting together 
pursuant to a Collective Decision may elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, in each case on the date set out in the Final Terms. The conversion (whether automatic or optional) of the 
interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the conversion may lead to a 
lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate is 
converted to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to anticipate 
market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should also refer to the risk factor relating to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes. 
2.2.2.8 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Condition 5(c)(v) (Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes) allows for Inflation Linked Notes to be issued. Inflation 
Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or interest payments 
but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the performance of an inflation index, 
which will be either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the 
CPI) as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques 
(INSEE), (ii) the harmonized index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the HICP) or (iii) the U.K. Retail Price Index (the RPI) published by the Office for National 
Statistics (the ONS) or the relevant successor index (each an Inflation Index and together, the Inflation Indices). If 
the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant 
index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest 
payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Potential investors in Inflation Linked 
Notes should be aware that (i) they may receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of interest and (ii) they 
may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is 
below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed at par. 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked Notes can be volatile 
investments. If they are structured to include multipliers, an exponent, or caps and or floors, or any combination of 
those features, as provided for in Condition 5(j), their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities 
that do not include those features. Due to the uncertainties surrounding Inflation Indices, Noteholders investing in 
Inflation Linked Notes may be adversely affected and may, as a result, lose part of their investment. 
2.2.2.9 
Dual Currency Notes 
Condition 5(g) (Dual Currency Notes) allows for Dual Currency Notes to be issued. The Issuer may issue Notes with 
interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. 
An investment in Dual Currency Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with similar investments in a 
conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. These risks include, among other things, that: 
 
● the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
● payment of interest may occur in a different currency than expected; and 
● the investors may be exposed to movements in currency exchange rates.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
If one or more of the abovementioned risks materialises, investors could lose all or part of their investment in the 
Notes and the Notes may become illiquid. 
2.2.2.10 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than 
on conventional interest-bearing Notes 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of Notes issued at a substantial 
discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for conventional interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. It is 
difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on 
the market value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could be 
exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing Notes. 
2.2.2.11 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(f) (Zero Coupon Notes) allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. Changes in market interest rates have 
a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the 
discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer 
higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero 
Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market 
conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders 
of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than to prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of comparable maturities. 
2.2.2.12 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or an exponent imply a higher volatility 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers, an exponent, 
or caps and/or floors, or any combination of those features, their market values may be even more volatile than those 
for securities that do not include those features and as a consequence investors could lose all or part of their investment 
in the Notes. 
2.2.3. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
As provided under Condition 9(b) (Subordinated Notes), the events of default applicable to Subordinated Notes are 
limited, which means there is no right of acceleration of the Subordinated Notes in the case of non-payment of 
principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes or of the Issuer’s failure to perform any of its obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes. Payment of principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be accelerated only if any 
judgment shall be issued in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer. As a result of the above, the value 
of the Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be negatively affected. In addition, holders of Subordinated 
Notes would receive payments on any outstanding Subordinated Notes only after senior Noteholders and other senior 
creditors have been repaid in full, if and to the extent that there is still cash available for those payments. Thus, holders 
of Subordinated Notes generally face a higher performance risk than holders of senior Notes and there is a real risk 
that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment. 
In particular, with respect to Undated Subordinated Notes, the payment of interest relating to such Notes may be 
deferred in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(i) (Deferral of Interest). Any deferral of interest payments 
will likely have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Undated Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a 
result of the interest deferral provision of the Undated Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Undated 
Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which original issue 
discount or interest accrues that are not subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse 
changes in the Issuer's financial condition. 
2.2.4. 
Risks related to green, social and/or sustainability Notes 
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche 
of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of

--- Page 27 ---
27 
those Notes to finance or refinance, in part or in full existing (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects, or 
(iii) eligible sustainability projects (being a combination of both eligible green and eligible social projects), as further 
described in the relevant Final Terms relating to the green, social and sustainability Notes and any relevant framework 
on the Issuer website on or before the issue of such Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the green, social or sustainability Notes in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the related projects may not be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such 
proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for the such mentioned projects, and such projects may not be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not 
constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the Issuer for any purpose. 
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission proposed a regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond Standard (the 
EU Green Bond Standard). The standard will use the definitions of green economic activities in the Taxonomy 
Regulation (as defined below) to define what is considered to be a green investment. On 1 March 2023, it was reported 
that a provisional political agreement was reached concerning the final text for the regulation. The agreement still 
needs to be confirmed and adopted by the European Council and the European Parliament. It will start applying 12 
months after its entry into force. The Notes issued under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for the Issuer 
to be entitled to use the designation of "European green bond" or "EuGB" nor is the Issuer under any obligation to 
take steps to have any such Notes become eligible for such designation. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, 
a "green" or a "social" or an equivalently-labelled project and such a clear definition or consensus may not develop 
over time. In addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time, and, as such, the use of the 
proceeds of such Notes may not meet any or all Noteholders expectations regarding such "green" or "social" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established 
in the EU with the adoption by the Council and the European Parliament on 18 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the Taxonomy Regulation). The 
Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies 
and investors with a common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally 
sustainable. The European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the 
technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing 
substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic 
activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. 
The technical criteria refer to environmental regulations or standards of which a good knowledge will be essential to 
evaluate the "alignment" (or conformity) of an activity. In some cases, the verification of the alignment of an activity 
can be done by the competent national authorities or independent authorities or independent certifiers.  
Such a European Commission Delegated Regulation was completed by the European Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022, which entered into force on 1 January 2023 and includes under strict 
conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the Taxonomy 
Regulation. However, the Taxonomy Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulations mentioned above remain 
subject to further developments with regard to other specific economic activities. 
Until all the technical screening criteria for the objectives of the EU Taxonomy have been finalised, the eligible 
projects may not satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Taxonomy 
at any time.  
Any opinion or certification by a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any green, social or sustainability Notes and in particular with any project to fulfil any 
environmental, and/or other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the 
value and marketability of the green, social or sustainability Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for 
Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. For the avoidance of 
doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the green, social or 
sustainability Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
2.3. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
2.3.1. 
Market Value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the credit rating and a number of 
additional factors, including the value of the reference assets or an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility 
of the reference assets or an index, or the dividend on the securities taken up in the index, market interest and yield 
rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term debt of the 
Issuer is rated A- (stable) by S&P. However, if the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a 
significant adverse impact on the Noteholders and as a result (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, in particular in the event of a 
credit rating downgrade, and (iii) Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
The value of the Notes, the reference assets or the index depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally 
and the stock exchanges on which the Notes, the reference assets, the securities taken up in the index, or the index are 
traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which 
could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser and result in losing part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
2.3.2. 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with 
and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer.  
Although in relation to Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or any other Regulated Market in the EEA, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with the CSSF in 
Luxembourg and/or with the competent authority of the Regulated Market of the EEA where the Notes will be 
admitted to trading, which, in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange shall be the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such filings may not be accepted, 
any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted or an active trading market may not develop. Accordingly, 
there may be no development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. The absence of 
liquidity may have a significant material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and 
competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
In addition,.certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a 
more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their anticipated 
yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders could lose all or part 
of their investment in the Notes. 
2.3.3. 
Currency Risk 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the 
Notes in the Specified Currency, as specified in the Final Terms. An investment in the Notes may involve exchange 
rate risks. The reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the 
purchaser’s home jurisdiction; and/or the reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than 
the currency in which a purchaser wishes to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies are determined by 
factors of supply and demand in the international currency markets which are influenced by macro economic factors, 
speculation and central bank and government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and 
restrictions). Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the value of the Notes or 
the reference assets. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder 
whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 29 ---
29

--- Page 30 ---
30 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
Independent Review and Advice  
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice as 
it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, 
objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable 
to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing 
in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its 
determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Credit ratings of the Issuer 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The credit ratings of the Issuer are 
an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. In addition, the credit rating agencies may change their methodologies for rating securities with features similar 
to the Notes in the future. This may include the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior securities and 
ratings assigned to securities with features similar to the Notes, sometimes called "notching". The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether or not such credit ratings are (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union, and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and registered UK CRA Regulation 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is published on the ESMA's website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). As of the date of the Base Prospectus, S&P is established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Each of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or their respective affiliates may deal with and engage generally in any kind of commercial 
or investment banking or other business with any issuer of the securities taken up in an index, their respective affiliates or 
any guarantor or any other person or entities having obligations relating to any issuer of the securities taken up in an index 
or their respective affiliates or any guarantor in the same manner as if any index-linked Notes issued under the Programme 
did not exist, regardless of whether any such action might have an adverse effect on an issuer of the securities taken up in 
the index, any of their respective affiliates or any guarantor. However, none of the Issuer, or any legal entity belonging to 
the Group, provides, nor contributes to any index which would constitute an underlying to any index-linked notes issued 
under the Programme. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives.  
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders 
(including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and 
judgements that such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount 
receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" includes also parent companies. 
Green, social or sustainability Notes  
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the green, social or sustainability Notes to fulfil environmental 
criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the 
eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the green, social or sustainability Notes meet the eligibility criteria, or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website or any third-party opinion, none of which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for the 
Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation 
of the potential investor.  
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign financial 
institution" may be required to withhold U.S. tax on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that 
fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. Under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, however, 
such withholding on foreign passthru payments will not apply to payments made before the date that is two years after the 
date on which applicable final regulations that define foreign passthru payments are published. Further, obligations, such 
as the Notes, issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which applicable final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are filed generally would be “grandfathered” unless they are characterised as equity for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes or they are materially modified after such date. As of the date hereof, no such regulations have 
been issued. A number of jurisdictions (including France) have entered into intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Foreign 
financial institutions in a jurisdiction which has entered into an IGA are generally not expected to be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing a IGA) from payments that they make. 
While the Notes are held within Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, in all but the most remote circumstances, it is 
not expected that FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by such clearing system. However, FATCA may 
affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate Noteholder 
if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It also may 
affect payment to any ultimate Noteholder that is a financial institution that is not entitled to receive payments free of 
withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate Noteholder that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary 
from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for 
the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. Noteholders should choose the custodians or intermediaries with 
care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian 
or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian or 
intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application remains uncertain at this time. Noteholders should consult their own 
tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no additional amounts will be payable to 
compensate for the withheld amount.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus 
and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated in by reference, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the free English translation of the Issuer's annual financial report 2022 which includes the audited IFRS 
individual annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, together 
with the explanatory notes and the free English language translation of auditors' report with respect thereto (the 
2022 
Financial 
Report) 
(https://corporate.vinci-autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2023-
02/COF_Cofiroute_RFA2022_EN_VMEL.pdf); 
(b) 
the free English translation of the Issuer's annual financial report 2021 which includes the audited IFRS 
individual annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, together 
with the explanatory notes and the free English language translation of auditors' report with respect thereto (the 
2021 
Financial 
Report) 
(https://corporate.vinci-autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2022-
02/COF2021_RFA_EN_VMELbis.pdf); 
(c) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the following base prospectuses relating to the Programme: 
(i) Base Prospectus dated 11 August 2016 (the 2016 EMTN Conditions): https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2017-02/cofiroute_-_base_prospectus_-
_version_finale_11.08.16.pdf,  
(ii) Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2017 (the 2017 EMTN Conditions): https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2017-
07/Cofiroute%20_Base%20Prospectus%20dated%205%20July%202017.pdf 
(iii) Base Prospectus dated 17 July 2019 (the 2019 EMTN Conditions: https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2019-07/Cofiroute%20-%20EMTN%202019%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2017%20July%202019_0.pdf, and together with the 2016 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions and the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the EMTN Previous 
Conditions).  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the CSSF 
in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in 
any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office of the 
Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agent and will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Issuer (www.vinci-autoroutes.com). French language versions of the 2021 
Financial Report and the 2022 Financial Report are available on the website of the Issuer (www.vinci-autoroutes.com). 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables below is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Such information is either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the websites 
to which this Base Prospectus (including for the avoidance of doubt any information on the websites which appear in the 
documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Cross-reference lists in respect of the 2022 Financial Report and the 2021 Financial Report  
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
(Annex 7 of the EU Delegated Regulation 2019/980) 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Reference Document 
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions in the issuer of the 
members of the administrative, management and supervisory 
bodies, and an indication of the principal activities performed 
by them outside the issuer where there are significant with 
respect to the issuer 
2022 Financial Report 
23-24 
 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER’S 
ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Reference Document 
11.1 English language translation of the Audited Historical 
Financial Information 
2022 Financial 
Report 
(page) 
2021 Financial 
Report 
(page) 
Balance sheet 
28-29 
28-29 
Income statement 
26 
26 
Comprehensive income statement 
27 
27 
Cash flow statement 
30 
30 
Statement of changes in equity 
31 
31 
Notes to the IFRS individual financial statements 
32-62 
32-61 
Free English translation of the report of the statutory Auditors 
63 
62 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
2022 Financial 
Report 
2021 Financial 
Report 
11.2.1. A statement that the historical financial information has been 
audited.  
63 
62 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the EMTN Previous Conditions 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 25 to 61 of the Base Prospectus dated 11 August 
2016 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 25 to 61 of the Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2017 
 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 28 to 70 of the Base Prospectus dated 17 July 
2019

--- Page 34 ---
34 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
Cofiroute  
1973 boulevard de la Défense 
92000 Nanterre 
France 
 
Duly represented by: 
Frédéric Vautier, Directeur Financier de Vinci Autoroutes

--- Page 35 ---
35 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, 
the Issuer will prepare and make available, on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.vinci-autoroutes.com) and (b) the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base 
Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, and shall supply each Dealer with 
such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the 
Notes, and shall supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 19 July 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the Conditions) that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which is being 
admitted to a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in 
this Base Prospectus. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the Conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and 
subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) these Conditions as so completed or 
supplemented, shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions 
to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Cofiroute (the Issuer) with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 19 July 
2023 entered into between the Issuer and BNP Paribas as Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent (the Agency Agreement). The fiscal agent, the paying agent, the 
redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Calculation Agent(s). References below to "Conditions" are, 
unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Regulated Market means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area (EEA) as defined in MiFID II and as listed on the website of European Securities and Markets 
Authority (https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_upreg). 
1. 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form 
(Materialised Notes). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and 
R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) by 
book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier)) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear France) (acting 
as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder 
in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
Registration Agent). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary the 
following identification information of the holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur): the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and 
mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each 
of them and any restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Account Holder means any intermediary institution entitled 
to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (Clearstream).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only (Materialised Bearer Notes). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (each, a Coupon) and, where 
appropriate, a talon (a Talon) attached save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
 
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), securities (such as the Notes) which are governed 
by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme as Materialised Bearer Notes will be represented initially 
upon issue by Temporary Global Certificates and will be accepted for clearance through 
Clearstream or Euroclear or any other relevant clearing system. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, Formula 
Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Zero Coupon 
Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing. 
Any amount due and payable in respect of any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) issued under the 
Programme will be paid in cash. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the Specified Denomination(s)) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes), shall 
pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for 
so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, holder of Notes or holder of any Note, or Noteholder means (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes 
and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note 
and the Receipts, Coupons (Receiptholder and Couponholder being construed accordingly), or 
Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and on or after the date on which 
the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
(as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the EC), as amended from time 
to time (the Treaty)), or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either 
case, EMU), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust 
the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective 
shall be referred to in these Conditions as the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting 
from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency 
Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the 
Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall 
be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being 
rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in 
the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues and Consolidation), without the consent of the holder of 
any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to this Condition or Condition 
13 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business 
day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual 
basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket 
debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such 
changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré),

--- Page 39 ---
39 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R. 211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may be either unsubordinated (Unsubordinated Notes) or subordinated 
(Subordinated Notes). 
(a) 
Status of Unsubordinated Notes 
The Unsubordinated Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, general, 
unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably 
with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
Subordination 
Subordinated Notes (which term shall include both Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity 
date (Dated Subordinated Notes) and Subordinated Notes without a specified maturity date 
(Undated Subordinated Notes)) are unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari passu with any other 
unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to any prêts participatifs granted 
to the Issuer. If any judgement is rendered by any competent court declaring the transfer of the 
whole of its business (cession totale de l’entreprise) or the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of 
the holders of Subordinated Notes shall be subordinated to the payment in full of unsubordinated 
creditors and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of Subordinated Notes shall be paid in 
priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of 
unsubordinated creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes 
will be terminated. The holders of Subordinated Notes shall take all steps necessary for the orderly 
accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation. 
(ii) 
Dated Subordinated Notes 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 3(b)(i) shall also apply to the Coupons 
relating to Dated Subordinated Notes, payments of interest relating to Dated Subordinated Notes 
constitute obligations which rank equally with the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
Unsubordinated Notes issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 3(a). 
(iii) 
Undated Subordinated Notes 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 3(b)(i) shall also apply to the Coupons 
relating to Undated Subordinated Notes, payments of interest relating to Undated Subordinated 
Notes constitute obligations which rank equally with the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
Unsubordinated Notes issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 3(a) and may be deferred 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(i) (Deferral of Interest). 
The use of the proceeds of issues of Undated Subordinated Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding, 
the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest (sûreté réelle) 
upon the whole or any part of its assets, present or future, to secure any present or future Relevant Indebtedness (as defined 
below) incurred or guaranteed by it (whether before or after the issue of the Unsubordinated Notes) unless the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Unsubordinated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are equally and rateably secured therewith. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Limited-recourse Borrowings means any indebtedness for borrowed money, in the form of, or represented by, bonds or 
notes (Indebtedness) incurred by the Issuer to finance the ownership, acquisition, development, operation and/or 
maintenance of an asset or project in respect of which the person (or persons) to whom any such Indebtedness is or may be 
owed by the Issuer has (or have) no recourse to the Issuer for the repayment thereof other than: 
(a) 
recourse to the Issuer for amounts not exceeding an amount equal to the cash flow from, or the value 
of, such asset or project; and/or 
(b) 
recourse to the Issuer for the purpose of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of such Indebtedness 
in an enforcement of any security interest given by the Issuer over such asset or rights under, or in 
respect of, such project (or the income, cash flow or other proceeds deriving therefrom) to secure such 
Indebtedness; and/or 
(c) 
recourse to the Issuer under any form of assurance, undertaking or support, which is limited to a claim 
for damages for breach of an obligation (not being a payment obligation or an indemnity in respect 
thereof, which, for the avoidance of doubt, would fall to be considered under sub-paragraph (i) above) 
by the Issuer. 
outstanding means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed 
in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption 
monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such 
date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the 
relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7 (a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7 (a) and (iii) in the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment 
against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons and/or Receipts, as the case may be, (c) those 
which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and 
cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the 
purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status 
for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of 
which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent 
that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
Relevant Indebtedness means any indebtedness for borrowed money, represented by bonds or notes (obligations) which 
are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading or ordinarily traded in on any stock exchange, 
over-the-counter-market or other securities market, and which does not constitute Limited-recourse Borrowings. 
This Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) shall not apply to Subordinated Notes. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
2006 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a T2 Business Day and/or; 
(ii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for that currency and/or; 
(iii) 
in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the Business Centre(s)), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual-ISDA, Act/Act or Act/Act-ISDA is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual-ICMA or Act/Act-ICMA is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case where: 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date, and  
Determination Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365 F is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(iv) 
if Actual/360, Act/360 or A/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[(360 x Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30 
 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[(360 x Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
 
(vii) 
if 30E/360-ISDA is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[(360 x Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
360
1
360
1
360
1

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Effective Date means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted or 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
specified (or determined on this basis of the information that is specified) in the relevant Final Terms and 
calculated on the basis of the Conditions. 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate (which, 
if EURIBOR is the relevant Reference Rate, shall be the Euro-zone).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Reference Rate means the reference rates set out in the relevant Final Terms among EURIBOR, CDOR, 
CMS Rate, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA and SARON (or, in the event of the disappearance of the 
relevant rate, any reference rate which is substituted for or is the successor of the relevant reference rate). 
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the relevant Reference Rate is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-
zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
Relevant Rate means the Reference Rate for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a 
period (if applicable or appropriate to the Reference Rate) equal to the Specified Duration commencing 
on the Effective Date. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, Bloomberg, Reuters Markets 3000 (Reuters) and Telerate) as may 
be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or 
other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in each case 
as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the Specified Currency in the inter-bank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose 
local time means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11.00 a.m., 
Brussels time. 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with 
a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the time. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii). 
T2 Business Day means a day on which the T2 System is operating. 
T2 System means the Eurosystem's real-time gross settlement system (known as T2) which utilises a 
single shared platform or any successor thereto. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, 
the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to an Interest Payment 
Date and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 45 ---
45 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes:  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note, Inverse Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked 
Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the 
relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an 
"unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application 
of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to Screen Rate Determination shall apply. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be, subject as provided below in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance 
with the following (and in the following order): 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Relevant Screen Page, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Relevant Screen Page 
is a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity) or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant 
Rates appear on that Relevant Screen Page,

--- Page 46 ---
46 
in each case appearing on such Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(i) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies 
and fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and 
(c) 
 
(i) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and, if the Relevant Rate is an inter-bank 
offered rate, the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two Reference 
Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the 
nearest equivalent to the Reference Rate) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in 
the Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the Principal Financial 
Centre) are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such 
banks would customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the 
Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading 
banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks 
in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal 
Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting 
to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination 
Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate 
Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period); and 
(ii) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and, in the case of a Relevant Rate other than 
an inter-bank offered rate, for any reason, the Relevant Rate is no longer 
published or if fewer than two quotations are provided to the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the above paragraph, the Relevant Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner.  
(d) 
When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as specified 
in the Final Terms (the SONIA Rate of Interest Determination), in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA Lookback Compound (non 
Index Determination), SONIA Shift Compound (non Index Determination), or 
SONIA Compound (Index Determination) as follows: 
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as

--- Page 47 ---
47 
provided below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(z) 
if SONIA Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be SONIA-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(d): 
SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the Reference Rate 
for the calculation of interest is the SONIA) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the Interest Accrual Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such London 
Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day 
(i+1); 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such period is specified, five (5) London 
Banking Days; 
SONIA, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a Reference Rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
SONIAi-pLBD, means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect of the London

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i". 
SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the Reference Rate 
for the calculation of interest is the SONIA) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such London 
Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day 
(i+1); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of 
London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
Observation Shift Days means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
SONIA in respect of any London Banking Day, is equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; 
and 
SONIAi for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
is equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i".

--- Page 49 ---
49 
SONIA-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a compounded average 
interest investment (it being understood that the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest is the SONIA) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on each Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of the such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of 
London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
Observation Shift Days means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
SONIA Compounded Indexx means the SONIA Compounded Index value 
on the day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first date of such Interest Accrual 
Period; 
SONIA Compounded Indexy means the SONIA Compounded Index value 
on the day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date); 
SONIA in respect of any London Banking Day, is equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; 
and 
SONIA Compounded Index in relation to any London Banking Day shall 
be the SONIA Compounded Index value provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time), and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors. 
In the event that the SONIA Compounded Index value originally published 
by the administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time) on any 
London Banking Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected value is

--- Page 50 ---
50 
published by the administrator of SONIA on the original date of publication, 
then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally published, 
shall be deemed the SONIA Compounded Index value. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant Screen Page 
on any Sonia Compounded Index determination date, the “SONIA-
COMPOUND” shall be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with 
respect to an Interest Accrual Period in accordance with “SONIA-SHIFT-
COMPOUND” and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean the 
number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, in respect of a London Banking Day "i-pLBD" or "i", as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines that the SONIA 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which a SONIA has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only 
of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate 
(the SONIA Replacement Rate); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day 
on which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or, if 
more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any 
rate that is to replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so 
long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 51 ---
51 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including 
any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
(e) 
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in the 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the SOFR rate of interest determination, as 
specified in the Final Terms (the SOFR Rate of Interest Determination), in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, 
SOFR Lockout Compound, SOFR Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift Compound 
or SOFR Index Average, as follow: 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or 
minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), where the SOFR rate 
on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from 
(and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest 
Payment Date (excluded); 
(y) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(z) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(xx) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(yy) 
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate if Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in 
the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e):

--- Page 52 ---
52 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines 
on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of 
all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to 
time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable; and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Programme or the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Calculation Agent, no SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be adopted 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) and the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement will be the SOFR determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the U.S. Govermnent Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
d0, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is a 
SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified in 
the Final Terms; 
SOFR Interest Reset Date means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that 
the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from 
and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be 
the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the Reference Rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
d0, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
before each Interest Payment Date; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Back Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such period is 
specified, five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i". 
USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the Reference Rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
d0, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the 
first date in such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the number 
of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling 
in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i". 
USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE means the rate of return of a compounded 
average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the Reference Rate for 
the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows,

--- Page 55 ---
55 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (a 
SOFR Index Determination Date). 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual 
Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date). 
dc means the number of calendar days from (and including) the SOFR 
IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (iii) below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any 
relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred, the "USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" shall be calculated on any 
Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, in 
accordance with "USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" and the term 
"Observation Shift Days" shall mean two U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days. If a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in the 
definition of "SOFR" below shall apply. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e): 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published by the New York 
Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in 
paragraph (i) above, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
SOFR Index means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or 
such successor administrator’s) Website. 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (iii) of the definition of "SOFR" that can be determined 
by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer decide may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer decide that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine that 
no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer determine is reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
New York Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website means the website of the New York 
Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the New York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR. 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto. 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f) 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment (with the €STR as the Reference Rate for the calculation of interest) plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for 
such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended 
Rate.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term until the maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), (i) 
the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each T2 Business 
Day in the Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, 
the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the Observation Period on or after 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date shall be determined as if references were 
references to the latest published €STR (though substituting, in each case, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(f): 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
do for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer 
to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for 
the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the 
Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the national central 
banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank; 
EDFR Spread means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the 
first T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurred; or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business 
Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
€STR means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
banks located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 
9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline 
at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 
Business Day immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
€STRi-pTBD means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling "p" T2 
Business Days prior to the relevant T2 Business Day "i"; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to 
the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the 
Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
ni for any T2 Business Day "i" is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant T2 Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following T2 Business in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Observation Period means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation 
Period shall begin on and include the date falling "p" T2 Business Days prior 
to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" T2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such 
Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" T2 Business Day prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(g) 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the TONA as the Reference Rate for the calculation of 
interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(g): 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
do is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
ni means, for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from and 
including such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following Tokyo 
Banking Day ("i+1"); and 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Tokyo Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Tokyo Banking Day or TBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Tokyo; 
TONA, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is equal to the daily Tokyo 
OverNight Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as published by the 
Bank of Japan on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is

--- Page 63 ---
63 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the Tokyo 
Banking Day immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. 
TONAi-pTBD, means for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling "p" Tokyo 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Tokyo Banking Day "i". 
If, in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day falling "p" Tokyo Banking Days prior to 
the relevant Tokyo Banking Day "i", the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) determines that the TONA is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first preceding Tokyo Banking Day 
on which the TONA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in 
relation to TONA, Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) below shall apply. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(h) 
When SARON is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SARON as the Reference Rate for the calculation of 
interest), plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for

--- Page 64 ---
64 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(h): 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking 
Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni for any Zurich Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Zurich Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following Zurich 
Banking Day ("i+1"); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
SARON means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the Administrator of SARON 
on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on such Zurich banking Day; 
SARONi for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is 
equal to SARON in respect of that day "i". 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the SARON Screen 
Page) at the Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and a SARON 
Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both 
occurred on or prior to the Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day, the 
SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate equal to the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website for the first preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SARON Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Index Cessation Event and 
a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
a. 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON 
shall be the rate equal to the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for

--- Page 65 ---
65 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended 
Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
b. 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON 
shall be the rate equal to the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the SNB 
Policy Rate) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the SARON Replacement 
Rate) will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
SARON Administrator means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
SARON Administrator Website means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date means the earliest of: 
a. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clause a. of the definition thereof, the date on which the 
SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; 
b. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clause b.(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the 
date of such statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, specified in 
such statement or publication as the date on which the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight will no longer be representative, and (iii) if a SARON 
Index Cessation Event described in clause b.(y) of the definition 
thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in 
subclauses (i) and (ii) of this clause b., the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; and 
c. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clause b.(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
SARON Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
a. 
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing 
or confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or 
b. 
public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will as 
of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain date, which 
statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not 
necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and derivatives; 
SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread means, with respect to any 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be 
positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a 
spread, 
a. 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied 
to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed 
income securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the Reference Rate for 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
b. 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a 
spread, formula or methodology as described in clause a. above, to be 
applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight with such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for 
purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for fixed income securities with respect to which such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON 
as the Reference Rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate 
of interest thereon; 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by 
any working group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a 
similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference 
Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, 
considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any 
such working group or committee, the SARON Recommending Body); 
SIX Swiss Exchange means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor 
thereto; and 
SNB Adjustment Spread means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate 
for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, taking into account the historical median between the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period 
ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred 
(or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date 
on which the first of such events occurred). 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Relevant Screen Page" 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the Relevant Rate, one of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity were the period of time (for which rates are 
available) next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time 
(for which rates are available) next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
(B) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component 
part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not apply to Floating 
Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON.  
(a) 
Independent Adviser  
 
 The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(c)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d)).  
 
 An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) shall act 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the 
absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B).  
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Independent Adviser determines, in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, that:  
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(c)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)); or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate

--- Page 68 ---
68 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)).  
(c) 
Adjustment Spread  
If the Independent Adviser determines, in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest 
(or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) and the Independent Adviser 
determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (A) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or 
Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the relevant terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice and each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread and such related changes and adjustments pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d).  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
(e) 
Notices, etc.  
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, or such other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as applicable), the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) 
and the Noteholders and, where applicable, Couponholders and Receiptholders.  
(f) 
Fallbacks  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the 
Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such 
Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) will continue to apply to such 
determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to 
the application of the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), on one 
or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), will continue to apply).  
(g) 
Definitions  
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B):  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:  
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where 
(a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the 
case may be, the Successor Rate); or  
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or 
the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate.  
Alternative Rate means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes.  
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:  
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(b) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it is no longer representative, or will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market it purports to measure as of a certain 
date, and that such representativeness will not be restored; 
(c) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (c)(i) on which the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate will cease to publish the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely;  
(d) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (e)(i) on which the Original Reference Rate will be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued;  
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months;  
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful 
for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Regulation (EU) 2016/2011, as 
amended (the Benchmarks Regulation), if applicable);  
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator 
previously authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been 
adopted; or 
(i) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the methodology for calculating the 
Original Reference Rate (i) has changed materially, or (ii) will change 
materially.  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(a) (which 
may be one of the Dealers, involved in the issue of the Notes and/or the Calculation 
Agent).  
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.  
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or  
(ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a 
Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser shall determine which 
of those successor or replacement rates is the most appropriate, taking into 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and 
the nature of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inverse Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, shall be equal to the Fixed Rate specified in 
the relevant Final Terms minus the Floating Rate, specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Fixed 
Rate or Floating Rate, as applicable, and the respective amounts of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with the provisions applying to Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, 
as applicable. 
(v) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes 
applicable to each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined according to the method indicated 
below. 
(A) 
Consumer Price Index  
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the INSEE) (the CPI) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 5(c)(v)(A) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out 
below only when this Condition 5(c)(v)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the CPI 
Linked Interest) applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final 
Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an Interest 
Determination Date) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(A), the Inflation Index Ratio or IIR is 
the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may 
be and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Base 
Reference). Notwithstanding Condition 5(i)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index means (i) in relation to the first day of any 
given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceeding such 
month, and (ii) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceeding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceeding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
Erreur ! 
Signet 
non 
défini.
 
With: 
NDM: actual number of days in the relevant month M; 
D: actual day of payment in the relevant month M; 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2: price index of month M - 2; 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iv), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up) 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR<GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in 
the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French 
Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
CPI Monthly Reference Index refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. 
The calculation method described in this Condition is based on the recommendation 
issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire - 
www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper entitled "Inflation Indexed Notes" 
(Obligations et autres instruments de taux d'intérêts en euro, Normes et usages des 
marchés de capitaux - Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l'inflation). In the 
case of any conflict between this calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the French Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
(b) 
 
(i) If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly 
Reference Index would be published under the heading "indice de 
substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
released, it would automatically apply from the day following its release 
to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(
)
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
2
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
x
M
ND
1
D
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
−
−
−
−
+
−

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute 
index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published 
figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M – 1  ×  
 
(ii) In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index at any time while any 
of the Notes are still outstanding, then for the purpose of calculating the relevant 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes, the value of the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index following such change in base shall be determined in 
accordance with the methodology published by INSEE. In the event that no 
such methodology is published, then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
calculation as it, in its reasonable discretion, deems appropriate to determine 
the relevant CPI Monthly Reference Index. 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices 
Where the harmonised index of consumer price (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat 
(the HICP) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(v)(B) 
shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this 
Condition 5(c)(v)(B) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the HICP 
Linked Interest) applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final 
Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an Interest 
Determination Date) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(B), the Inflation Index Ratio or IIR is 
the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may 
be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
(as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Base Reference). Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iv), the IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index means (i) in relation to the first day of any 
given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceeding 
such month, and (ii) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceeding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceeding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
Erreur ! Signet non défini. 
 
12
1
13
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
 
1
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
 






(
)
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
2
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
x
M
ND
1
D
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
−
−
−
−
+
−

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Where: 
NDM: actual number of days in the relevant month M; 
D: actual day of payment in the relevant month M; 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2: price index of month M - 2; 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iv), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on 
the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. 
and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
HICP Monthly Reference Index refers to the harmonised index of consumer prices 
(excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced 
from time to time as provided herein. The first publication or announcement of a 
level of such index for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions 
to the level for such month will not be used in any calculations.  
(b) 
 
(i) If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply from 
the day following its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute 
index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published 
figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM= 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1  ×  
 
(ii) In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index at any time while 
any of the Notes are still outstanding, then for the purpose of calculating the 
relevant Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes, the value of the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index following such change in base shall be determined in 
accordance with the methodology published by Eurostat. In the event that no 
such methodology is published, then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
calculation as it, in its reasonable discretion, deems appropriate to determine 
the relevant HICP Monthly Reference Index. 
(C) 
U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI)  
12
1
13
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
 
1
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
 









--- Page 75 ---
75 
(a) 
Where RPI (as defined below) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 5(c)(v)(C) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings 
set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(v)(C) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the RPI (the 
RPI Linked Interest) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
Base Index Figure means (subject to Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)) the base index figure 
as specified in the relevant Final terms; 
Index or Index Figure means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b), the 
U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI) (for all items) published by the Office for National 
Statistics (January 1987 = 100) or any comparable index which may replace the 
U.K. Retail Price Index for the purpose of calculating the amount payable on 
repayment of the Reference Gilt (the RPI). Any reference to the Index Figure which 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as: 
(i) applicable to a particular month, shall, subject as provided in Conditions 
5(c)(v)(C)(b) and 5(c)(v)(C)(c), be construed as a reference to the Index Figure 
published in the seventh month prior to that particular month and relating to the 
month before that of publication; or 
(ii) applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, subject as provided in 
Conditions 5(c)(v)(C)(b) and 5(c)(v)(C)(c), be construed as a reference to the 
Index Figure published in the second month prior to that particular month and 
relating to the month before that of publication; or 
(iii) applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided in 
Conditions 5(c)(v)(C)(b) and 5(c)(v)(C)(c), be calculated by linear 
interpolation between (x) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar day 
of the month in which the day falls, calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) 
above and (y) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar day of the month 
following, calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) above and rounded to 
the nearest fifth decimal place. 
Inflation Index Ratio applicable to any month or date, as the case may be, means 
the Index Figure applicable to such month or date, as the case may be, divided by 
the Base Index Figure and, notwithstanding Condition 5(j), rounded to the nearest 
fifth decimal place; 
Limited Index Ratio means (a) in respect of any month or date, as the case may be, 
prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Inflation Index Ratio for that month or date, as 
the case may be, (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Date after the relevant 
Issue Date, the product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month or date, as 
the case may be, and the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of 
the month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto; and (c) in respect 
of any other month, the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of 
the most recent Limited Indexation Month; 
Limited Indexation Date means any date falling during the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
Limited Indexation Factor means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month or 
Limited Indexation Date, as the case may be, the ratio of the Index Figure applicable 
to that month or date, as the case may be, divided by the index Figure applicable to 
the month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto, provided that (a) 
if such ratio is greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum Indexation Factor and

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(b) if such ratio is less than the Minimum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant 
Final terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Minimum Indexation Factor; 
Limited Indexation Month means any month specified in the relevant Final terms 
for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
Limited Index Linked Instruments means Inflation Linked Notes to which a 
Maximum Indexation Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) applies; and 
Reference Gilt means the Treasury Stock specified as such in the relevant Final 
terms for so long as such stock is in issue, and thereafter such issue of index-linked 
Treasury Stock determined to be appropriate by a gilt-edged market maker or other 
adviser selected by the Issuer (an Indexation Advisor). 
The RPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio or Limited Index 
Ratio in the case of Limited Index Linked Instruments applicable to the month or 
date, as the case may be, on which such payment falls to be made. 
(b) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed by 
the substitution of a new base therefor, then with effect from the month from 
and including that in which such substitution takes effect or the first date from 
and including that on which such substitution takes effect, as the case may be, 
(1) the definition of Index and Index Figure in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(a) shall be 
deemed to refer to the new date or month in substitution for January 1987 (or, 
as the case may be, to such other date or month as may have been substituted 
therefor), and (2) the new Base Index Figure shall be the product of the existing 
Base Index Figure and the Index Figure for the date on which such substitution 
takes effect, divided by the Index Figure for the date immediately preceding the 
date on which such substitution takes effect. 
(ii) Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of Index 
Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure which is normally published in the 
seventh month and which relates to the eighth month (the relevant month) 
before the month in which a payment is due to be made is not published on or 
before the fourteenth business day before the date on which such payment is 
due (the date for payment), the Index Figure applicable to the month in which 
the date for payment falls shall be (1) such substitute index figure (if any) as 
the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) considers to have 
been published by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office for the Bank 
of England, as the case may be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on 
the Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one or more issues of 
index-linked Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation Advisor (and approved 
by the Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Advisor)) or (2) if 
no such determination is made by such Indexation Advisor within seven days, 
the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index figure last 
determined pursuant to Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(i)) before the date for 
payment). 
(iii) Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (ii) and/or (iii) of the definition 
of Index Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure relating to any month (the 
calculation month) which is required to be taken into account for the purposes 
of the determination of the Index Figure for any date is not published on or 
before the fourteenth business day before the date on which such payment is 
due (the date for payment), the Index Figure applicable for the relevant 
calculation month shall be (1) such substitute index figure (if any) as the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) considers to have been 
published by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office or the Bank of 
England, as the case may be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on the 
Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one or more issues of index-
linked Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation Advisor (and approved by the 
Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Advisor)) or (2) if no such 
determination is made by such Indexation Advisor within seven days, the Index 
Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index figure last determined 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(i)) before the date for payment). 
(c) 
Application of Changes 
Where the provisions of Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(ii) or (iii) apply, the determination 
of the Indexation Advisor as to the Index Figure applicable to the month in which 
the date for payment falls or the date for payment, as the case may be, shall be 
conclusive and binding. If, an Index Figure having been applied pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(ii)(2) or Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(iii)(2), the Index Figure 
relating to the relevant month or relevant calculation month, as the case may be, is 
subsequently published while any Inflation Linked Notes are still outstanding, then: 
(i) in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such Inflation 
Linked Notes other than upon final redemption of such Inflation Linked Notes, 
the principal or interest (as the case may be) next payable after the date of such 
subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced, as the case may be, by an 
amount equal to the shortfall or excess, as the case may be, of the amount of 
the relevant payment made on the basis of the Index Figure applicable by virtue 
of Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(ii) or Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(iii)(2) below or above 
the amount of the relevant payment that would have been due if the Index 
Figure subsequently published had been published on or before the fourteenth 
business day before the date for payment; and 
(ii) in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no 
subsequent adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(d) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index 
(i) If (1) the Issuer has been notified by the Calculation Agent that the Index has 
ceased to be published or (2) any change is made to the coverage or the basic 
calculation of the Index which constitutes a fundamental change which would, 
in the reasonable opinion of the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the 
Issuer) be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Issuer, or the Indexation 
Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer), be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders, the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the 
Issuer) shall make for the purpose of the Inflation Linked Notes one or more 
adjustments to the Index or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) 
with the intention that the same should leave the Issuer and the Noteholders in 
no better and no worse position than they would have been had the Index not 
ceased to be published or the relevant fundamental change not been made. 
(ii) The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index as determined by 
the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer), and references in 
these Conditions to the Index and to any Index Figure shall be deemed amended 
in such manner as the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) 
deem are appropriate to give effect to such adjustment or replacement. Such 
amendments shall be effective from the date of such notification and binding 
upon the Issuer and the Noteholders, and the Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of such amendments as 
promptly as practicable following such notification.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(d) 
Formula Rate Notes: Formula Rate Notes are Notes for which a Formula Rate (as specified in the Final 
Terms) applies. A Formula Rate may consist of adding, substracting, multiplying or dividing two Floating 
Rates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis 
(the Change of Interest Basis) is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the Switch Date) 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election 
to change the interest basis (the Issuer Change of Interest Basis) will be deemed effective upon 
receipt of a valid notification sent by the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), to 
the relevant Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the single Noteholder, if all the Notes are held by a single Noteholder, or, in the case of more 
than one Noteholder, the Representative (as defined in Condition 11, acting on behalf of all the 
Noteholders following a Collective Decision (as defined in Condition 11(a)) (Representation of 
Noteholders — Legal Personality)), may elect to convert the Interest Rate of all (but not some 
only) of the Notes from the Floating Rate of Interest to the Fixed Rate (as defined below) for 
each subsequent Interest Period (the Conversion Option), by notice to the Issuer and to the 
Fiscal Agent within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. The exercise of the 
Conversion Option is irrevocable; or 
(iii) 
the rate at which the Notes bear interest will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the Automatic Change of Interest Basis) 
on the date set out in the Final Terms (the Automatic Switch Date). 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon and is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such 
a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described 
in Condition 6(f)(i)). 
(g) 
Dual Currency Notes: The Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes with interest 
payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. In such a case, the relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant currency(ies) in which 
interest is/are payable and the applicable Rate(s) of Exchange. 
(h) 
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 
(Interest and other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
(i) 
Deferral of interest: If deferral of interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of Undated 
Subordinated Notes, interest shall be payable on each Compulsory Interest Payment Date (as defined 
below) in respect of the interest accrued in the Interest Period ending on the day immediately preceding 
such date. On any Optional Interest Payment Date (as defined below) there may be paid (if the Issuer so 
elects) the interest accrued in the Interest Period ending on the day immediately preceding such date but 
the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment. Notice of any Optional Interest Payment 
Date shall (for so long as the rules of, or applicable to, any Regulated Market so require) be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and to the relevant Regulated Market. Such notice 
shall be given at least seven (7) calendar days prior to the relevant Optional Interest Payment Date(s). 
Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest Payment Date shall, so long as the same remains unpaid, 
constitute Arrears of Interest which term shall include interest on such unpaid interest as referred to 
below. Arrears of Interest may, at the option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at any time upon 
the expiration of not less than seven (7) calendar days’ notice to such effect given to the Noteholders in

--- Page 79 ---
79 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) but all Arrears of Interest on all Undated Subordinated Notes 
outstanding shall become due in full on whichever is the earliest of: 
(i) 
the next Interest Payment Date if such Interest Payment Date is a Compulsory Interest Payment 
Date or,  
(ii) 
the date on which any Undated Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed partially or in full 
(otherwise than at the option of the Noteholders) in accordance with their terms and conditions or, 
(iii) 
(a) a judgement rendered by any competent court declaring the transfer of the whole of the business 
(cession totale de l’entreprise) or the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or 
(b) the liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason. 
If notice is given by the Issuer of its intention to pay the whole or part of Arrears of Interest, the Issuer 
shall be obliged to do so upon the expiration of such notice. When Arrears of Interest are paid in part, 
each such payment shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of the full amount of the Arrears of Interest 
accrued in respect of the earliest Interest Period in respect of which Arrears of Interest have accrued and 
have not been paid in full. Arrears of Interest shall (to the extent permitted by law) bear interest accruing 
(but only, in accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Civil Code (Code civil), after such interest has 
been due for a period of at least one year) and compounding on the basis of the exact number of days 
which have elapsed at the prevailing rate of interest on the Undated Subordinated Notes in respect of each 
relevant Interest Period. For these purposes the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Compulsory Interest Payment Date means any Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer has (i) 
declared or paid any dividend (final or interim) of any nature (whether in cash, shares or any other form 
and including, any interim dividend (acompte sur dividende) on any Share Capital Securities, (ii) 
redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired any Share Capital Securities by any means other than in 
connection with the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under any existing or future benefit plan, 
share option plan or free share allocation scheme reserved for directors, officers or employees of the 
Issuer or (iii) at its election, redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired any Parity Securities (other 
than Notes). 
Optional Interest Payment Date means any Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, other than a 
Compulsory Interest Payment Date. 
Parity Securities means any subordinated obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves and with the Subordinated Notes. 
Share Capital Securities means (a) any ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b) any 
other class of the Issuer’s share capital (including preference shares (actions de préférence, including 
actions à dividendes prioritaires sans droit de vote), or other priority shares (actions de priorité)) issued 
by the Issuer. 
(j) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts, 
Rate Multipliers and/or Exponent and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin and/or Rate Multiplier and/or Exponent is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying 
by such Rate Multiplier or applying such Exponent, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. For the avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of 
Interest" shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(k) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the 
Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or 
be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(l) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: As soon as 
practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such 
rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
or Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination 
or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, or Early Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable 
to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, 
or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment 
Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(m) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall 
at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required by the Conditions) with 
offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them 
in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge)). If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to 
act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the 
Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation 
Agent (acting through its principal office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules

--- Page 81 ---
81 
of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended in accordance with the paragraph below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the 
Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided in these Conditions, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within 
Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
If an extended maturity date (the Extended Maturity Date) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to that effect 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Noteholders, not pay whole or part of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such payment of an 
unpaid amount will be deferred and may be paid in whole or in part by the Issuer on any Specified Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, but shall in any event 
be due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date. Interest from the Maturity Date and up to the Extended 
Maturity Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, will accrue on any unpaid amount during 
such extended period and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and 
cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or the relevant Instalment 
Date (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant Final Terms) is extended in accordance with the 
paragraph below, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if 
such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, 
such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due 
date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in 
which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount. 
If an extended instalment date (the Extended Instalment Date) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to that 
effect to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), not pay whole or part of the 
Instalment Amount on the Instalment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such payment of an 
unpaid amount will be deferred and may be paid in whole or in part by the Issuer on any Specified Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the Extended Instalment Date, but shall in any 
event be due and payable on the Extended Instalment Date. Interest on the Instalment Amount from the 
Instalment Date and up to the Extended Instalment Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will accrue on any unpaid amount on such Instalment Amount during such extended period and be 
payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Instalment Date in accordance with 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(c) 
Final Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for calculating the 
Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the following basis: 
(i) 
Where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount =  IIR × nominal amount of the Notes

--- Page 82 ---
82 
IIR being for the purpose of this Condition 6(c) the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before the 
Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP 
Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where the RPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index Ratio, as the case may be, (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)) × outstanding nominal amount of the Notes. 
(iii) 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out in Conditions 6(c)(i) and 6(c)(ii) above is 
below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
(i) 
Call Option 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) to the Noteholders, redeem in relation to all, or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on 
any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as set out in Condition 6(f)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest), if any. Any such redemption 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount 
to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(ii) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on 
(and including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(iii) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to 
time, prior to their Maturity Date (the Make-whole Redemption Date). Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be made at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
Make-whole Redemption Amount means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or any 
other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments

--- Page 83 ---
83 
of principal and interest on such Notes up to and including the Maturity Date or, if the Residual 
Maturity Call Option is applicable, the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (excluding any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) 
discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any interest accrued 
on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date.  
Make-whole Redemption Margin means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Make-whole Redemption Rate means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European 
Time (CET)) (Reference Dealer Quotation) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Reference Dealers means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent (or any other 
party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of 
selection of such banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Reference Screen Rate means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
Reference Security means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day 
preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent (or any 
other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes.  
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices).  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for 
calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(iv) 
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to 
be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion 
to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable 
to, such Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption 
of the Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such Stock Exchange 
so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (ii) in a leading 
newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes 
are admitted to trading is located, which in the case of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If an Investor Put 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Issuer 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount (as set out in 
Condition 6(f)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption including, where 
applicable, any Arrears of Interest. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office during 
usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form obtained 
during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within 
the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, have attached to it such 
Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes 
to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so 
exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer.  
(f) 
Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(j) or upon becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) or 6(m), or the Optional 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) or 6(e) in respect of such Notes, as 
the case may be, shall be the amortised nominal amount (the Amortised Nominal 
Amount) (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue 
price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(j) or upon becoming due and payable as

--- Page 85 ---
85 
provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default), or the Optional Redemption Amount 
pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) or 6(e) in respect of such Notes, is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall 
have effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due 
and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after 
as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after 
the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest 
that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(g). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(A) If the relevant Final Terms provide that Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) shall apply in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6(g) or 6(j) or upon becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events 
of Default) or 6(m), or the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) or 6(e) 
in respect of such Notes, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent (or 
any other party responsible for calculating the Early Redemption Amount and/or the Optional 
Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the following basis:  
(i) 
Where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Early Redemption Amount =  IIR × nominal amount of the Notes 
Or, as the case may be: 
Optional Redemption Amount =  IIR × nominal amount of the Notes 
IIR being for the purpose of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set 
for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) if 
HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where the RPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Early Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index Ratio, as the 
case may be, (as defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)) × outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes 
will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, together 
with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued interest will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for calculating the 
Early Redemption Amount and/or the Optional Redemption Amount, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) in respect of the period from, and including the immediately 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum

--- Page 86 ---
86 
on the basis of the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv) above except that, for such purposes 
the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
6(g) or 6(j) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default) or 6(m) shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest). 
(B) 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
6(d)(i) or 6(e) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Optional Redemption Amount = Y x Specified Denomination 
Where: 
Y means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next 
payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment 
without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Conditions 8(a) and 8(b) below, the 
Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any Arrears of Interest) provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be prevented 
by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the 
full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts 
contained in Conditions 8(a) and 8(b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such 
fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of 
Interest) on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such 
notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such 
notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen 
(14) calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment 
of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons or, if that 
date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
applicable laws and/or regulations. Any Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, or cancelled. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
cancelled, (i) in case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, (ii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering to the 
Fiscal Agent the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed or purchased by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-
issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than 
forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest). 
(k) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control: If at any time while any of 
the Notes remain outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of Control Period 
a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (a Put Event), each Noteholder will 
have the option (the Put Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined below), 
the Issuer has given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of its intention to redeem the Notes (which notice 
shall be irrevocable)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of 
that Note on the Optional Settlement Date (as defined below) at an amount equal to 101% of its principal 
amount together with accrued interest to but excluding the Optional Settlement Date. 
Control, in respect of any entity, means: 
(i) 
the holding or acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or persons acting in concert or any 
person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the Relevant Person(s)) of (A) more 
than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of such entity; or (B) such number of shares 
in the capital of such entity carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of such entity; or (C) a number of shares in the ordinary share 
capital of such entity carrying at least 40 per cent. of the voting rights exercisable at general 
meetings of such entity and no other shareholder of such entity, directly or indirectly, acting alone 
or in concert with others, holds a number of shares carrying a percentage of the voting rights 
exercisable in such general meetings which is higher than the percentage of voting rights attached 
to the number of shares held by such Relevant Person(s) or;  
(ii) 
whether by the ownership of share capital or the possession of voting power, contract or otherwise 
the ability, directly or indirectly, of any Relevant Person(s) to appoint or dismiss all or the majority 
of the members of the Conseil d’administration or other governing or supervisory body of such 
entity. 
A Change of Control in respect of the Issuer shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or 
not approved by the Issuer) that any Relevant Person(s), at any time following the Issue Date of the Notes 
acquire(s) Control of the Issuer provided that a Change of Control in respect of the Issuer shall be deemed 
not to have occurred in the case of a Change of Control in respect of the Issuer involving any Relevant 
Person(s) which at the time of such Change of Control are under the Control of VINCI S.A. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of (i) the date of 
the First Formal Change of Control Announcement and (ii) the date of the earliest relevant Potential 
Change of Control Announcement (if any) and ending ninety (90) calendar days after the date of the First

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Formal Change of Control Announcement (the Initial Longstop Date), provided that unless any other 
Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its 
rating of the Notes, if one or more Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time within a period starting 
on the date which is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial 
Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Notes under consideration for rating review as a 
consequence of such Change of Control, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which 
falls sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the first such public rating review consideration 
announcement. 
First Formal Change of Control Announcement means the first of any formal public announcement 
of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control in respect of the Issuer. 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto relating to any potential Change of Control in 
respect of the Issuer, such announcement or statement occurring no more than a hundred and eighty (180) 
calendar days prior to the First Formal Change of Control Announcement. 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and its successors or affiliates and/ or any 
other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer which 
has a current rating of the Notes at any relevant time. 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control in respect of 
the Issuer if within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to any of the Notes by 
any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their 
respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their 
respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (iii) if the rating previously assigned to any of the 
Notes by any Rating Agency was below an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered at least 
one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or their respective equivalents), provided that a Rating 
Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control in respect of the Issuer if the Rating Agency making 
the change in rating does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result, in 
whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, such 
Change of Control.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a 
Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the Put Option contained in this Condition 6(k). 
To exercise the Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under this 
Condition 6(k), the holder of that Note must (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes transfer or cause to 
be transferred by its Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Paying 
Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, deposit its Notes with any Paying Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the 
Issuer, in each case within the period (the Put Period) of forty-five (45) calendar days after the Put Event 
Notice is given together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Option Notice) and in 
which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(k). 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of 
which the Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer or deposit 
of such Notes as described above on the date which is the fifth Business Day (as defined in Condition 
5(a)) following the end of the Put Period (the Optional Settlement Date). Payment in respect of any 
Note so transferred or deposited will be made to each relevant holder in Euro in accordance with 
Condition 7 (Payments and Talons) on the Optional Settlement Date.  
(l) 
Squeeze Out Option: Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if seventy-five 
(75) per cent. or more of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any Series (the Squeeze 
Out Amount) has been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, on not less than thirty (30) 
nor more than sixty (60) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Condition 14 (Notices) at any time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem on a date to be specified in such 
notice (the Squeeze Out Redemption Date), at its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes 
of that Series at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to but excluding the Squeeze Out 
Redemption Date, and where applicable, any Arrears of Interest (the Squeeze Out Option). 
(m) 
Loss of Concession: In case of the occurrence of a Loss of Concession (as defined below but except 
when the relevant concession is bought back), which results in the cessation of all or a substantial part of 
the business or operations of the Issuer, the Issuer will, after having given not more than forty-five (45) 
nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’s notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount, no later than thirty (30) calendar days following the receipt by the Concession Holder of the 
monetary compensation due under the terms of the relevant Concession Agreement. 
Concession Agreements means each of the agreements for the purposes of Concessionary Activities. 
Concessionary Activities means all activities exercised by virtue of a public law agreement or a private 
law agreement which purpose is to put the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries (the Concession Holder) in 
charge of the conception, financing, construction and/or development of an infrastructure, a project and/or 
service in exchange for a remuneration consisting in whole or in part of fees, toll or revenues paid by the 
users of the infrastructure, project or service, or calculated in whole or for a substantial part, by reference 
to the operation income or the performance or the availability of the infrastructure, project and/or service 
(including when all or part of such remuneration is definitely acquired starting on a certain fixed date 
agreed between the parties). 
Loss of Concession means any or all of the Concession Agreements being terminated, revoked, 
suspended, cancelled, amended or invalidated, or the relevant concession being bought back, where in 
each case the relevant Concession Holder receives monetary compensation. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Arrears of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer 
to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of 
the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All 
payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of 
such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Arrears of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and 
provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Bearer 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank.  
Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in 
which banks have access to the T2 System. 
Receipt means the receipt issued with respect to the relevant Materialised Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by

--- Page 90 ---
90 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8 (Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case, do not assume any obligation or relationship 
of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a 
Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at 
least two major European cities and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and ensuring the financial services of the Notes in Luxembourg and, in 
either case, so long as the rules of, or applicable to, the relevant Regulated Market so require, in such 
other city where the Notes are admitted to trading) (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully 
registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other 
Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 13 (Further Issues and 
Consolidation), the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination 
Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so 
consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the 
amount of any Arrears of Interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, 
where applicable, with the amount of any Arrears of Interest corresponding to such Coupon) that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten 
(10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered 
in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Bearer Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of 
Interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, business day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as Financial Centres in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank 
in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment 
in Euro), which is a T2 Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax Exemption  
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future French taxes or duties 
whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as 
the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(i) 
Other connection:  
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date in the case of 
Materialised Notes:  
more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth 
such day; or 
(iii) 
Non-cooperative State or territory: 
if the Notes do not benefit from any exception provided in the Bulletin officiel des Finances 
Publiques-Impôts, BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 no. 150 (published on 14 June 2022) of the French tax 
authorities and when such withholding or deduction is required to be made by reason of that 
interest, Receipt or Coupon being (x) paid to an account opened in a financial institution 
established in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative 
State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) (i) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French 
General Tax Code (Code général des impôts) (other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A 2 bis 
2° of the same code) for the purpose of Articles 125 A III and 119 bis 2 of the same code. 
As used in these Conditions, Relevant Date in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Arrears 
of Interest, references to becomes due shall be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
5(h)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the 
date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) principal shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect 
of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or supplement 
to it, (ii) interest shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, all Arrears of Interest) payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) principal and/or interest shall be deemed 
to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the Paying Agent via the clearing systems, in a 
reasonable and timely manner, any information as may be required in order to comply with the 
identification and reporting obligations imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French General Tax Code 
(Code général des impôts). 
The Issuer, the Paying Agent and/or any other party may be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts 
required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (FATCA withholding) as a result of the Noteholder, beneficial owner 
or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any FATCA 
withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
9. 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of the Noteholders)), upon request of any Noteholder, or 
in the event the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder, may, upon written notice to the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause all the Notes (but not some only) held by any 
such Noteholder or the sole Noteholder to become immediately due and payable at their principal amount, together with 
any accrued interest thereon (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest), as of the date on which such notice for 
payment is received by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the following events (each an 
Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
Unsubordinated Notes: In the case of Unsubordinated Notes: 
(i) 
default in any payment when due of interest on any of the Notes, and the continuance of any such 
default for a period of fifteen (15) calendar days thereafter; or 
(ii) 
default in the performance of, or compliance with, any other obligation of the Issuer under the 
Notes, if such default shall not have been remedied within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt 
by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such default given by the Representative (as defined in 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)); or 
(iii) 
any other present or future indebtedness (excluding any Project Finance Indebtedness) of the Issuer 
for borrowed money in excess of Euro 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) shall 
become due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or any such 
indebtedness shall not be paid when due after, as the case may be, the expiration of any applicable 
grace period therefor, unless the Issuer is contesting in good faith and by appropriate proceedings 
before a competent court that such indebtedness was due and payable, or unless such default by 
the Issuer under such indebtedness for borrowed money arises directly or indirectly as a result of 
a Loss of Concession (as defined in Condition 6(m)); or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt; or a judgement is 
issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for the transfer of the whole business 
(cession totale de l'entreprise à la suite d'un plan de cession) of the Issuer; or to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceedings; or the Issuer makes any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit 
of, or enters into a composition with, its creditors; or the Issuer ceases to carry on all or a 
substantial part of its business or operations or is dissolved except (i) any operation falling within 
the definition of Permitted Reorganisation (as defined below) or (ii) in the event of a Loss of 
Concession or (iii) with the prior approval of the Masse, for the purposes of, or in connection with, 
an amalgamation, reorganisation, consolidation or merger (other than a Permitted Reorganisation) 
which is implemented; 
The occurrence of any Event of Default must be notified to the Noteholders by a publication in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 14 (Notices). 
Asset(s) of any person means all or any part of its business, undertaking, property, assets, revenues 
(including any right to receive revenues) and uncalled capital, wherever situated; 
Group means the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries; 
Permitted Reorganisation means a reconstruction, amalgamation, merger, consolidation or transfer of 
assets and/or activities (a Reorganisation) where the surviving legal entity which acquires or to which is 
transferred all or a substantial part of the business and/or activities of the Issuer:  
(i) 
is a company incorporated and resident in a Member State of the OECD;  
(ii) 
carries on the same or similar business and activities as the Issuer immediately after such 
acquisition or transfer;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(iii) 
expressly and effectively by law assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and has 
obtained all authorisations therefore; and  
(iv) 
benefits from a senior long term debt rating from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited which is 
equal to or higher than the senior long term debt rating of the Notes immediately prior to the 
Reorganisation. 
Project Finance Indebtedness means any indebtedness incurred to finance the construction, 
development, operation and/or maintenance of an asset or business (a Project): 
(i) 
which is incurred by a single purpose person (SPP) (whether or not any such SPP is a member of 
the Group or a subsidiary of such a member) all or substantially all of whose Assets relate to the 
construction, development, operation and/or maintenance of the Project, either directly, or 
indirectly through one or more other SPPs incorporated solely for the purposes of, and all or 
substantially all of the Assets of such other SPP(s) relate to, the construction, development, 
operation and/or maintenance of the Project (each a Project Entity); and 
(ii) 
in respect of which the holder(s) of such indebtedness (the Lender) has no recourse to any member 
of the Group or a subsidiary of such a member for the repayment or payment of any sum in respect 
of such indebtedness other than recourse: 
(A) 
in respect of share capital (or equivalent) in a Project Entity; and/or 
(B) 
to a Project Entity in respect of such sum limited to the aggregate cash flow from the 
Project; and/or 
(C) 
to a Project Entity for the sole purpose of enforcing any security interest given to the Lender 
over the Assets constituting or derived from the Project (or rights given by any shareholder 
or equivalent in a Project Entity over its shares or equity equivalent in the Project Entity) 
in order to secure such indebtedness; and/or 
(D) 
to a Project Entity or a member of the Group or a subsidiary of such a member, which 
recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages) for breach of a 
representation, warranty or obligation (not being a payment obligation or an obligation to 
procure payment by another or an indemnity in respect thereof) by the person against whom 
recourse is available; and/or 
(E) 
to any collateral or covenant to pay provided by any member of the Group or a subsidiary 
of such a member in exchange for the transfer to it of Assets in the form of cash of a Project 
Entity provided that such collateral or covenant provided in exchange for such Assets does 
not represent a value greater than the market value of such Assets at the time of transfer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes and in accordance with Condition 3(b), if any 
judgment shall be issued for the transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de l’entreprise) or the 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason 
then the Subordinated Notes shall become immediately due and payable, in accordance with Condition 
3(b) (Status of Subordinated Notes), at their principal amount together with any accrued interest to the 
date of payment and where applicable, any Arrears of Interest, without further formality. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five (5) years (in the case of principal or interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (the Masse) which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) with the exception of Article L. 228-56 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) and as supplemented by this Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders).  
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the Representative) 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the Collective Decisions). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration, if any, in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may 
be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the Representative 
shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to 
take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders. The 
Representative may delegate its powers with the prior approval of the Issuer. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions  
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by consent 
following a written consultation (the Written Resolution) (as further described in Condition 11(d)(ii) 
below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the rights of 
each Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of the 
relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such 
Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) Business Day in Paris preceding the date set for the 
Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings

--- Page 96 ---
96 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to 
be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) the Issuer 
shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from 
the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-
97 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), approval of a Written Resolution may 
also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders 
(Electronic Consent).  
Written Resolutions shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 
Condition 11(d)(i) above. Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as 
a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders.  
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution will be deemed to have been approved if (i) 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold at 
least one fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) Noteholders 
expressing their approval hold at least two-third (2/3) of such quorum. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in

--- Page 97 ---
97 
accordance with Condition 13(a), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped 
in a single Masse.  
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce). The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity 
and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders) shall be published on the website of Cofiroute (http://www. vinci-autoroutes.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which 
the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' approval, 
as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) will be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(h). Any Noteholder will then have the right 
to request redemption of its Notes at par within thirty (30) days from the date of notification, in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for 
redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the 
proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to Noteholders 
pursuant to articles L. 228-73 and L. 236-14 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). Such 
redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(h). If the Masse 
does not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed with the transaction will be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(h). 
(i) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) "outstanding" shall not 
include those Notes purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Article L.213-0-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) that are held by it in accordance with Article D.213-0-1 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and not cancelled. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the application of a Benchmark Amendment, 
the Noteholders shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any Benchmark Amendments or such other 
necessary changes pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B). 
12. 
Replacement of Definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated 
by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt,

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French 
Law) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights 
identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and the first payment of 
interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation 
and references in these Conditions to Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of 
the Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring 
on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more 
other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in 
Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) 
and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at 
the option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), notices shall be 
valid if published (x) as long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, and the rules of such Stock Exchange so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (y) in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are situated, which in the case of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form shall be 
valid if (i) published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (ii) so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, published (x) as long as such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the rules of such Stock Exchange so permit, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (y) in a daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to 
trading is/are situated, which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to 
have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance 
with this Condition.  
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14 (a), (b) and (c) above; 
except that so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notices will be published (x) as long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the rules of such Stock Exchange

--- Page 99 ---
99 
so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (y) in a daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes 
are admitted to trading are/is situated which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 14 (Notices) shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant to 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders). 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court of the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal, subject 
with respect to the Notes to any applicable mandatory rules pertaining to the territorial jurisdiction of 
French courts.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Bearer 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the Common Depositary), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held 
by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing 
system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after 
its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see General Description of the 
Programme - Selling Restrictions), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Code), section 4701(b) containing rules similar to those that currently apply under section 163(f)(2)(B) of the 
Code) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of 
the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
While any Materialised Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect of 
such Materialised Bearer Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that the 
certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying Agent. The holder 
of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on or after the Exchange Date 
unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes is improperly refused or withheld. 
 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if 
appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not 
already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Bearer 
Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar 
days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to 
Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the 
expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be used either for: 
a. 
the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or 
b.  in the case of issue of green, social or sustainability Notes the financing or refinancing, in part or in full, 
of (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects, or (iii) eligible sustainability projects (being a 
combination of both eligible green and eligible social projects), as further described in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In respect of green, social or sustainability Notes, the relevant Final Terms will specify in more detail the above-mentioned 
projects and any other relevant information such as whether or not any third party opinions and/or reviews will be made 
available in connection therewith and where and/or from whom opinions, reviews and other relevant information may be 
obtained and/or accessed. 
The Issuer will make available the relevant framework on its website on or before the issue of green, social and 
sustainability Notes. Such framework will further describe the above-mentioned projects.  
The Issuer intends to fully comply with the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines, each published by the International Capital Market Association in its 2018 edition and which have been updated 
in 2021 and in June 2022 (with respect to the Green Bond Principles and the Social Bond Principles), and their four core 
components which are (i) the description of the use of proceeds of the bonds, (ii) the disclosure of its process for project 
evaluation and selection, (iii) the management of the proceeds of the bonds and (iv) a regular reporting on such use of 
proceeds. 
If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is any other particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
I. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER  
1.1 - General information 
General information about the Issuer   
Corporate name: Cofiroute 
Registered office: 1973 boulevard de la Défense – 92000 Nanterre, France 
Telephone: +33 1 57 98 61 00 
Legal form: French public limited company ("société anonyme") with a Board of Directors 
Applicable legislation: governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and the related 
enabling legislation applicable to trading companies.  
Legal term of existence: Cofiroute was incorporated on 26 September 1955 and will be automatically dissolved on 19 April 
2098 unless it is wound up in advance or its term is extended. 
Financial year: from 1 January to 31 December 
Registration number: RCS 552 115 891 Nanterre – Siret: 55211589100426 – APE code: 5221Z 
Inspection of documents: Legal documents relating to Cofiroute are available for inspection at its registered office and at 
the Clerk’s Office of the Nanterre Commercial Court. 
Corporate purpose (Article 2 of the bylaws) 
The purpose of the Issuer is: 
a/ Under a concession agreement, contract, mandate or other form of delegation, the design, the construction, the 
maintenance and/or the operation of roads, expressways, motorways or civil engineering structures, including the 
connections to existing highways, outbuildings and ancillary fittings, and generally the performance of any and all related 
work or activities. 
b/ The operation and management by any means, of all real estate, movables, tangible and intangible assets, acquired or 
brought to it, in any capacity whatsoever. 
c/ The taking of direct or indirect interest in all operations or companies, in France or abroad, which may be connected, 
directly or indirectly, with the purpose of the Issuer, either by the creation of new companies, or by merger, contribution, 
subscription, purchase of securities or corporate rights. 
d/ To carry out all studies and develop all processes relating to industrial, scientific equipment and materials as engineering 
consultants or technical research firm. 
e/ And, generally, all industrial, commercial, financial and real estate operations connected directly or indirectly with the 
above purposes.. 
1.2 - Administration, management and supervisory bodies 
Composition of the Board of Directors  
The terms of office and duties of corporate officers are set out in the Board of Directors’ management report contained in 
the 2022 FR, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Board of Directors convenes as often as the interests of the Issuer require. 
Members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall conduct their private and other external activities and financial 
interests in a manner that does not conflict with the interests of the Issuer. Conflicts of interest may occasionally arise 
between duties of a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and such member’s duties to another party. In the event 
that any conflict of interest is deemed to exist in any matter, the person subject to the conflicting interests will not handle 
or participate in any decision relating to the matter. To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, as of the date of the Base 
Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest of the members of the Board of Directors between any duties to the Issuer and 
their private interests.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Chairmanship and executive management of the Issuer: 
The Board of Directors designates a Chairman ("Président") among its members who are natural persons. 
Under French law, the executive management of the Issuer is entrusted to a natural person appointed by the Board of 
Directors with the title of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) ("Directeur Général").  
On 11 December 2014, the Board of Directors decided that the positions of Chairman and CEO would be held by two 
distinct persons.  
The Chairman of the Board of Directors organises and heads the work of the Board of Directors and represents it in its 
relations with the shareholders and third parties. The Chairman oversees the efficient running of the Issuer’s organisation 
and, in particular, makes sure that the directors have the capacity to carry out their duties.  
The CEO is entrusted with the most extensive powers to act in the name of the Issuer in all circumstances. The CEO 
exercises these powers within the limits of the Issuer’s purpose and the statutory powers entrusted to the shareholders’ and 
Board of Directors’ meetings. 
The CEO represents the Issuer in its relations with third parties. 
The CEO may grant any of his powers to attorneys-in-fact whom he designates, whether with or without the power to sub-
delegate, subject only to statutory limits. 
Pierre Coppey’s appointment as Chairman of the Board was renewed by the Board of Directors on 2 February 2021. His 
nomination renewal became effective on 19 March 2021.  
Marc Bouron’s designation as CEO was renewed by a decision of the Board of Directors dated 2 February 2021. His 
nomination renewal became effective on 19 March 2021. 
The Commission des Marchés 
The Commission des Marchés is composed of a majority of members who are independent from the Issuer and selected by 
the CEO, and of the CEO's representative who chairs the meetings of the Commission des Marchés. The manager of the 
contract submitted to the Commission des Marchés and one representative of the French anti-trust authority (DGCCRF) 
are also invited. The Commission des Marchés acts in an advisory capacity in relation to the award of the contracts, which 
are submitted for examination, and checks the contracts award procedure in force in the Issuer. Its advice is required for all 
contracts relating to civil works above, or equal to, €500,000 (before tax) in value and all supply or services contracts 
above, or equal to, €240,000 (before tax) in value. This advice is transmitted to the French transport regulation authority 
(ART) before any official and definitive granting, so that it may use its prerogatives provided by law. 
1.3 - History of the Issuer 
In 1970, the French government decided to reform the legislative framework relating to motorways in order to open 
concessions to private partners. The Intercity Network concession for the motorways between Paris and Poitiers and Paris 
and Le Mans was awarded to the Compagnie financière et industrielle des autoroutes (Cofiroute). 
The Cofiroute Intercity Network concession agreement (the Cofiroute Concession Agreement) was initially applicable to 
476 km of motorway but has been amended 19 times since its creation and now applies to 1,100 km of motorway. The 
Cofiroute Concession Agreement is currently set to expire in June 2034. 
The various amendments to the Cofiroute Concession Agreement consolidated Cofiroute’s coverage in the center-west of 
France by extending the concession to cover the A10, A11, A81, A71 motorways. In addition, amendments to the Cofiroute 
Concession Agreement in 1994 and 1995 enabled Cofiroute to develop the A28 regional motorway between Alençon and 
Tours and the A85 motorway between Vierzon and Angers. 
In addition to the development of the motorway network, Cofiroute and the French State have agreed on a number of 
investment plans: 
- 
Three 5-year investment plans were agreed in 1995, 2004 and 2010. These programmes provide investment to 
improve and upgrade the operated network, such as road widening, new interchanges, security, quality of service, 
intermodality and environment. These initiatives are financed by a premium in the tariff formula and several provisions on 
State monitoring of the concession contract. 
- 
Two stimulus plans were agreed in 2010 and 2015. They are both mainly focused on environmental improvement 
and road widening, and are financed through the extension of the concession term.  
-   
A new motorway investment plan was agreed in 2018. This plan provides for 5 construction operations on the 
Cofiroute network to improve mobility in the regions, in particular enabling improvements to urban and peri-urban transport

--- Page 104 ---
104 
links through the development of 4 interchanges. These projects are co-financed by regional authorities and by Cofiroute 
through additional annual toll increases of 0.195% during 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
The following table sets out the main amendments to the Cofiroute Concession Agreement since 1970: 
Convention 
Date 
of 
approval 
(decree) 
Motorways under concession 
Concession total 
length 
Term 
Initial 
Agreement 
12 May 1970 
A10 Folie Bessin - Poitiers 
A11 Ponthévrard – Le Mans 
476 km 
2009 
Amendment 1 
6 March 1974 
A11 Angers Nantes  
558 km 
2010 
Amendment 2 
18 November  1977 
A71 Orléans Bourges 
A81 Le Mans La Gravelle 
760 km 
2012 
Amendment 4 
16 April 1987 
- 
- 
2015 
Amendment 5 
20 December  1990 
A821 Nantes – North bypass 
770 km 
- 
Amendment 7 
21 April 1994 
A85 Angers Langeais 
845 km 
- 
Amendment 8 
26 September 1995 
A85 Druye Vierzon 
A28 Alençon Le Mans Tours 
A86 Ouest 
1107 km 
2030 
Amendment 11 
29 July 2004 
Withdrawal A86 ouest 
1091 km 
- 
Amendment 12 
15 May 2007 
A85 Langeais Druye 
1100 km 
- 
Amendment 14 
22 March 2010 
- 
1100 km 
 
2031 
Amendment 15 
28 January 2011 
- 
1100 km 
 
- 
Amendment 16 
23 December 2011 
- 
1100 km 
 
- 
Amendment 17 
21 August 2015 
- 
1100 km 
 
June 2034 
Amendment 18 
28 August 2018 
- 
1100 km 
- 
Amendment 19 
2 September 2020 
- 
1100 km 
- 
 
The French State awarded the A86 Duplex Tunnel concession agreement to Cofiroute (the A86 Concession Agreement) 
in 1999 (see details in section entitled 'The A86 Concession Agreement' below). 
As of the date of the present Base Prospectus, Cofiroute is fully owned and controlled by Vinci Autoroutes which is 
ultimately indirectly fully owned and controlled by VINCI. 
1.4 - Concession agreements 
Cofiroute concession agreements 
Motorway concessions are public utility and public works concessions. They are granted by the French State by virtue of 
a concession agreement, approved by a Conseil d'Etat decree specifying how to construct, operate and maintain the 
motorways. 
The French system of motorway concessions was established by the Motorway Act of 18 April 1955 (now known as the 
Road Code). Roads are built on public land and cannot be privately owned. Only the French State may authorise a company 
to build and operate motorways and the related infrastructure under a concession agreement. Concession agreements are 
subject to bids. 
The relationship between the French State and the concessionaires are governed by concession agreements, as amended 
from time to time and, since 1995, by a programme plan (Contrat de Plan) signed on a regular basis by both parties, which 
establish the practices in terms of pricing, capital expenditure, development, marketing and customer services, financial 
targets and social and environmental policies within the respect of the financial balance of concession.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Cofiroute builds, maintains and operates its motorway network under two concession agreements with the French State: 
the Cofiroute Concession Agreement and the A86 Concession Agreement. 
They were approved by decrees issued by the French Conseil d'Etat in 1970 for Cofiroute Concession Agreement and in 
1999 for the A86 Concession Agreement. They have since been the subject of a number of amendments. 
Scope of the concessions 
The concession agreements relate to the motorways or motorway sections, and also all land, structures and installations 
necessary for the construction, maintenance and operation of each motorway, such as parking, service and rest areas, service 
stations, restaurants, motels and hotels (the Concession Assets).  
The Concession Assets fall into three categories:  
(i) 
assets required to operate the concession, which will automatically be returned to the State without 
compensation at the end of the concession (Returnable Assets); 
(ii) 
other assets that are the property of the concessionaire, which the State may elect to buy back at the end of the 
concession period, if they are of use in operating the concession (Assets with a Buyback Option); and 
(iii) 
assets owned outright by the concessionaire (Owned Assets), which will not be transferred to the State at the 
end of the concession period, with or without consideration. 
Throughout the duration of the concession agreements, the concessionaire has the exclusive right to operate the motorways 
or motorway sections covered by the concessions, and to collect tolls. 
Duration of concessions and recovery of assets on expiry of concessions 
As of the date of the present Base Prospectus, Cofiroute Concession Agreement will expire on 30 June 2034 and the A86 
Concession Agreement on 31 December 2086.  
On the expiry of each concession, the State will take possession of the Returnable Assets. The concessionaire must carry 
out all necessary maintenance and replacement work, in a timely manner and at its own expense, so that the assets are 
returned in a good state of repair. 
On the concession expiry date, the French State may decide to exercise its buyback option in order to also take possession 
of the other assets required to operate the network. 
Motorway construction 
Each concession agreement outlines the main features of the infrastructure. For motorways that are classified as being in 
the public interest, the concessionaire enjoys all the legal and regulatory rights conferred on the French State in matters of 
public works, for the purpose of acquiring land and carrying out expropriations, and is subject to all the corresponding 
obligations. In particular, the concessionaire must fulfill all the undertakings given and conditions imposed in the 
Declaration of Public Interest. 
Construction contracts above a certain value must be awarded under a competitive bidding process. Discrimination against 
European Union companies on the basis of national origin is prohibited. 
Motorway operation 
The concessionaire must deploy all necessary resources to maintain continuity of traffic in good conditions of safety and 
convenience. Concession assets must be kept in a good state of repair and operated by the concessionaire at its own expense. 
The concessionaire must comply with law and order measures announced by the préfets of the regions which the motorway 
crosses. It must also submit its proposed operating plan for the prior approval of the Infrastructure Minister. In accordance 
with the rules applicable to public service providers, in the case of a strike by its employees, the concessionaire is required 
to maintain a minimum service as defined by the Infrastructure Minister. 
The concessionaire also has certain obligations in the event that the motorway traffic flow is interrupted or restricted. These 
include informing the public in advance of possible delays, and immediately notifying the competent authorities if traffic 
is interrupted due to circumstances beyond the concessionaire’s control. 
Financial terms and conditions

--- Page 106 ---
106 
The concessionaire is responsible for financing the construction and operation of the motorway network and related 
infrastructure, on the basis specified in the concession agreement. 
Tariffs 
The concession agreement specifies the basis to be used by the concessionaire to determine toll charges. 
The rates are revised on 1 February in each year for Cofiroute Concession Agreement. By decree (Decree n° 95-81) and as 
provided by concession agreement, the minimum annual rate increase for toll operators amounts to 70 per cent of the 
inflation index (French inflation index excluding tobacco). Upon the signing of a programme plan between the French State 
and the concessionaire, the tariff increases are defined for the duration of the contract.  
Cofiroute Concession Agreement contractual annual tariff increases:  
- 
2023: 70 per cent of inflation index (*) + 0.10% 
- 
After 2023: 70 per cent of inflation index (*) 
(*) French inflation index excluding tobacco 
The average rise in the rate per kilometre on 1 February 2023 was + 4,53%. 
Other elements of the Cofiroute Concession Agreement 
17th Amendment  
On 23 August 2015, an amendment to the Cofiroute Concession Agreement was published in the French Official Journal, 
thereby making the motorway stimulus plan’s measures enforceable. Additional undertakings regarding investments to be 
made by Cofiroute under this plan amount to approximately €0.6 billion. In return for these additional investments, the 
term of the Cofiroute Concession Agreement was extended by two years and six months. 
Most of this investment programme relates to infrastructure works to improve the motorway network, including the 
widening of the A10 motorway near Orleans and Tours. The programme also includes upgrades to improve the 
environmental performance of the motorways. 
The amendments also mainly provide for: 
- 
the compensation of the 2013 land tax increase and of the 2015 toll freeze; 
- 
the implementation of caps on the concession profitability during the additional extended period granted by the 
stimulus plan and a mechanism to prevent financial advantage regarding works forecasted schedule of the stimulus 
plan; 
- 
the implementation in the concession agreement of a performance indicators system with penalties and targets. 
 
18th Amendment  
On 30 August 2018, an amendment to the Cofiroute Concession Agreement was published in the French Official Journal. 
This new motorway investment plan provides for 5 construction operations on the Cofiroute network to improve mobility 
in the regions, in particular enabling improvements to urban and peri-urban transport links through the development of 4 
interchanges. These projects are co-financed by regional authorities and by Cofiroute.  
 
19th Amendement 
On 4 september 2020, an amendment to the Cofiroute Concession Agreement was published in the French Official Journal. 
A new interchange will be create on the A85 motorway. This project is financed by local authorities. 
 
Operation of service area outlets and other commercial installations: 
The concessionaire awards contracts for the operation of service area outlets according to a competitive bidding process. 
The fees paid by the service area operators are included in concession revenues. 
Under the terms of the Cofiroute Concession Agreement, the concessionaire may install and operate optical fibre and 
telecommunications networks alongside the motorways. 
 
State buyback option: 
From 31 December 2027, the French State will have the right to buy back the Cofiroute Concession Agreement on 1 January 
of each year, subject to giving one year’s notice.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
If the buyback option is exercised, the concessionaire will be entitled to compensation corresponding to: 
• 
annual payments based on revenues minus operating, maintenance and renewal expenses; this payment will take 
place every year on 30 June until the term of the concession. 
• 
 a sum of normative net book value (based on a linear depreciation over 15 years) of the last 15 years 
investments before the year in which the buyback is completed. This payment will take place on 30 June  of the 
year of the buyback. 
The concessionaire will be required to return to the French State the assets, installations, machinery and equipment bought 
back in a good state of repair. If necessary, the French State can retain amounts on the global instalment in order to pay for 
upgrade installations in the event that any assets, installations, machinery and equipment are not returned in a good state of 
repair. 
 
Penalties and remedies: 
In the case of any failure by the concessionaire to fulfill any of its obligations under the Cofiroute Concession Agreement 
that is not remedied within the period specified in the execution order issued by the French State, the concessionaire will 
be required to make a remedial payment, unless such failure is due to circumstances beyond the concessionaire’s control. 
In particular, such a payment will be levied in the case of any motorway construction delays or any partial or total 
interruption of traffic arising from the fault of the concessionaire.  
If the concessionaire breaches its obligations concerning tariffs, the tariffs applicable up to the next revision date will be 
set jointly by the Infrastructure Minister and the Finance Minister. 
According to Cofiroute Concession Agreement, Cofiroute is bound to realise investments in determined periods. 
Under certain circumstances, delays in fulfilling its obligations might lead to the restitution to the French State of the 
resulting financial advantage of the Cofiroute Concession Agreement. Cofiroute and the French State would have to agree 
on the form of the compensation. 
 
Termination for default: 
The Cofiroute Concession Agreement may be terminated by a decision of the French State made by decree of the Conseil 
d'Etat, if the concessionaire interrupts operations or commits a breach of others contractual obligations. Termination for 
default is not applicable in case of breach resulting of a "force majeure" event. 
In the event of termination for default, the Cofiroute Concession Agreement will be granted to a new concessionaire, in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, through a competitive bidding process. In this case, the bid price will be 
paid by the new concessionaire to the disqualified company, immediately following publication of the Conseil d'Etat decree 
approving the new concession agreement and related specifications.  
The A86 Concession Agreement 
The French State awarded the A86 Concession Agreement to Cofiroute in 1999. The A86 Concession Agreement was 
amended in 2010 to address additional costs arising from technical changes related to the enforcement of new tunnel safety 
regulations.  
The A86 Concession Agreement relates to the financing, construction and management of a toll tunnel located to the west 
of Paris. The total construction costs amount to €2.2 billion, including costs related to the new tunnel safety regulations. 
The tunnel is fully operational since January 2011 and is for use by light vehicles only. 
The concession is granted to the Issuer for a period of 75 years and will expire on 31 December 2086. Under certain 
conditions relating to cumulative cash flow available for debt coverage, the concession can be terminated early upon giving 
two years notice, but in any event the anticipated term can not be earlier than 31 December 2080. 
The A86 Concession Agreement provides for the construction and management of a second tunnel (West tunnel) but this 
project, if realised, would require reconsideration of the initial conditions under which it was planned in light of the new 
tunnel safety regulations. No work relating to the West tunnel will be commenced by Cofiroute until an amendment to the 
A86 Concession Agreement reflecting the French State's decision on this tunnel has been agreed. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, no decision has been taken by the French State. 
The A86 Concession Agreement provides a cap tariff formula. It is based on a CPI + X indexation, with X dependent on 
the traffic evolution. Tariffs are modulated according to hours, days and periods of the year.  
The tariffs change every year on 1 January, subject to approval by the French government.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
A buyback option can be exercised by the French State beginning 50 years after the commencement of operations. The 
conditions of the buyback options are the same as those under Cofiroute Concession Agreement 
New organization of highways sector control by the French Public Authorities since Law for growth, activity and 
equal business opportunities (Loi pour la croissance, l'activité et l'égalité des chances économiques) 
This law has been enacted on 6 August 2015, and contains provisions for the highways sector (modifications of the law 
part of the road network code), which are into force since 1 February 2016. The main change relates to the highways sector 
control by the French Public Authorities: powers of the “Autorité de régulation des activités ferroviaires”(“ARAF”) which 
became the “Autorité de régulation des activités ferroviaires et routières”(“ARAFER”) has been extended to the highways 
sector. Since 26 decembre 2019, the ARAFER is called “Autorité de Régulations des Transports” (“ART”). The ART is 
vested with the mission to advise French Government concerning the economics of motorway concessions. ART is 
therefore consulted by the French Government about (i) any proposed concession agreements or (ii) any amendment to 
concession agreements where such amendment has an impact on the toll rates of the motorways or on the duration of the 
concession. In such case, ART analyses the balance between new investments asked for by the French Government and 
toll prices increase and/or extension of the concession’s duration. In addition, ART ensures that fair competition is 
genuinely exercised in the award of public works, supply or services contracts and contracts for operating restaurants, fuel 
distribution stations etc. on motorway service areas. The implementing rules are detailed in Decree part of the road network 
code. 
1.5 - Business overview 
Issuer profile  
France has a long experience of motorway construction and management, in particular as regards concessions. 
Approximately 9,000 km of the French motorway network are under concession. 
Cofiroute, operates 1,111 km of motorway, and has always remained in the private sector since its creation in 1970. 
In its 50 year history, Cofiroute growth has been built on three core areas of expertise: financing, construction and operating 
transport infrastructure. 
Network 
At 31 December 2022, Cofiroute’s motorway network consists of 1,100 km of motorway in western France (A10, A11, 
A28, A71, A81 and A85) and 11km of the A86 duplex (underground link of the A86 motorway in Ile de France). 
The network is used not only by domestic and European freight (A10) and tourist traffic, but also by high volumes of 
commuter and urban local traffic (Paris, Orléans, Tours). 
 
COFIROUTE conceded network (km)
A10 La Folie Bessin - Ponthévrard
26
A10 Ponthévrard - Orléans
73
A10 Orléans - Tours
114
A10 Tours - Poitiers Sud
99
A71 Orléans - Bourges
111
A11 Ponthévrard - Le Mans
151
A11 Angers - Nantes
75
A11 Contournement d'Angers
17
A81 Le Mans - La Gravelle
94
A85 Angers - Langeais
81
A85 Langeais - Druye
10
A85 Druye - Saint-Romain
62
A85 Saint-Romain - Theillay
54
A28 Le Mans - Alençon
50
A28 Tours - Le Mans Est
86
Total Cofiroute Intercity Network
1100
A86 Rueil-Malmaison - Vélizy
11
Total Duplex A86
11
Total COFIROUTE
1111

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Cofiroute internal source. 
 
Cofiroute internal source 
There are four main players in motorways concessions in France: 
(i) 
Cofiroute: 1,111 km under concession. 
 
(ii) 
ASF Group: 3,207 km  under concession3; 
ASF and its subsidiary Escota, both owned by VINCI, manage the largest French motorway network with 3,207 
kilometres. ASF covers the southern (A7, A9, A46, A54, A61, A66, A68, A72, A75 and A645) and western parts 
of France (A10, A11, A63, A64, A83, A87, A89 and A837) plus the Puymorens tunnel while Escota operates in 
the Provence-Alpes-Côte d’Azur region (A8, A50, A51, A500, A501, and A520). 
 
(iii) 
APRR Group: 2,406 km under concession 
Autoroutes Paris-Rhin-Rhône (APRR), an Eiffage subsidiary, currently operates 2,406 km4 of motorways under 
concession from the French State. The network comprises the Paris-Lyon corridor (A5, A6, A39), the Burgundy-
North Europe connector (A31-A36), the alpine motorways of the Rhône-Alpes region (A40, A41, A42, A43, A48, 
A49, A51 north) and the motorways of central France (A77, A71, A79);  
(iv) 
Sanef Group: 1,785 km5 under concession 
                                                          
 
3 Source: ASF Financial Report 2022 
4 Source: APRR Consolidated financial statements 2022 
5 Source: SANEF Group Consolidated financial statements 2022

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Sanef and his main subsidiary SAPN have built up a motorway network of 1,781 kilometres in France, comprising 
the A1 and A2 in the north, the A4 in the east, the A13 and A14 in the west and the link motorways (A16, A26 
and A29).  
Historical traffic evolution 
 
Cofiroute internal source. 
 
In 2022, the Cofiroute Intercity Network saw its traffic levels increase by 4.9 per cent compared with the previous year: 
- 
+5.6 per cent for light vehicles, which accounted for 85 per cent of total traffic; and 
- 
+1.5 per cent for heavy vehicles. 
Main activities 
Motorway Construction: 
Cofiroute acts as project manager for the construction of the infrastructure it has committed to perform under its concession 
agreements or programme plan. The first task is to define the precise itinerary of the motorway within the 300m strip 
covered by the declaration of public interest. This choice is governed by two priorities: road safety and blending the 
motorway into its local environment with a view to minimising any disturbances for local residents. Cofiroute's team of 
program management works with architects and landscapers and use advanced imaging technology and other tools to 
simulate the course of the motorway and assess its impact on local populations and on the natural environment. Road works 
are outsourced by way of competitive tenders.  
Motorway improvement and infrastructure maintenance : 
Pursuant to Programme Plans, Stimulus Plan and Motorway Investment Plan, Cofiroute realizes additional investments on 
existing motorways. These investments are to adapt infrastructure, mainly to cope with most recent environmental 
standards, needs for local network access or increasing traffic. They include animal bridges, road-widening, interchanges 
construction, toll plazas and rest and service area extensions.  
Cofiroute also invests in infrastructure maintenance to repair damage due to high traffic and infrastructure ageing and to 
comply with new technical standards. 
Toll Collection: 
0
2 000
4 000
6 000
8 000
10 000
12 000
14 000
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
millions of km travelled (intercity network)
Cofiroute TRAFFIC EVOLUTION

--- Page 111 ---
111 
There are two main collection systems on Cofiroute’s motorways: automatic toll and electronic toll collection system. 
The electronic toll collection system has been developed by the French motorway operators. It is valid on the whole toll 
French motorway network and allows direct payment of tolls from the user's bank account. This system also has advantages 
for the motorist, such as slowing down without stopping at the toll plaza and, on heavy traffic days, easier access, as well 
as benefiting the Issuer by way of cost reductions in the operation and construction of toll plazas (fewer lanes needed when 
compared with conventional manual toll collection plazas). 
 
 
Cofiroute internal source. 
Services: 
Cofiroute performs operation, maintenance and advisory activities linked to motorway infrastructure through service 
contracts.  
Assistance to the Customer: 
Adequate service levels are ensured through innovative initiatives. These may include new equipment, new systems or 
effective and timely solutions for incidents or crises as they occur. 
Road assistance – which is part of Cofiroute’s obligations under the terms of the Cofiroute Concession Agreement and the 
A86 Concession Agreement – consists of patrolling motorways in order to detect and correct anomalies and thus prevent 
accidents and to assist road users. Cofiroute has Assistance and Maintenance Centres strategically located to provide 
efficient assistance on all motorways. Their networks are broken down into six operational units, each benefiting from a 
team dedicated to managing traffic flows and responding to incidents. 
Assistance to road users includes rapid breakdown services, refuelling and car removal services. 
Service areas are one of the most useful services made available on the network. They are located on the roadside at average 
intervals of 40 km and are organised through concession to third parties with Cofiroute monitoring service quality and 
capacity. The network includes more than 100 rest and service areas. 
Road Safety: 
Cofiroute’s increasing concern with traffic conditions and road safety has led to continuous improvements in active and 
passive safety measures. 
Cofiroute has stepped up actions aimed at improving the safety of their clients and personnel. Some noteworthy measures 
include: a dynamic speed regulation system on days of heavy traffic was implemented on sections of A10; preinstalled 
'works in progress' signalling sequences; reduction in time needed to convey information to intervention teams and 
customers. 
18%22%
34%
36%
37%
40%
41%
43%
44% 46%
47% 49% 50%
51% 54%
53%
54%
29%
35%
33%
38%
44%
49%
49%
51%
53% 54% 53% 51% 50%
49% 46%
47%
46%
53%
43%
33%
27%
19%
12%
10%
6%
3%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Electronic toll
Automatic lanes
Manual payments

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Cofiroute is also very involved in the safety of its own personnel, using technology or information to ensure it. For example, 
experimentations are lead in detection of dangerous vehicles that may collide with the safety patrol and the nearby agents. 
Cofiroute is constantly improving these roadworks procedures and is engaged in some experimentation to certify more 
secure practices. 
Additional activities 
Since 2009, Cofiroute has an operating and maintenance contract with ARCOUR, a subsidiary of VINCI Autoroutes. This 
contract provides operation and maintenance work for Cofiroute on a 100 km stretch of motorway under concession 
(ARCOUR) close to the Cofiroute Intercity Network. 
1.6 - Significant events in 2022  
Changes in accounting policy 
The applicable standards and interpretations that are mandatory from 1 January 2022 do not have a material impact on the 
consolidated financial statements of Cofiroute at 31 December 2022. 
Operation 
In 2022, the Cofiroute toll revenue improved by 6.7 per cent and intercity network traffic level increased by 4.9 per cent 
compared with the previous year.  
The EBITDA6 to revenue (excluding revenue from construction work) ratio stands at 76.2 per cent in 2022. 
 
Traffic  
The traffic on Cofiroute’s intercity network increased by 4.9% in 2022; increase was +5.6% for light vehicles (LV) and 
+1.5% for heavy vehicles (HV). Average traffic intensity on the network was 29,911 vehicles per day in 2022.  
The following factors should be taken into account when analysing changes in traffic during financial year 2022: 
o 
very few travel restrictions due to the coronavirus pandemic in 2022 compared to 2021 for light vehicles and 
heavy vehicles traffic ; 
o 
rising economic growth in France and Spain ; 
o 
one working day less in 2022 for heavy vehicles traffic; 
o 
the price of diesel, increasing on average by 29.2% in 2022 compared to 2021, disadvantage light-vehicles 
traffic; 
o 
fuel shortages in October and until mid-November 2022 unfavourable for light-vehicles. 
 
Duplex A86 traffic showed increase of 10.1%  in the number of transactions, with slightly higher increase on weekends 
and holidays (+12.0%) than on weekdays (+9.6%). The average weekday traffic in 2022 was 31,700 vehicles a day. 
As shown in the table below, rates of traffic change varied significantly from one motorway section to another. 
 
 
                                                          
 
6 Cash flows from/(used in) operations before tax and financing costs

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Cofiroute Network 
 Annual Average 
Daily Traffic 
2022 
 
change % 
2022/2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A10 TRONC COMMUN 
LA FOLIE BESSIN / PONTHEVRARD 
84,173 
5.9% 
A10 AQUITAINE 
PONTHEVRARD / ORLEANS (A10-
A71) 
52,804 
6.1% 
ORLEANS (A10-A71) / CHAMBRAY 
40,632 
5.2% 
CHAMBRAY / POITIERS SUD 
33,740 
5.6% 
A71 
ORLEANS (A10-A71) / SALBRIS 
29,952 
3.6% 
SALBRIS / BOURGES 
27,785 
4.6% 
A11 OCÉANE 
PONTHEVRARD / LE MANS EST 
36,107 
5.2% 
LE MANS EST / LE MANS OUEST 
42,605 
4.6% 
ST JEAN DE LINIERES / LA CLARTE 
29,638 
3.1% 
CONTOURNEMENT D'ANGERS 
34,682 
3.7% 
A81 
LE MANS (A11-A81) / LA GRAVELLE 
22,880 
2.9% 
A85 
CHANTEMERLES / LANGEAIS 
14,178 
4.1% 
ST ROMAIN / THEILLAY 
14,761 
5.9% 
DRUYE / ST ROMAIN 
16,374 
6.3% 
A28 
LE MANS NORD / ALIS 
16,144 
5.4% 
TOURS / LE MANS EST 
13,689 
4.5% 
Cofiroute Average Network 
29,911 
4.9% 
Cofiroute internal source. 
 
Tariffs 
Toll rates on the A86 Duplex increased on 1 January 2022 pursuant to the Interministerial Decree of December 27th, 2021. 
Toll rates for the interurban network increased on 1 February 2022 pursuant to the Concession Contract. The average rise 
in the rate per kilometre on 1 February 2022 was + 1.90%. 
Toll revenue  
Toll revenue amounted to €1,511 million (€1,441 million for the Cofiroute Intercity Network and €70 million for the A86 
Duplex) in 2022, increased by 6.7 per cent from the €1,416 million recorded in 2021. 
Capital expenditure 
In-service network investments amounted to €193 million in 2022. 
As part of the motorway stimulus plan, the environmental improvement program has been completed. Work on the creation 
of carpooling car parks was completed in March 2020, bringing the number of carpooling parking spaces created to 600. 
Hydraulic redevelopment works on the A71 have also been completed. The Longvilliers multimodal park on the A10 
motorway was commissioned on 14 December 2020. 
Work to widen the A10 north of Orléans and between Sainte-Maure-de-Touraine and Veigné continues 
The motorway investment plan was approved by the Decree of 28 August 2018, published on 30 August 2018. It calls for 
a programme of five construction operations to improve mobility in the regions, particularly travel in urban and suburban 
areas. Four of these projects will be covered by financing agreements which were signed in 2019 between the Company 
and the relevant regional and local authorities.  
The Huisne Sarthoise interchange was commissioned on 26 April 2021. 
Work has begun on the Porte de Gesvres and Saran-Gidy interchanges and on the three eco-bridges, while studies on the 
Laval interchange are continuing. 
2022 main financial indicators:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
- 
Revenue excluding revenue from construction work: €1,534 million 
- 
Revenue from construction of new infrastructure assets: €193 million  
- 
Cost of net financial debt: €33 million 
- 
Net income attributable to owners of the parent: €664 million 
- 
Cash flows from operations before tax and financing costs: €1,169 million  
- 
Net financial debt: €3,351 million 
- 
Ratio net financial debt / cash flows from operations before tax and financing costs: 2.9 
 
III 
AUDITORS 
Name of the Statutory Auditors 
KPMG Audit, a department of KPMG SA  
2 avenue Gambetta - Tour Eqho -  92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
Current term began: 23 March 2018 
Current term expires: at the close of the Shareholders Meeting to approve the 2023 Financial Statements. 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit  
63, avenue de Villiers- 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
Current term began: 22 March 2019  
Current term expires: at the close of the Shareholders Meeting to approve the 2024 Financial Statements. 
 
Alternate Auditors  
KPMG Audit ID 
2 avenue Gambetta - Tour Eqho -  92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
Current term began: 23 March 2018 
Current term expires: at the close of the Shareholders Meeting to approve the 2023 Financial Statements. 
 
 
Cofiroute’s Statutory Auditors are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (official 
statutory auditors’ representative body) and subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes 
(French High Council of Statutory Auditors).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
Quarterly Financial Information1  
As at 31 March 2023, Cofiroute’s total revenue stood at € 3362 million, up by 4.2 per cent. in comparison with the first 
quarter 2022. 
  
Change in revenue of Cofiroute as at 31 March 2023: 
 
 Light vehicles3 
+1.9% 
 Heavy vehicles3 
+0.1% 
Total Traffic3 
+1.5% 
Other impacts 
+2.6% 
Toll revenue (in € millions) 
330 
2022 / 2021 change 
+4.1% 
 
Revenue (in € millions) 
336 
2023 / 2022 change 
+4.2% 
 
Dividends 
On 17 March 2023, the Shareholders' General Meeting approved the individual financial statements and the payment no 
later than 31 March 2023 of a dividend of €159.58 per share in respect of the financial year ending 2022, amounting to 
€647,657,983. Taking into account the interim dividend of €28.51 per share paid in August 2022, the remaining dividend 
paid in March 2023 was €131.07 per share, amounting to €531,949,692. 
 
 
 
                                                          
 
1 Internal source 
2 Excluding concession companies’ revenue derived from works 
3 Intercity network

--- Page 116 ---
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, the following documents will be available, during 
usual business hours on any weekday (excluding Saturdays and public holidays), for inspection at the office of the 
Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents: 
(i) 
the statuts (Articles of Association) of the Issuer (available on the website of the Issuer); 
(ii) 
the published annual report including audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the two 
financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 (also available on the Issuer website for at least ten 
(10) years after their publication); 
(iii) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or any other Regulated Market (also available for viewing on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website); 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus (available on the website of the Issuer and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for at least ten (10) years after their publication); and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the relevant Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in 
this Base Prospectus. 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, copies of the latest published annual report 
including unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer (in English and French) (in each case as soon as they are 
published) may be obtained at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents during usual business 
hours on any weekday (except Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays).

--- Page 117 ---
117 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 19 July 2023 
(the Dealer Agreement) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers (being all Dealers other than those appointed as 
such solely in respect of one or more specified Tranches), and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous 
basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its 
own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold 
by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be 
issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the 
Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any Notes, or possession or 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering 
material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in 
certain transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered 
and sold outside the United States in off-shore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
deliver, Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) 
calendar days after the completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by 
the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the lead manager, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.  
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of 
Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering 
of such Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. 
person or other person within the United States, is prohibited. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly 
or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed, 
and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors, this Base Prospectus, any 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer, sale or 
delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in 
the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other 
applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws 
and regulations;  
(b) in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the 
offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 
2020); and 
(c) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by 
CONSOB or other Italian authority.

--- Page 120 ---
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU as amended (MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]1 Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]3 Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]4 
PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended (MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, 
as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
                                                          
 
1 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: “The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested].” 
2 Legend to be included following completion of the target assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
3 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: “The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested].” 
4 Legend to be included only (i) if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR (depending on the location of 
the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product 
governance legend or where both are included) and (ii) following completion by the manufacturers of the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, on the basis of the relevant applicable provisions of English law.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
 
Cofiroute 
 
Euro 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Issued by: Cofiroute (the Issuer) 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the prospectus regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129), as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus as so supplemented. The Base Prospectus, 
the Final Terms [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at the registered office 
of the Issuer during normal business hours and on the website[s] of [(a)] the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) [and (b) the Issuer (www.vinci-autoroutes.com)] and copies may be obtained free of charge from 
[•], France. [In addition5, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing [at/on] [•]].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions which are the 
[2016 EMTN Conditions / 2017 EMTN Conditions / 2019 EMTN Conditions] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus (as defined below). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the prospectus regulation (Regulation 2017/1129/EU), as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated 
[•]] ([together] the Base Prospectus), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available 
for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours and on the websites of (a) Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and (b) the Issuer (www.vinci-autoroutes.com) and copies may be obtained free 
of charge from Cofiroute [•]. [In addition6, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing 
[at/on] [•]].]7 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be assimilated (assimilables) 
and form a single Series: 
 
 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single Series (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange] of the Temporary Global Certificate for 
interests in the Definitive Materialised Notes, as referred 
in paragraph 32(iii) below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date] (the Exchange Date).] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[•] (In case of Dual Currency Notes, specify the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated and the currency in 
which interest is payable)  
 
                                                          
 
5 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
6 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
7 The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an 
earlier date.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] (in the case of Notes to be 
assimilated with a previous Tranche)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•]8 (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
(Not less than €100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency at the Issue Date) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] (specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year) 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 15 below) 
[[EURIBOR, CDOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON, TONA or any reference rate that might replace 
them] +/– [•] per cent.] Floating Rate] / [[•] per cent – 
[EURIBOR, CDOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON, TONA or any reference rate that might replace 
them] +/– [•] per cent.] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 
16 
below) 
[Inverse Floating Rate] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 17 below) 
[Formula Rates] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 18 below) 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 19 below) 
[Zero 
Coupon] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 20 below) 
[[CPI/HICP/RPI] Inflation Linked Interest] (further 
particulars specified in paragraph 21 below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100]/[•] per cent. of their nominal amount] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 28 below) 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] (further particulars 
specified in paragraph 29 below) 
[Instalment] (further particulars specified in paragraph 
30 below) 
 
                                                          
 
8  Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 124 ---
124 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis:  
(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer paragraph 19 below if details are 
included there) [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] (further particulars specified in paragraph 
27 below) 
[Call Option] (further particulars specified in paragraph 
23 below) 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] (further particulars 
specified in paragraph 24 below) 
[Squeeze Out Option] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 26 below) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(further particulars specified in paragraph 25 below) 
14. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Subordinated/Unsubordinated Notes] (specify details for 
any provisions of Subordinated Notes notably whether 
dated or undated, if Condition 3(b)(i) applies to the 
Coupons, and if deferral interest provisions apply) 
(ii) 
Dates 
of 
the 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance of 
the Notes: 
 
 
Authorisation of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 
[•]  and decision of the [Chief Executive Officer] / [Chief 
Financial Officer of VINCI Autoroutes] dated [•]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable on each Interest Payment 
Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year (where applicable (adjusted pursuant to 
the (specify applicable Business Day Convention)) 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per [•] in Nominal Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Specified Denomination payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in / on] [•]]/ [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Act/365(Fixed) / A/365(Fixed) / 
A/365 F / Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 
/ Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-ISDA] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year]/[Not Applicable] (N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual ([ICMA]). In 
such a case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.)

--- Page 125 ---
125 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (vii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (vii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[•] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (vii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (vii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(iii) Effective Date: 
[•] 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•] (Not Applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date ) 
(vi) 
Specified Duration: 
[•] 
(vii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount) 
(viii) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[•] (specify reference rate (EURIBOR, CDOR, CMS Rate, 
€STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON, TONA and months (e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months) or any reference rate that might 
replace them) 
– Relevant Time: 
[•] 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
 
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency]/[U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s) 
(if SOFR)]/[London Banking Day(s) (if SONIA)]/[[Tokyo 
Banking Day(s) (if TONA)]/[Zurich Banking Day(s) (if 
SARON)]/[T2 Business Day(s) (if €STR)] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]]  
(Second day on which the T2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR).

--- Page 126 ---
126 
– Representative Amount: 
[•] 
– Primary Source: 
[•] (Specify "Relevant Screen Page" or "Reference 
Banks") (In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this 
paragraph) 
– Relevant Screen Page (if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
a 
Relevant Screen Page): 
 
[•] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately)/[Not Applicable] 
– Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
Reference Banks): 
 
 
(Specify four)/[Not Applicable] 
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
–  [SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift Compound 
/ SONIA Compound]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA) 
–  [SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Index Average]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR) 
–  [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
–  [Observation Shift Days: 
[•]] (Only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR or 
SARON) 
–  [Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] T2 Business Days/London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/Tokyo Banking 
Days ] [Not Applicable]] (Only applicable in the case of 
€STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA) 
–  [SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average) 
–  [SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average) 
– Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable and the Rate 
of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in respect 
of an interest accrual period (as per Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant interest accrual period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such determination) 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero (0) per cent. annum]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA /  Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Act/365(Fixed) / A/365(Fixed) / 
A/365 F / Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 
/ Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-ISDA] 
(xv) Rate Multiplier: 
[•] 
(xvi) Exponent 
[•] 
17. 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)  
Fixed Rate: 
[•] 
(ii)  
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(iii)  Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
(iv)  First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•] (Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
(vi)  Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount) 
(vii) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
(ix)  Screen Rate Determination:  
 
–  Reference Rate: 
[•] 
–  Applicable formula to be 
used for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) shall apply 
–  Relevant Time: 
[•] 
–  Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency]/[U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s) 
(if SOFR)]/[London Banking Day(s) (if SONIA)]/[[Tokyo 
Banking Day(s) (if TONA)]/[Zurich Banking Day(s) (if 
SARON)]/[T2 Business Day(s) (if €STR)] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
(Second day on which the T2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR).  
–  Representative Amount: 
[•] 
–  Primary Source: 
[•] (Specify "Relevant Screen Page" or "Reference 
Banks") (In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this 
paragraph) 
–  Relevant Screen Page (if 
Primary Source is a Relevant 
Screen Page): 
 
[•] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately)/[Not Applicable] 
–  Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is Reference Banks): 
 
 
(Specify four)/[Not Applicable] 
–  Relevant Financial Centre:  
[•] 
–  [SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift Compound 
/ SONIA Compound]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA) 
–  [SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Index Average]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR) 
–  [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
–  [Observation Shift Days: 
[•]] (Only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR or 
SARON) 
–  [Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] T2 Business Days/London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/Tokyo Banking 
Days ] [Not Applicable]] (Only applicable in the case of 
€STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA) 
–  [SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average) 
–  [SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average) 
–  Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable and the Rate 
of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in respect 
of an interest accrual period (as per Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant interest accrual period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such determination)

--- Page 129 ---
129 
(x)  
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per annum/Zero 
(0) per cent. per annum as per Condition 5(i)] 
(xi)  Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-ISDA] 
18.  
Formula Rate Notes Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)  
Floating Rate 1: 
Determined in accordance with Condition 5(c), as though 
the Note was a Floating Rate Note   
(ii)  
Floating Rate 2: 
Determined in accordance with Condition 5(c), as though 
the Note was a Floating Rate Note 
(iii)  Formula Rate: 
[[Floating Rate 1] + [Floating Rate 2]] 
[[Floating Rate 1] - [Floating Rate 2]] 
[[Floating Rate 1] X [Floating Rate 2]] 
[[Floating Rate 1] / [Floating Rate 2]] 
19. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
(ii) 
Conversion Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods preceding the 
Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch Date, as applicable 
(excluded): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
(v) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch Date, as applicable 
(included): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
(vi) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
(vii)  Automatic Switch Date: 
[•]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(viii)  Minimum 
notice 
period 
required for notice from the 
Issuer/Noteholder(s): 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the [Switch Date] / 
[Automatic Switch Date] [Not Applicable]] 
20. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
21. 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph; or (a) if applicable and in relation to 
CPI/HICP, delete (B) below; or (b) if applicable and in 
relation to RPI, delete (A) below) 
[(A) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):  
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
(vii) Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Act/365(Fixed) / A/365(Fixed) / 
A/365 F / Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 
/ Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-ISDA] 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero (0) per cent. per annum]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum]] 
[(B) 
 
(i)  
Index: 
RPI 
(ii)  
Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the [Inflation Index 
Ratio]/[Limited Index Ratio]] 
(iii)  Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
[[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iv)  Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
(v)  
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference to Index is impossible 
or otherwise disrupted: 
 
 
 
Conditions [5.3(iii)(3)(B) to (D)] apply 
(vi)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(vii)  Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(viii)  Business Day Convention(s): 
[[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / Floating 
Rate / Eurodollar][Business Day] Convention]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(ix)  Business Centre(s): 
[•]  
(x)  
 Minimum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(xi)  Maximum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(xii)  Limited Indexation Date or 
Month(s) for calculation of 
Limited Indexation Factor: 
 
Any [date]/[month] falling during the period from and 
including [•] to but excluding [•]  
(xiii)   Base Index Figure: 
[•] 
(xiv)  Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
(xv)  "Index" or "Index Figure": 
Sub-paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of "Index" or 
"Index Figure" as set out in Condition 5.3(iii)(3)(A) shall 
apply 
(xvi)   Reference Gilt: 
[•] 
(xvii)  Indexation Advisor: 
[•]] 
22. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, details in paragraphs 16, 17 or 18 shall 
also be specified depending on the applicable interest 
basis. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
[•]  
(ii) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the interest due (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note9: 
 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount: [•] 
Y = [•] per cent.] /[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
–  Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
–  Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
respect 
of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies] 
–  Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
–  Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
–  Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•]  
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•] 
24. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date:  
 
[•] 
(ii) 
Notice period10: 
[•] 
25. 
Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Margin:  
 
[•] 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption Rate: 
 
[Reference Dealer Quotation/Reference Screen Rate]  
                                                          
 
9 Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes. 
10 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(iii) Reference Screen Rate:  
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(iv) 
Reference Security:  
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(v) 
Reference Dealers:  
[Not Applicable]/[As set out in Condition 6(d)]  
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
26. 
Squeeze Out Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
27. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•] 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note11: 
 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount: [•] 
Y = [•] per cent.] /[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
–  Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
–  Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
respect 
of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies] 
–  Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
–  Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
–  Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
28. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note12: 
 
[[•] per Note [of [•] specified denomination]13/[Not 
Applicable]  
29. 
Inflation Linked Notes - Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
                                                          
 
11 Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes. 
12 Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes. 
13 Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
(ii)  
Final Redemption Amount in 
respect 
of 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(c) applies] 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
30. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
(v)  
Extended Instalment Date(s) : 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each 
Note 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(g)), for illegality 
(Condition 6(j)) or on event of 
default (Condition 9):14 
 
 
 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(i) or Condition 6(f)(iii)(A) applies]/[Not 
applicable] 
(ii) 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions relating to the Early 
Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
–  Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
–  Early Redemption Amount 
in 
respect 
of 
Inflation 
Linked Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies] 
–  Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
–  Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
–  Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Early 
 
 
                                                          
 
14 Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
32. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) (Delete as 
appropriate) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)[/Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif)]]  
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and details 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Registered Notes only.)] 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes on 
the Exchange Date, being forty (40) calendar days after 
the Issue Date subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
33. 
Possibility to request identification 
information of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a)(i): 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
34. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions 
relating 
to 
Payment 
Dates: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/ Specify any other applicable Financial 
Centre]. (Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which sub-paragraph 16(vi) relates)]. 
35. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to the Materialised Notes). 
36. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply]  
37. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions [in Condition 13(b)] 
apply]  
38. 
Masse: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [•]] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: [•]] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [•]]. 
GENERAL 
 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at the 
rate of [] producing a sum of (only for 
Notes which are not denominated in 
 
 
[•]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Euros): 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the [specify relevant 
regulated market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 6,000,000,000 Medium Term Note 
Programme of Cofiroute.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]15  
Signed on behalf of Cofiroute: 
 
By:............................................ 
Duly authorised 
                                                          
 
15  Include if third party information is provided, for example in compliance with Annex 17 of the Delegated Regulation 2019/980 in relation to 
an index or its components, an underlying security or the issuer of an underlying security.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) (a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from [•].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
specify relevant regulated market] with effect from [•].]  
[Not Applicable] 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are already 
listed as from [its/their respective] Issue Date.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(b) Regulated Markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities of the same 
class of the Notes to be admitted to 
trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii)  Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]  
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated:  
[S&P: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the EU CRA Regulation)] / [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation.] The list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation is published on the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation)]16 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is [not] established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the EU CRA Regulation)[.][, but is endorsed by 
[insert credit rating agency] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
                                                          
 
16 Applicable only if the rating of the Notes is assigned by a rating agency other than S&P.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation)]. 
[[The rating [insert credit rating agency] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
a specific issuance of Notes under the Programme.) 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating, 
e.g.:  
According to S&P's rating system, an obligation rated "A" is 
somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes 
in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations 
in higher rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to 
meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still 
strong. The addition of pluses and minuses provides further 
distinctions within the ratings range.]   
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, detailing the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the Notes, so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the issue. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
4. 
THE USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
[(i)]  
Use of proceeds: 
[[General corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute [green 
/ social / sustainability] Notes and the net proceeds of the 
issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer to finance or 
refinance its investments in one or more of the eligible 
projects described below] / (Other specify) 
[•] (if applicable, describe eligible (i) green projects (ii) 
social projects, or (iii) sustainability projects (being a 
combination of both green and social projects) and/or 
availability of any relevant framework, third party opinions 
and/or where information can be obtained, etc…)] 
[(ii)]  Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] (If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[YIELD - Fixed Rate Notes only 
Indication of yield: 
 [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
6. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES AND BENCHMARKS 
(i) Historic interest rates 
[Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR]/[CDOR]/[CMS 
Rate]/[€STR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[SARON]/[TONA] rates 
can be obtained from [Reuters/Bloomberg/other].]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[(ii) Benchmarks]17 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [•], which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
[European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
(the Benchmarks Regulation)]/[the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK BMR)]. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [•], as administrator of [•] is 
not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the 
[Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK BMR]]/[the transitional 
provisions 
in 
Article 
51 
of 
the 
[Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [•] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
[European 
Union]/[United 
Kingdom], 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
[PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION - Inflation Linked Notes only 
(i)  
Name of the Index: 
[CPI]/[HICP]/[RPI]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                          
 
17 Insert only in case of Notes which reference to a benchmark, whose administrator has not been disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
(ii)  
Information about the Index, its 
volatility and where past and 
future 
performance 
can 
be 
obtained: 
 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained)] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
FISN Code: 
[•] / [Not Available] (If the FISN is not required or 
requested, it should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
CFI Code: 
[•] / [Not Available] (If the CFI is not required or requested, 
it should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
the 
address(es) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
BNP Paribas  
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
[•] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)  
If syndicated:  
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
 
(B) 
[Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement]: 
 
(C) Stabilisation Managers(s) (if 
any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA Not Applicable]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority in 
Luxembourg under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, nor of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 19 July 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection with 
the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes 
constitute obligations under French law, require the prior authorisation of the Conseil d’administration of 
the Issuer in accordance with Article L.228-40 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). For 
this purpose the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has delegated by a resolution 
passed on 9 December 2022 to Mr. Marc Bouron (Directeur Général) and to Mr. Frédéric Vautier 
(Directeur Financier de VINCI Autoroutes), all powers to issue obligations and to determine their Final 
Terms and conditions, up to a maximum aggregate amount of € 1,500,000,000 within a period of one year 
as from the date of such resolution. Any issuance of Notes, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute 
obligations under French law, fall within the general powers of the Directeur Général and the Directeur 
Financier de VINCI Autoroutes.  
(3) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Cofiroute is 213800CP8292W9E8LJ69. 
(4) 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities in 
charge of keeping the records or any other relevant clearing system. The Common Code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
(5) 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(6) 
The name and address of the Issuer's auditors having audited the Issuer's financial statements for the two 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 are set out in "Description of the Issuer – Statutory 
Auditors" above. 
(7) 
Save as disclosed in the "Recent Developments" section above, there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022.  
(8) 
Save as disclosed in the "Recent Developments" section above, there has been no significant change in 
the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2022.  
(9) 
The Issuer did not conclude any material contract not entered into in the ordinary course of its business, 
which could result in it being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its 
obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
(10) 
The Issuer is or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending and threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the twelve (12) 
months preceding the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
(11) 
The Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) elects domicile at the registered office of the Issuer. 
The address of this office is 1973 boulevard de la Défense – 92000 Nanterre, France. 
(12) 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
(13) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") of 
Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilisation manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a higher level than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty 
(60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
(14) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate 
Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmarks 
Regulation or the Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK BMR). In this case, the relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue 
of Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or Inverse Floating Rate Notes will specify the relevant 
benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
or in the FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case may be. The 
registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation or the UK BMR is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base 
Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
EURIBOR is administered by the European Money Markets Institute, which appears on the 
register of administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation; 
(b) 
CDOR is administered by Refinitiv Benchmarks Services (UK) Limited, which does not appear 
on the register of administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that Refinitiv Benchmarks Services (UK) Limited is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence); 
(c) 
CMS Rate is administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, which does not appear 
on the register of administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence); 
(d) 
€STR is administered by the European Central Bank, which does not appear on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the European Central Bank is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation;  
(e) 
SONIA is administered by the Bank of England, which does not appear on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of England is not required to be registered by 
virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation;

--- Page 144 ---
144 
(f) 
SOFR is administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which does not appear on the 
register of administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is 
not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation; 
(g) 
TONA is administered by the Bank of Japan, which does not appear on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of Japan is not required to be registered by 
virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation; and 
(h) 
SARON is administered by SIX Financial Information AG, which appears on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Cofiroute  
1973, boulevard de la Défense 
92000 Nanterre 
France 
 
Arranger 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Dealer  
Natixis  
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas  
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Corporate Trust Services 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
KPMG Audit, a department of KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho – 2 avenue Gambetta 
92923 Paris la-Défense Cedex 
France 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit  
63, avenue de Villiers  
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg 
75008 Paris 
France 
To the Arranger and the Dealer 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde  
75008 Paris 
France