--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 3 March 2023 
 
 
CoinShares Digital Securities Limited 
 
 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 127061) 
LEI: 549300DR7967WVLR3P83 
Exchange Traded Products Programme for the issue of 
CoinShares Digital Securities 
 
 
 
This document (the “Base Prospectus” or “Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the 
programme for the issue of Digital Index Securities and Digital Basket Securities (the “Digital 
Securities”) by CoinShares Digital Securities Limited (the “Issuer”).  This Base Prospectus 
relates to the issue of Digital Securities which are non-interest bearing, secured, limited 
recourse debt securities of the Issuer. The Issuer is currently making available for issue two 
separate classes of Digital Securities.  
 
An investment in Digital Securities involves a significant degree of risk and investors 
may lose some or all of their investment. It should be remembered that the value of 
Digital Securities can go down as well as up. 
 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Base 
Prospectus before making any investment in Digital Securities.

--- Page 2 ---
2 (169) 
Important Information 
 
The Digital Securities and the underlying assets in respect of the Digital Securities are highly 
speculative and involve a high degree of risk, including the risk of a total loss of all capital 
invested. Digital Currencies, which serve as underlyings for the Digital Index Securities and the 
Digital Basket Securities, represent both novel technologies as well as new asset classes. As a 
result, they may include risks that investors generally do not expect from other types of assets 
and commodities, including (but not limited to), risks relating to the loss of the underlying asset 
held by the Custodian. The recovery of such assets if lost due to hacking or fraud may be 
exacerbated by the lack of a central intermediary, the anonymity of Digital Currency accounts 
and the immutability of the decentralized databases (known as distributed ledgers) which record 
ownership. Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document 
should consult his or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all 
the risks associated with making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to 
sustain any loss that may arise from it.  See “Risk Factors”. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent under 
Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, to the issue of securities 
by the Issuer. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the Control of Borrowing 
(Jersey) Law, 1947, as amended, against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under 
that law. It must be distinctly understood that, in giving this consent, the Jersey Financial Services 
Commission takes no responsibility for the financial soundness of the Issuer or for the 
correctness of any statements made, or opinions expressed, with regard to it.  
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective investment fund for the 
purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis that 
they are investment products designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist 
knowledge of, and experience in investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully 
evaluating the risks involved in making such investments and who have an asset base sufficiently 
substantial as to enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making such 
investments. These investments are not regarded by the Jersey Financial Services Commission 
as suitable investments for any other type of investor. The Jersey Financial Services Commission 
has not confirmed that that issuer falls within the scope of the Collective Investment Funds 
(Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000. Accordingly, the Jersey Financial Services 
Commission takes no responsibility should the issuer fail to meet the conditions of the Collective 
Investment Funds (Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000. 
 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not opine on, or otherwise endorse, the Issuer 
falling within the scope of the Collective Investment Funds (Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 
2000. Accordingly, the Jersey Financial Services Commission takes no responsibility should the 
Issuer fail to meet the conditions of the Collective Investment Funds (Restriction of Scope) 
(Jersey) Order 2000.

--- Page 3 ---
3 (169) 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the 
contents of each section and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate 
their way around this Prospectus. 
 
Each section, together with the relevant Final Terms, should be carefully considered by a 
prospective investor before deciding whether to invest in the Digital Securities. 
 
Section of Prospectus 
Page 
What is covered by this section 
General description of the 
programme 
5 
This section sets out a general description of the 
programme 
Risk Factors 
13 
This section sets out the material risks known to 
the Issuer associated with an investment in the 
Digital Securities and should be carefully 
considered by a prospective investor. 
Part 1 
Information on the 
Issuer, the 
Manager and the 
Digital Securities 
32 
This section provides a description of the Digital 
Securities and the role of the different parties in 
the structure of the offering. 
Part 2 
How does a 
Security Holder 
determine the 
value of their 
investment? 
43 
This section sets out how an investor can work 
out the value of their investment and provides the 
relevant formulae and worked examples. 
Part 3 
Digital Assets 
Market Overview 
53 
This section provides an overview of the market 
for each of the digital assets offered under this 
Prospectus to help an investor decide whether an 
investment in a product which tracks movements 
in the price of such digital asset is appropriate for 
them. 
Part 4 
Description of the 
Digital Securities 
57 
This section provides a description of the Digital 
Securities as well as details of the rights attached 
to the Digital Securities, how the Coin Entitlement 
is calculated and details of how Digital Securities 
can be redeemed. 
Part 5 
The Programme 
64 
This section contains information relating to 
some, but not all, of the local regulations 
applicable to Digital Securities and the settlement 
process that apply to on-exchange trading in the 
Digital Securities.

--- Page 4 ---
4 (169) 
Part 6 
Trust Instrument 
and the Conditions 
69 
This section provides summaries of the main 
constitutive document in relation to the Digital 
Securities – The Trust Instrument.  It includes an 
extract from the Trust Instrument under the 
heading “Conditions”, setting out the terms and 
conditions that apply to the Digital Securities.  
This extract is drafted in legal language as it is 
taken directly from the Trust Instrument but 
information on how the terms and conditions 
apply to the Security Holders is contained 
throughout this Prospectus in Parts 4 and Part 5. 
Part 7 
Particulars of the 
Security Deed 
129 
The Security Deed creates security over and 
gives investors (through the Trustee) rights to, the 
underlying relating to each class of Digital 
Securities.  This section contains detail of the 
terms of the rights granted by the Security Deed 
and when these rights become enforceable. 
Part 8 
Custody and the 
Custody 
Agreement 
131 
The Custodian is responsible for the safe keeping 
of the digital assets backing the Digital Securities.  
This Section provides information on the 
Custodian and its role as well as describing the 
key terms of the Custody Agreement. 
Part 9 
Taxation 
134 
This section sets out important considerations for 
investors with respect to the tax treatment of 
holding Digital Securities. 
Part 
10 
Additional 
information 
137 
This section sets out further information on the 
Issuer which the Issuer believes a potential 
investor will want to be aware of or which the 
Issuer is required to include under applicable 
rules. 
Part 
11 
Documents 
incorporated by 
reference 
146 
This section sets out the information incorporated 
by reference into this Prospectus. 
Form of Final Terms 
148 
This section contains the form of Final Terms. 
Definitions and 
interpretation 
155 
This section sets out the definitions that apply 
throughout this Prospectus. 
Directors, Secretary and 
Advisers 
168 
This section sets out the names and addresses 
of the entities which provide services and legal 
advice to the Issuer.

--- Page 5 ---
5 (169) 
General description of the Programme 
 
The following overview of the Programme and the Digital Securities does not purport to be 
complete and is subject to and qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and in the Final Terms in respect of each Class of Digital Securities. Words 
and expressions not defined in this overview shall have the meanings given to them elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus.  
 
Description of the Programme  
 
Pursuant to this Programme, the Issuer may issue Digital Securities providing exposure to a 
range of Digital Currencies. 
 
Issuer 
CoinShares Digital Securities Limited.  The Digital 
Securities will be undated, non-interest bearing debt 
obligations of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or 
be the responsibility of, any other entity. 
The Programme 
On 3 March 2023, the Issuer established this exchange 
traded products programme to issue the different classes 
of Digital Securities.  The Final Terms relating to each 
series of each Class of Digital Securities will specify the 
detailed terms applicable to such series of such Class of 
Digital Securities. 
Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority Finansinspektionen (the 
“SFSA”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The SFSA only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the 
securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Digital Securities. 
The Base Prospectus permits an offer of Digital Securities 
to the public in Sweden and/or an admission to trading of 
Digital Securities on a regulated market in Sweden. The 
Issuer may request the SFSA to notify the approval of the 
Base Prospectus to other EEA Member States in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for the 
purposes of making a public offer in such Member 
States or for admission to trading of all or a series of Digital 
Securities on a regulated market therein.  As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has asked/intends to 
ask the SFSA to notify approval of the Base Prospectus to 
competent authorities in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, 
Finland, France Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, 
Italy, Norway, Poland and Spain. In addition, the Issuer 
may decide to register the Base Prospectus with a review

--- Page 6 ---
6 (169) 
body within the meaning of article 52 of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Financial Services for the purposes of making a 
public offer of Digital Securities in Switzerland or 
admission to trading of all or a series of Digital Securities 
on a regulated stock exchange in Switzerland.  
Warning regarding expiry 
and supplement(s) 
Investors should note that this Base Prospectus will expire 
on 3 March 2024. The Issuer shall prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus 
if there is a significant change affecting any matter 
contained in this Base Prospectus or a significant new 
matter arises, the inclusion of information in respect of 
which would have been so required if it had arisen when 
this Base Prospectus was prepared and/or pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to 
supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Transaction Structure 
The Issuer has established a programme under which two 
separate classes of Digital Securities, each of which 
provides exposure to a Digital Currency Index, may be 
issued from time to time. The Digital Securities are 
designed to offer investors a means of investing in multiple 
Digital Currencies without having to acquire Digital 
Currencies themselves and to enable investors to buy and 
sell that interest through the trading of a security on a stock 
exchange.  An Index Security is intended to provide 
exposure to an index of Digital Currencies, sponsored by 
an Affiliate of the Issuer or by a third party.  A Basket 
Security is intended to provide exposure to a group of 
Digital Currencies determined by the Issuer.  Basket 
Securities and Index Securities may be subject to 
Rebalancing from time to time.  Neither Basket Securities 
nor Index Securities will include any Prohibited Coin as 
underlying. 
The underlying Index for each Class of Digital Index 
Security is as follows: 
Classes of Digital Index 
Securities 
Applicable Index 
CoinShares Physical Top 
10 Crypto Market ETP 
CoinShares-Compass Top 
10 Crypto Market Index 
CoinShares Physical 
Smart Contract Platform 
ETP 
CoinShares-Compass 
Smart Contract Platform 
Index 
 
The underlying Basket for each Class of Digital Index 
Security is as follows:

--- Page 7 ---
7 (169) 
Classes of Digital 
Basket Securities 
Applicable 
Underlying 
Assets 
CoinShares 
Physical 
Bitcoin and Ethereum 
Bitcoin and Ethereum 
 
Each Class may comprise one or more tranches (each, a 
Tranche) issued on identical terms other than the Issue 
Date and Issue Price per Digital Security and with the 
Digital Securities of each Tranche of a Class being 
interchangeable with all other Digital Securities of that 
Class. Each Tranche is subject of a Final Terms. 
A Digital Security is an undated secured limited recourse 
debt obligation of the Issuer, which ranks equally with all 
other Digital Securities of the same class.  Security 
Holders only have recourse to the assets of the class of 
Digital Security of which they are a Security Holder.  If the 
net proceeds are insufficient for the Issuer to make all 
payments due, neither the Trustee nor any person acting 
on behalf of the Trustee will be entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer, and no debt shall be owed by the 
Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Custodian 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited. The Issuer will only appoint 
Custodians 
that 
are 
reputable 
financial 
services 
companies subject to the appropriate regulation in one or 
more of (i) a member state of the European Union, 
(ii) Jersey, (iii) the United Kingdom, and (iv) any another 
jurisdiction that is not a country or territory identified as 
presenting higher risks in the AML/CFT Handbook for 
regulated financial services business published by the 
Jersey Financial Services Commission from time to time, 
experienced in holding assets that are similar to the 
underlying assets.  Should a Custodian appointed by the 
Issuer be located in a jurisdiction that, following to its 
appointment, becomes a country or territory identified as 
presenting higher risks in the JFSC AML/CFT Handbook, 
the Issuer shall exercise its contractual rights to terminate 
the Custodian's appointment as soon as practicable. 
Administrator 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited 
Authorised Participants 
Flow Traders B.V., Jane Street Financial Limited, Bluefin 
Europe LLP, Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP, DRW Europe 
B.V.  and CoinShares (Jersey) Limited. 
Market Maker(s) 
Flow Traders B.V. 
Index 
If applicable, the Index specified in the Class Schedule 
and the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 (169) 
Each Index will constitute a benchmark subject to 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds 
and 
amending 
Directives 
2008/48/EC 
and 
2014/17/EU 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
596/2014 
Regulation (the “Benchmark Regulation”).  
Open Ended Structure 
It is intended that the Digital Securities of each Class shall 
be subject to a continual issuance and redemption 
mechanism, under which additional Digital Securities of 
such Class may be issued, and Digital Securities may be 
redeemed by Authorised Participants.  
Terms and Conditions of 
the Digital Securities 
Each Class of Digital Securities will have the terms and 
conditions set out in the section of this Base Prospectus 
headed “Trust Instrument and Conditions”, as completed 
by the Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of that 
Class.  
Interest 
The Digital Securities do not bear interest. 
Underlying Assets 
The underlying assets for the Digital Securities of each 
class, by which they are backed and on which they are 
secured, comprise private keys evidencing ownership of 
Digital Currencies. These private keys are held in the 
name of the Issuer in secure vaults at the premises of the 
Custodian and are not fungible with other Digital 
Currencies held by the Custodian.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, at no time shall Underlying Assets include 
Prohibited Coins. 
Security 
The Digital Securities are constituted under the Trust 
Instrument. The Trustee holds all rights and entitlements 
under the Trust Instrument on trust for Security Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a 
single Security Deed in respect of all Pools (including 
those in respect of the Digital Individual Securities). The 
rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under the 
Security Deed are held by the Trustee on trust for the 
Security Holders of each class of Digital Security. Under 
the terms of the Security Deed, the Issuer has charged to 
the Trustee for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant 
Security Holders by way of first fixed charge the Digital 
Currencies held in the Secured Wallets attributable to the 
relevant class of Digital Security and all rights of the Issuer 
in respect of the Secured Wallets to the extent attributable 
to each Pool. The Issuer has also, under the terms of the 
Security Deed, assigned to the Trustee by way of security 
the contractual rights of the Issuer relating to such class 
under the Custody Agreement and has granted a first-
ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee over all of 
the Issuer’s rights in relation to the Secured Property

--- Page 9 ---
9 (169) 
attributable to the applicable Pool, including but not limited 
to its rights under the Custody Agreement and the 
Secured Wallets attributable to that Pool. 
Redemption 
An Authorised Participant has the right, at any time, to 
require the redemption of all or any of its Digital Securities 
for the aggregate Coin Entitlement of each Underlying 
Type of the Digital Securities that are the subject of that 
redemption (in accordance with the terms for redemption 
of Digital Securities). 
Investors other than Authorised Participants can buy and 
sell Digital Securities on the secondary market or in private 
transactions (or, in certain circumstances, request a direct 
redemption from the Issuer, for either the relevant digital 
currency or cash). 
Events of Default  
Events of Default in respect of a class of Digital Securities 
comprise: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer to pay any sum or deliver 
any Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement 
(as the case may be) due in respect of any 
Digital Security of that class for a period of 14 
calendar days or more; 
(ii) 
failure of the Issuer to perform or comply with 
any one or more of its obligations (other than a 
payment or delivery obligation) under that class 
of Digital Securities, the Trust Instrument, any 
other Programme Document or the Security 
Deed, which default is incapable of remedy or, 
if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of 
remedy, is not remedied within 30 calendar 
days (or such longer period as the Trustee may 
permit) after notice of such default shall have 
been given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, 
for these purposes, a failure to perform or 
comply with an obligation shall be deemed to 
be remediable notwithstanding that the failure 
results from not doing an act or thing by a 
particular time), provided that if the Issuer has 
in respect of such default made a Breach 
Redemption Request under Condition 12.2 
then such default shall not be an Event of 
Default 
(iii) 
resignation or termination of the Determination 
Agent and failure to appoint any successor 
Determination Agent; or 
(iv) 
termination of any Custody Agreement in 
respect of that class of Digital Securities is 
terminated 
and 
immediately 
upon 
such 
termination taking effect there is no Custodian

--- Page 10 ---
10 (169) 
that has been appointed with respect to such 
class of Digital Securities. 
Issuer Insolvency Event 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is 
continuing, the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion, 
and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders 
holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of 
the Digital Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a 
single resolution of the holders of all Digital Securities as 
though all Digital Securities constituted a single class), the 
Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, give notice to the 
Issuer and by RIS announcement to the Security Holders 
that all the Digital Securities outstanding are to be 
Redeemed compulsorily and specifying an Issuer 
Business Day (falling not less than two Issuer Business 
Days from the giving of such notice) to be a Compulsory 
Redemption Date in respect of such Digital Securities. 
Obligations of the Issuer 
The Digital Securities will be obligations solely of the 
Issuer. 
Governing Law of the 
Digital Securities 
The Trust Instrument and the Digital Securities constituted 
thereunder are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with Jersey law. 
The Security Deed is governed by and shall be construed 
in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
The Issuer intends to apply for one or more Classes of 
Digital Securities issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or any other 
market place, such as a multilateral trading facility (MTF), 
in 
Austria, 
Belgium, 
Germany, 
Luxembourg, 
the 
Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Switzerland and Sweden and, 
subject to completion of relevant notification measures, 
any other Member State within the EEA.

--- Page 11 ---
11 (169) 
Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions 
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus by the 
SFSA which allows for a public offering of the Products in 
Sweden and any notification of the approval to other EEA 
Member States in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation for the purposes of making a public offer in 
such Member States, no action has been or will be taken 
by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any 
Digital Securities or possession or distribution of any 
offering material in relation to any Digital Securities in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. No 
offers, sales, resales, or deliveries of any Digital Securities 
or distribution of any offering material relating to any 
Digital Securities may be made in or from any jurisdiction 
except in circumstances which will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not 
impose any obligation on the Issuer. 
Settlement 
A series of Digital Securities may, subject to all applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements, only be issued in 
uncertificated book-entry form and will be issued Tranches 
or series. 
The Digital Securities will be cleared and settled through 
the dematerialised book-entry registration system and 
clearing system operated by the relevant clearing system 
in the UK (Euroclear UK & International Limited (Crest)) or 
through such other operator specified in the Final Terms. 
If listed on SIX SIS AG in Switzerland, the Digital 
Securities, once registered with SIX SIS AG and entered 
in the securities account of one or more participants, will 
qualify as intermediated securities within the meaning of 
FISA. 
Investors to Make Their 
Own Assessment 
Prospective Security Holders may wish to obtain their own 
independent accounting, tax and legal advice and may 
wish to consult their own professional investment advisers 
to ascertain the suitability of Digital Securities as an 
investment. Prospective Security Holders may wish to 
conduct such independent investigation and analysis 
regarding the risks, security arrangements, delivery 
processes and cash-flows associated with Digital 
Securities as they deem appropriate, in order to evaluate 
the merits and risks of an investment in the Digital 
Securities.

--- Page 12 ---
12 (169) 
Responsibility and No 
Investment Advice 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge 
and belief of the Issuer, which has taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this document is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
Nothing in this prospectus is intended as, constitutes nor 
should be relied upon as investment advice. 
Forward Looking 
Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking 
statements and information relating to the Issuer and its 
affiliates that are based on the current expectations, 
estimates, plans, strategic aims, vision statements, and 
projections of the Issuer's management and information 
currently available to the Issuer. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may 
cause the actual results of operations, financial condition, 
performance or achievements of the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates to be materially different from any future results, 
financial 
condition, 
performance 
or 
achievements 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
Terms and phrases such as “will”, “believe”, “expect”, 
“anticipate”, “intend”, “plan”, “predict”, “estimate”, “project”, 
“target”, “assume”, “may” and “could”, and variations of 
these words and similar expressions, are intended to 
identify forward-looking statements but are not the 
exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
The Issuer does not have an obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement, even if new information, future 
events or other circumstances have made them incorrect 
or misleading. 
No STS notification 
While the Issuer is established as a special purpose 
company for issuing the Digital Securities backed by the 
Underlying Assets as described in this Prospectus, no 
notification has been or is intended to be, communicated 
to ESMA in relation to the ‘Simple, Transparent, and 
Standardised’ (STS) criteria set out in the Securitisation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402. 
Consent to use this 
Prospectus 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any 
particular Class of Digital Securities, the Issuer consents 
to the use of this Prospectus in connection with a Non-
exempt Offer (i) by the financial intermediary/ies (each, an 
"Authorised Offeror"), (ii) during the offer period and (iii) 
subject to the relevant conditions, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Prospectus no Authorised Offeror has been designated so 
by the Issuer.

--- Page 13 ---
13 (169) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
An investment in Digital Securities involves a significant degree of risk. 
 
This section contains a number of selected risk factors, both risks pertaining to the Issuer and 
pertaining to the Digital Securities. The risk factors are presented in categories. Where a risk 
factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and 
in the most relevant category for such risk factor. The assessment of materiality of each risk 
factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their 
adverse impact is disclosed by rating the relevant risk as low, medium or high. 
 
The Issuer believes that the factors relating to the Issuer, its industry and the Digital Securities 
set out below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Digital Securities. All of these 
risk factors are risks which may or may not occur. 
 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of its investment in 
Digital Securities. 
 
A Security Holder may also lose some or the entire value of its investment or part of its 
investment in Digital Securities for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks 
by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able 
to anticipate. 
 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
 
Risk factors relating to Digital Currencies 
 
The value of a Digital Currency can change quickly and could even drop to zero 
 
The price of Bitcoin and other Digital Currencies is volatile and may be affected by a variety of 
factors. Should demand for a Digital Currency decrease or should it fail to achieve adoption 
among the Digital Currency community or should it suffer technological or coding failures or 
hacks, for example, then its value could drop sharply and permanently, which in turn would 
adversely affect the price at which investors are able or the ability of investors to trade the 
Digital Securities in the secondary markets. Disruption in the primary market for a Digital 
Currency could also force the Issuer to suspend creations and redemptions in the Digital 
Security or to call for a Compulsory Redemption.  
 
Risk Rating: High 
 
Valuation 
 
Digital Currencies do not represent an underlying claim on income or profits, nor do they 
represent a liability that must be repaid. Their value is a function of the perspective of the 
participants within the market place (or specific, given, market place) and supply and demand. 
As a result, the value of Digital Currencies may be more speculative and more volatile than 
traditional assets representing claims on income, or profits or debts. 
 
Furthermore, Digital Currencies may have different underlying investment theses or valuation 
drivers.  They may also present different risks.  The speculative nature of the underlying Digital 
Currencies can make it difficult to develop consistent valuation processes for the Digital

--- Page 14 ---
14 (169) 
Currencies and thereby the Digital Securities.  Furthermore, extreme volatility can impact the 
ability of Authorised Offerors and market makers to provide reliable, consistent pricing, which 
in turn could adversely affect the price at which investors are able to trade the Digital 
Securities in the secondary markets. 
 
Risk Rating: High 
 
Risks may differ between various Digital Currencies and their underlying protocols 
 
The Issuer may offer index and basket products that reference a wide variety of Digital 
Currencies, and some of those individual Digital Currencies may have risks that are not 
comparable to risks of other Digital Currencies.  Digital Currency characteristics such as the 
reputation of the founders, the robustness of the underlying protocol, the individual investment 
thesis (often referred to “tokenomics”), the number of developers involved in the protocol 
development, the use cases, the cyber security, the level of decentralisation and the adoption 
rate of the protocol are all important to the liquidity and price of the Digital Currency and, by 
extension, of the Digital Security tracking an index containing such Digital Currency.  Any of 
the above factors for a single Digital Currency could have a material adverse impact on the 
price of the relevant Digital Currency. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
Liquidity risk in the market for Digital Currencies 
 
Exchanges for Digital Currencies are not only new, but most are also unregulated. As a result, 
there is a risk of delay or failure of liquidity in the markets for Digital Currencies, market closures 
or liquidity failures can affect both the price and tradability of underlying Digital Currencies and, 
by extension, the Digital Securities. In such an event, the price of Digital Currencies may 
decline or be more volatile and price determination for a Digital Security may become more 
difficult. This may in turn reduce the ability of investors to trade the Digital Securities and/or 
adversely affect the price of the Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
Political risk in the market of Digital Currencies 
 
The legal status of Digital Currencies varies between different countries and is very much in 
transition. There exists a lack of regulatory consensus concerning the regulation of Digital 
Currencies in Europe. Future regulatory or political developments could adversely affect 
markets for Digital Currencies, their adoption and ultimately their value. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
Risk of loss of confidence in the Digital Currency protocols and their networks 
 
Digital Currencies are dependent on investors, users and other members of the digital asset 
maintaining confidence in their underlying protocols. 
 
For example, since the protocols for the Digital Currencies are public, the protocols can be 
particularly vulnerable to hacker attacks, which could materially damage confidence in the 
Digital Currency concerned and Digital Currencies in general and adversely affect their prices.

--- Page 15 ---
15 (169) 
Alternatively, should miners (or validators for proof of stake protocols) cease to register 
completed transactions within blocks which have been detached from the block chain, 
confidence in the protocol and network will decrease, which will reduce the value of the digital 
currency associated with that protocol. 
 
Finally, should digital currency exchanges lose confidence in a given protocol, they may decide 
to delist the underlying Digital Currency, which could materially impact the price or the liquidity 
of the Digital Currency.   
 
Recent events with digital currencies such as Luna and UST show such a loss of confidence 
can happen quickly, resulting in significant losses and material impact on the ability of the 
Digital Currency to trade. 
Should such a loss of confidence in the underlying protocol occur, the liquidity and/or value of 
the associated Digital Currency will decrease, which in turn would affect the liquidity and/or 
value of the corresponding Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
Risk of loss of confidence in the Digital Currency exchanges and market infrastructure 
 
Digital Currencies trade on a number of exchanges, many of which are unregulated.  
Disruptions to those exchanges, whether caused by hacks or fraud or operational issues, could 
materially impact the ability of digital currencies to trade, which in turn would impact their price. 
 
Furthermore, a loss of confidence in Digital Currency exchanges or market infrastructure could 
materially impact investor confidence in the overall market for Digital Currencies, which in turn 
could also impact their price, as the recent bankruptcy of the FTX Exchange has shown. 
 
Should such a loss of confidence or other material disruption to the digital currency exchanges 
occur, the liquidity and/or value of the Digital Currencies (whether directly or indirectly related 
to the exchange) could decrease, which in turn would affect the liquidity and/or value of Digital 
Securities in general. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
Risk of Liquidity in certain Proof of Stake Protocols 
  
Some proof of stake protocols (e.g., Polkadot) restrict transferability of coins that are 
contributed to a staking pool for a certain period. During such period, the coins remain property 
of the holder but cannot be transferred (as transfers cannot be registered on the protocol.) 
  
The Issuer may stake coins that are subject to such liquidity restrictions. As a result, the Issuer 
may hold coins subject to such restrictions, which in turn may hinder the Issuer in satisfying 
redemption requests. The Issuer will agree with the Staking Agent to provide a necessary 
liquidity bridge to ensure it can continue to satisfy redemption obligations while its holdings are 
restricted, but there can be no guarantee that the Staking Agent can provide such alternative 
liquidity. 
  
In the event the Staking Agent fails to provide such alternative liquidity, the Issuer may not be 
able to satisfy redemption requests until the liquidity restrictions are removed. Any interruption 
in the redemption process may (i) impact the ability of Authorised Offerors to redeem 
securities in a timely and consistent manner, (ii) impact the ability of market makers on

--- Page 16 ---
16 (169) 
exchanges to offer reliable prices at reasonable bid/ask spreads and (iii) consequently 
adversely affect the price at which investors are able to trade the Digital Securities in the 
secondary markets. 
  
Risk Rating: Medium 
  
Risk of Loss relating to Staking 
  
Certain proof of stake protocols impose penalties on validators who negligently validate 
transactions on the protocols. Such penalties can also be imposed due to inadvertent 
errors, technological problems and hacking. The penalties can comprise loss of rewards 
as well as a loss of initial coins staked. These penalties are commonly referred to as 
“slashing”. 
 
The Issuer may stake coins that are subject to slashing risk. The Staking Agent has agreed 
with the Issuer that it will indemnify the Issuer against any losses related to slashing. In the 
event of a slashing event, however, the Issuer will be dependent on the Staking Agent’s 
ability to satisfy its obligations under the indemnity. If the Staking Agent is unable to satisfy 
such obligations, the Issuer may have insufficient Digital Currency to satisfy its obligations 
to redeem Digital Securities backed by the Digital Currency subject to the slashing, and 
investors in such Digital Securities may suffer a loss. 
  
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Development of the Digital Currency protocols 
 
The protocols for Digital Currencies are publicly available and under development. Further 
development and acceptance of the protocols may be dependent on a number of factors. 
The development of any of these Digital Currencies may be prevented or delayed, should 
disagreements between participants, developers and members of the network arise. New 
and improved versions of the source code will be "voted" in by a majority of the members 
of the network carrying out the changes in their nodes, meaning upgrading their nodes to 
the latest version of the code. Should a situation arise where it is not possible to reach a 
majority in the network regarding the implementation of a new version of the protocol, this 
may mean that, among other things, the improvement of that protocol’s scalability may be 
restrained. Should the development of one of the Digital Currency protocols be prevented 
or delayed, this may adversely affect the value of the Digital Currency. 
 
Further, as the structure of the protocols for the Digital Currencies are public, a kind of 
direct compensation for the developers of the respective protocol is missing, which could 
lead to decreased incentives for continuous development of the protocols.  As protocols 
develop and mature and adoption increases among developers, this risk diminishes.  
Although this risk is largely conceptual, it cannot be wholly discounted.  Should protocols 
not develop further, the value of the associated Digital Currency will decrease, which in 
turn would affect the value of the Digital Securities negatively.  
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Errors in the Digital Currencies’ codes or protocols 
 
The source code of Digital Currencies is public and may be downloaded and viewed by 
anyone. Despite this, there may be errors in the respective codes that may jeopardise the 
integrity and security of one or more of these networks. Errors in the protocols of Tracked

--- Page 17 ---
17 (169) 
Digital Currencies that have larger user bases, wider adoption and more developers are more 
likely to be identified and corrected.  Errors for new protocols or those with fewer developers 
or lower adoption rates are more likely to face this risk. Although this risk is largely conceptual, 
it cannot be wholly discounted.  Should any such material error occur and be hard to overcome 
and/or easy to exploit improperly, the value of the associated Digital Currency will decrease, 
which in turn would affect the value of the Digital Securities negatively. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk of 51 per cent. Attacks 
 
The decentralised global P2P-network (peer-to-peer) of nodes making up the network for any 
particular Digital Currency should, to achieve high security, be spread across several 
participants. Should one participant control over 50% of all capacity to verify transactions in 
the network, there is a risk that such participant will be able to verify 100% of all transactions 
and thus earn all the rewards in the network. As private keys are needed to create transactions, 
the participant should not be able to create new transactions, however, the participant may in 
certain circumstances delete recent transactions. In practice, this would be impossible to 
accomplish without being discovered and it is difficult to see a scenario in which the participant 
would be able to achieve a financial profit. As protocols develop and mature and adoption 
increased among developers, this concentration risk diminishes.  Although this risk is largely 
conceptual, it cannot be wholly discounted.  Such a scenario would however be likely to 
materially damage confidence in the Digital Currency concerned and Tracked Digital 
Currencies in general and adversely affect their prices, which in turn would adversely affect 
the value of the Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk of ‘Cancerous’ Nodes 
 
This form of attack involves one or more malicious actors propagating “cancer nodes” to isolate 
certain users from the legitimate Digital Currency network. If a targeted user is surrounded by 
such cancer nodes they may be placed on a separate “network,” allowing the malicious actor(s) 
to relay only blocks created by the separate network in order to open the target to the risk of 
double-spending attacks or to cut them off from the relevant Digital Currency community 
entirely by not relaying any new blocks. Software programs exist to make such attacks more 
difficult to achieve through limitation of the number of outbound connections through which a 
user may be connected to the Digital Currency network. Such a scenario would however be 
likely to materially damage confidence in the Digital Currency concerned and Digital 
Currencies in general and adversely affect their prices. 
 
Although this risk is largely conceptual, it cannot be wholly discounted. Should such a loss of 
confidence in the underlying protocol occur, the value of the associated Digital Currency will 
decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk of Double-Spending 
 
This form of attack involves the malicious actor(s) creating a valid new block which contains 
an instance of a double-spend transaction. The release of the new block is timed so as to be 
added to the relevant Blockchain before a target user’s legitimate transaction can be included 
in a block. Such attacks are expensive to co-ordinate and require great speed and accuracy.

--- Page 18 ---
18 (169) 
They are most likely to be effective where a transaction requires zero-confirmations. Relying 
on multiple confirmations is believed to be an effective means of defence. Adjusting a user’s 
software programme to connect only to other well-connected nodes and to disable incoming 
connections is an additional precaution that can be taken. Such a scenario would however be 
likely to materially damage confidence in the Digital Currency concerned and Digital 
Currencies in general and adversely affect their prices. 
 
Although this risk is largely conceptual, it cannot be wholly discounted.  Should such a loss of 
confidence in the underlying protocol occur, the value of the associated Digital Currency will 
decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
General Storage Risk for Digital Currencies 
 
Digital Currencies reside on the public blockchain in a distributed ledger. Evidence of 
ownership is not recorded by a central authority at a single location, but rather distributed 
among a network of users. The ledger in a public blockchain is transparent, and everyone can 
view the public addresses to which Digital Currencies can be sent. However, to evidence 
ownership of the coins from a particular address and transfer them to another address requires 
the use of a private cryptographic key. The private cryptographic key is the sole way to 
evidence ownership, and whoever controls that key controls the Digital Currencies held at its 
public addresses. As a result, securing the private keys that enable assets to be transferred is 
crucial to safeguarding ownership and control of the assets. 
 
Storage of private keys is constantly evolving and there are now multiple methods to store the 
keys and multiple security protocols governing access to the private keys. One of the most 
popular methods is to independently hold private keys either in paper or electronic form. 
Independent storage of private keys involves the primary risk of permanent loss of such key, 
which in turn would result in the permanent loss in the ability to evidence ownership in the 
digital assets (including Digital Currency) linked to that private key. This could be either through 
forgetting encryption passwords to access keys or losing the recovery seed to hardware 
wallets. Alternatively, investors may underestimate the requirement to ensure effective 
backups of keys, risking the loss of their investments if the medium used to physically store 
private keys was to fail, rendering the digital assets inaccessible and incapable of being 
realised. Instances of investors losing access to digital assets may adversely affect the levels 
of adoption and use of digital assets (including Digital Currencies), as well as investor 
sentiment towards them. This could adversely affect the price of Digital Currencies and 
consequently the value of an investment in Digital Securities. 
 
The Issuer will partner with reputable specialist institutional crypto custody firm(s) to minimise 
the risk of loss of assets. Institutional custodian solutions may vary in their specific security 
implementation and process. However, they often will offer duplicate high security wallets or 
vaults for safekeeping of private keys with elaborate security protocols surrounding access to 
such keys and withdrawals from addresses associated with the private keys stored or 
encrypted in the vault. Such arrangements offer high levels of security versus other ways of 
holding cryptocurrencies. However, there is no guarantee than these arrangements fully 
protect from loss of assets. Furthermore such elaborate security protocols may delay access 
to assets, either as a normal aspect of operational procedure or in the event the custodian 
were to experience any kind of systematic failure relating to technology, process or people. 
Either of these situations could result in a loss in cases where the price of the relevant 
cryptocurrencies moves adversely.

--- Page 19 ---
19 (169) 
The jurisdiction or geography in which private keys are stored by the custodian firm, in case 
they are stored physically or on paper, may also affect the ability of an investor to withdraw 
assets in instances where regulation changes. A successful hacking attempt on a reputable 
custodian may (i) adversely affect the levels of adoption and use of digital assets (including 
Digital Currencies), (ii) investor sentiment towards them, and (iii) adversely affect the price of 
Digital Currencies and consequently the value of an investment in Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Specific Storage Risk for Digital Currencies (Komainu (Jersey) Limited) 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, Komainu (Jersey) Limited (Komainu), a company owned by 
Nomura Holdings Inc., the Japanese Investment Bank, Ledger SA, the specialist cyber security 
company and CoinShares International Limited is Custodian to the Issuer’s digital currencies. 
 
The Issuer’s custody accounts can only be accessed by a representative who has been 
registered and permissioned by Komainu and who has received a Komainu personal security 
device. 
 
All digital currency will be held on a segregated basis within the Komainu Custody solution, 
operated in a multi signature environment, accessed via a Komainu portal and authorized via 
the hardware personal security devices, subject to a bespoke set of rules and Komainu 
minimum control standards. 
 
It is a possible that the Custodian or a system interfacing with the Custodian could be subject 
to a hacking attempt. Such attempt if successful could result in the loss of Digital Currency, or 
make it impossible for the Issuer to create or redeem Digital Securities. As discussed in more 
detail below in “No recourse except to the Issuer and the Secured Property,” any loss of Digital 
Currency held by the custodian will not be recoverable by other assets and Security Holders 
could suffer a loss as they cannot realise the full value of their investment. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Amendments to a Digital Currency’s protocol and “forking” 
 
Digital currency protocols are open source, consensus based technologies. This means that 
the digital currency community (generally a group of core developers but it may also include 
other members such as miners and digital currency holders) are unofficially responsible for the 
periodic releases of updates to the protocol’s source-code. It also means that various members 
of the protocol may make proposals for a wide variety of updates and changes to the digital 
currency protocol’s code.   
Such updates and changes are only effective if accepted by users, miners, wallets and 
companies which collectively have a prescribed majority of the processing power on the 
network at the relevant time. Disputes around such updates and changes can and do arise. If 
a change is not accepted by the community, then it is possible that those proposing the change 
can copy the protocol’s records at the time of the change and use that to run a new network 
with their proposed changes.  This is known as a ‘fork’ in the digital currency network, whereby 
one network (and the coins associated with it) will run the pre-modification source-code and 
the other network (and its associated coins) will run the modified source-code.  
Holders of the underlying digital currency before a forking event will technically own each of 
the resulting coins, which shared a common transaction history before the fork. Which of such 
resulting coins may henceforth be recognised by the community as being (the true or real) can

--- Page 20 ---
20 (169) 
often be difficult to determine for a period of time following such fork. Bitcoin exchanges have 
a particularly significant function to play in the determination in such regard. A new coin 
resulting from a fork may also change the speed at which new blocks are added to the 
Blockchain, which can result in a distortion of the consensus mechanism with which each coin 
is created subsequent to the fork. 
Forks can create significant uncertainty around the functioning of both the existing and the new 
network (as well as around the value of the digital currencies associated with those networks) 
which results in the creation of a new coin which can present a number of operational 
difficulties, and can even jeopardise the functioning of the protocol. Such uncertainty can affect 
the ability of the underlying network to function as well as the price discovery of both the 
existing and new digital currency.  As a result, a fork may affect the listing and price in any 
relevant class of the Digital Securities.    
Furthermore, the Issuer has discretion over whether and how to distribute the proceeds of any 
fork that may arise from the receipt of the new digital asset associated with the fork; it may not 
be practical or possible for the Issuer to distribute such proceeds to investors.    
Risk Rating: Low 
 
The Issuer has discretion over how to treat any new coin created by a hard fork 
 
If a permanent fork were to occur with respect to an underlying Digital Currency, the Issuer 
could hold in respect of a class of Digital Securities amounts of the original and the new Digital 
Currency as a result. In that event, the Issuer will have discretion on how to handle any 
distribution of such new Underlying Asset. The Issuer could choose (i) to adjust the rights of 
the Digital Securities so that such new Digital Currency will constitute an additional underlying 
asset in respect of such Digital Securities; (ii) to sell such new Digital Currency, invest the 
proceeds in the original underlying Digital Currency and then adjust the Coin Entitlement of 
such Digital Securities; (iii) to sell such new Digital Currency, distribute the proceeds to 
investors on a pro rata basis; (iv) to distribute such new Digital Currency to investors on a pro 
rata basis to their holdings of Digital Securities, (v) to create and distribute a new class of 
Digital Security with the new Digital Currency as an Underlying Asset or (vi) to surrender, 
discard or dispose of such new Digital Currency for its own benefit. It is uncertain whether the 
value of any such distribution would equal the change in the value of the Digital Securities 
resulting from such distribution. 
 
It may be necessary for the listing in any relevant class of the Digital Securities to be 
suspended for a period whilst the determination of the coin which is accepted as continuing to 
be the ‘true’ coin is undertaken. The need for any such suspension is considered to be a 
reflection of the market dynamics for the underlying asset, rather than a deficiency to which 
the Issuer is uniquely subject. 
 
It may not be possible, or desirable, for the Issuer to apply for listing of any new class of Digital 
Securities referenced to a new coin resulting from a fork. 
 
Consequently, a permanent fork could materially and adversely affect the value of the Digital 
Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 21 ---
21 (169) 
Risk factors relating to the Digital Securities 
 
Market risk due to lack of capital protection under the Digital Securities 
 
The Coin Entitlement to be paid by the Issuer on redemption of any Digital Security depends 
on the performance of the relevant Digital Currency. The Digital Securities issued under this 
Base Prospectus are therefore neither fully nor partially capital protected. Investors may lose 
part or all of their initial investment. 
 
Risk Rating: High 
 
Secondary market, volatile market rates, tracking error and liquidity risk 
 
Although redemption entitlement in the primary market is related to the Coin Entitlement as 
determined by the formula in the Conditions, price determination in the secondary market 
follows customary market mechanisms relating to the Digital Securities and their exposure. 
The bid/offer prices in the secondary market may thus become either higher or lower than the 
price at which the respective underlying Digital Currency trade. Although price determination 
in the secondary market is expected to be based on established calculation models and the 
price of the relevant Digital Currency, it is also dependent on supply and demand as well as 
development of a liquid secondary market. In the light of the volatility which can be historically 
observed in the prices for the Digital Currencies, it seems possible that market prices for the 
Digital Securities in the secondary market will be volatile. 
 
Even if the Digital Securities are listed on a regulated market, there may be low or no demand 
for and/or trading in the Digital Securities. This can result in investors being unable to sell their 
Digital Securities at a price equal to or related to the value of the Coin Entitlement. A lack of 
an efficient market place and a liquid secondary market may consequently adversely affect the 
market value of the Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
The market makers’ obligations are limited 
 
Even where the Digital Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market, a market 
maker in the Digital Securities will only be obliged to provide bid/ask prices under the conditions 
contained in the rules applicable on the relevant regulated market and, as applicable, in 
agreements between the market maker and the Issuer. In general, these conditions entail that 
the market maker is required to provide rates and prices under normal market conditions and 
within a certain spread at all times. However, the market maker is not obliged to secure a 
certain minimum level rate, to purchase unlimited numbers of the Digital Securities or provide 
any minimum volume of trading in abnormal market conditions or other similar obligations. Any 
interruption in the delivery of efficient pricing on exchange may consequently adversely affect 
the price at which investors are able to trade the Digital Securities in the secondary markets. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
Regulatory limits or consequences for investors 
 
Investments in the Digital Securities in the light of their exposure to Digital Currencies must 
always be assessed by every investor based on the circumstances and legal and regulatory 
conditions applicable to that investor. An investor governed by such conditions may be subject

--- Page 22 ---
22 (169) 
to limited possibilities to invest in the Digital Securities and/or experience unforeseeable 
consequences of a holding in the Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
Currency risk 
 
The Digital Securities are denominated in US Dollars and most trading in Digital Currencies 
occurs in US Dollars. The volatility of the US Dollar may therefore have an impact on the prices 
provided in the secondary market for currencies other than the US Dollar. Any investor whose 
trading is denominated in such currencies may therefore see the market value of the Digital 
Securities affected by fluctuations in the value of the US Dollar as well as the price of the 
underlying Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Historical market data does not show future values 
 
Historical prices are no guarantee for or indication of future price levels for the Digital Securities 
and/or the relevant Digital Currencies in relation to US Dollars. Historical trading patterns do 
not necessarily repeat themselves in the future and if an investor relies on historical trading 
patterns in the context of a forward-looking investment strategy, this may lead to the investment 
strategy failing and the investor incurring a loss. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
De-listing 
 
Although the Digital Securities will be admitted to trading on one or more exchanges, there is 
a risk that the Issuer may not succeed in maintaining this status for the Digital Securities of 
any class. If one or more regulated markets decides that the Digital Securities of any class 
should no longer remain admitted to trading, regardless of whether this is due to circumstances 
assignable to the Issuer, the Digital Securities, the relevant Digital Currencies, the market 
maker(s) and/or changed rules or any other reason, there is a risk that the Issuer will not 
succeed in having the Digital Securities of such class admitted to trading on another regulated 
market or other stock exchange or market. 
 
Such a course of events would probably worsen the liquidity, disposal opportunities and the 
market value for the Digital Securities of such class and thus create risks of losses for 
investors. If a delisting were to occur and no other listing obtained within an appropriate time 
frame, the Issuer may be required to exercise its right to redeem the Digital Securities early. 
Such early Redemption will only occur following a notice period and investors risk that the 
market price and liquidity on the secondary market as well as the final settlement amount are 
negatively impacted in such a scenario. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Compulsory Redemption 
 
The Digital Securities may be compulsorily redeemed at the Issuer’s election in accordance 
with the Conditions. Redemption at the Issuer’s election may cause the Digital Securities to be 
Redeemed when the value of the Digital Securities is lower than the purchase price of the 
Digital Securities. This may cause investors to lose part or all of their investments.

--- Page 23 ---
23 (169) 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Trustee 
 
In connection with the exercise of its function, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of 
the Security Holders as a class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise 
for individual Security Holders and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any 
Security Holder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect 
of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Security Holders. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Tax 
 
Depending on the investor’s country of residence, a holding in the Digital Securities (which are 
structured as debt securities) and/or a deemed holding of certain Underlying Assets may have 
tax implications, such as value added tax or capital gains tax. Investors are advised to consult 
with their tax advisers as to their specific consequences. Therefore, investors should consider 
whether such tax liabilities apply when investing in the Digital Securities. Each investor will 
assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction, including central 
government or local state taxes or other like assessment or charges which may be applied in 
respect of Digital Securities. In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is 
imposed on payments on the Digital Securities, the Security Holders will be subject to such tax 
or deduction and will not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for such withholding or 
deduction. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Trading Hours 
 
The Digital Securities will trade only during regular trading hours on the Relevant Stock 
Exchange on which they are listed or traded. The relevant Underlying Assets may trade on 
exchanges which operate globally, 24 hours, seven days a week. To the extent that any 
Relevant Stock Exchange is closed while the markets for the Underlying Assets remains open, 
significant price movements may take place at a time during which an investor in the Digital 
Securities may not be able to trade. This may limit Security Holders’ ability to react to price 
movements or volatility in the markets for the relevant Underlying Asset. Additionally, Security 
Holders will not be able to sell or redeem Digital Securities until the Relevant Stock Exchange 
is open for trading. In these circumstances, a Security Holder may suffer a loss if the cash 
value of the Digital Securities at that time is less than it would otherwise have been if sold or 
Redeemed at a time when the Relevant Stock Exchange was closed but other markets in 
Underlying Assets remained open. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Security Holder directions 
 
The Conditions of the Digital Securities permit the holders of 25 per cent. or more (by Principal 
Amount) of the outstanding affected Digital Securities following the occurrence of (i) an Issuer 
Insolvency Event or (ii) an Agency Agreement Default to direct the Trustee to take proceedings 
against or in relation to the to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument 
and the security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all outstanding and affected

--- Page 24 ---
24 (169) 
Digital Securities. The Trustee will not however be obliged to take any step or action or to act 
in accordance with any such direction unless the Trustee has been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
 
Consequently, an investment in Digital Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a 
Security Holder and on short notice. In these circumstances, a Security Holder may suffer a 
loss if the Redemption Amount of the Digital Securities at that time is less than it would 
otherwise have been if redeemed on a day chosen by the Security Holder. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Custodian non-performance on Redemption by Physical Delivery 
 
In the case of a Redemption to be effected by Physical Delivery, the Issuer will instruct the 
Custodian to effect a transfer of the Coin Entitlement of the Digital Securities being redeemed 
to the Security Holder. There may be circumstances in which a Custodian fails to effect such 
a transfer in accordance with such instructions. In that event, the Issuer will not be responsible 
to or liable to the Security Holder for such failure. The Issuer will to the extent practicable 
procure the assignment to the redeeming Security Holder of its claims against the Custodian 
in respect of the Coin Entitlement that has not been transferred, but it may not be practicable 
to assign such claims and such claims may be of little or no value. As a result, a Custodian’s 
failure to effect such a transfer may result in the Security Holder losing all of its investment. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Credit risk on third parties in relation to Cash Settlement 
 
In the case of a Redemption to be effected by Cash Settlement, the Issuer will instruct the Coin 
Sales Agent to sell on its behalf the aggregate Coin Entitlement of the Digital Securities being 
redeemed. The Coin Sales Agency Agreement does not require the Coin Sales Agent to sell 
the Digital Currencies composed in the Coin Entitlement to a party to any Programme 
Document or to a person that meets any particular requirements or to sell such Digital 
Currencies on any particular terms. There is no requirement under the Programme to require 
the counterparty to any such sale to grant any security or provide any collateral in respect of 
the obligations it owes to the Issuer in respect of the sale. There may be circumstances in 
which such counterparty fails to perform its obligations under such sale and fails to pay the 
consideration for the purchase of the Digital Currencies to the Issuer. The Issuer will to the 
extent practicable procure the assignment to the redeeming Security Holder of its claims 
against such counterparty in respect of the redeeming Security Holder’s share in the proceeds 
of the sale of such Digital Currencies that has not been paid, but it may not be practicable to 
assign such claims and such claims may be of little or no value. As a result, the failure of a 
counterparty to pay such proceeds to the Issuer may result in the Security Holder losing all of 
its investment. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Timing of settlement of Redemptions and Compulsory Redemptions 
 
The Conditions of the Programme grant the Issuer discretion as to the exact timing of 
Redemptions and Compulsory Redemptions of Digital Securities. This reflects that there is no 
set timescale for the settlement of transactions in Digital Securities. This means that there is 
no certainty that a holder of Digital Securities will receive settlement of a Redemption or 
Compulsory Redemption on any particular date.

--- Page 25 ---
25 (169) 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risks Relating to the Indices and Digital Index Securities 
 
Digital Index Securities Replication of the Index 
 
The Digital Index Securities may not precisely replicate the composition (and, as a result the 
performance) of the Index at all times.  The Determination Agent will, on behalf of the Issuer, 
buy or sell Digital Currencies composing the relevant Index in order to effect a Rebalancing.  
Its ability to do so in a way that precisely replicates the relevant Index is dependent on the 
prices at which it can effectuate such transactions.  The Determination Agent may have to 
invest in amounts of Digital Currency that do not fully correlate to the weighting of each 
Underlying Type of Digital Currency in the relevant Index composition.  Any such difference 
will in turn affect the Index Entitlement of the Digital Index Securities, which will in turn affect 
the price, resulting in a divergence between the value of the Digital Index Security and the 
Index (often referred to as a tracking difference).   
If the Issuer determines that the tracking difference is excessive, it may, at its discretion, direct 
the Determination Agent to perform a Voluntary Rebalancing to reduce the difference.  There 
can be no guarantee that such Voluntary Rebalancing will ensure that the Digital Index 
Securities precisely replicate the composition or the weighting of the Index. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Index changes and continuity 
 
The Index Sponsor may add, delete or substitute the Digital Currencies that comprise the 
relevant Index or make other changes to the methodology for determining the assets to be 
included in the Index or for valuing the Index. 
The composition of the Index may change over time to satisfy eligibility criteria applicable to 
the Index or the rules of the Index may permit the Index calculation agent (in certain 
circumstances) to make determinations, calculations, modifications and/or other adjustments 
to the Index, the eligibility criteria and related matters. These rules may also permit these 
changes to be made based on a certain amount of discretion.  As the value of the Digital Index 
Securities is (subject to Rebalancing issues) directly related to the composition of the Index, 
changes in that composition or to other parts of the Index methodology could adversely affect 
the value of the Digital Index Securities. 
If the Index Sponsor were to include a Digital Currency that was not eligible for the regulated 
markets on which the relevant Digital Index Security is listed for trading, such inclusion could 
result in the relevant Digital Index Security being delisted from that regulated market.  
Furthermore, if the Index Sponsor includes a Digital Currency that is not supported by a 
Custodian, discontinues or suspends calculation or publication of the Index or fails to calculate 
or publish the Index, the value of the Digital Index Securities could be adversely affected, they 
may be delisted or an early redemption may be carried out by the Issuer. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Rebalancing Risk 
 
When the composition of the Index is adjusted in accordance with the relevant index 
methodology, the Determination Agent will have to buy/sell Digital Currency of the relevant

--- Page 26 ---
26 (169) 
Underlying Types and in the relevant amounts to match, as far as reasonably practical, the 
new composition of the Index. 
It may not be reasonably practical or feasible to match the new composition after a 
Rebalancing of the relevant Index, in particular during periods of market disruption or for Digital 
Currencies that are not supported by a Custodian. 
Furthermore, the Determination Agent will transact in the open market and there can be no 
assurances that any counterparty to such transaction will satisfy its obligations, nor will any 
such counterparty be required to grant security or post collateral for a failure to perform its 
obligations.  
Any difference between the Index Entitlement and the composition could adversely affect the 
value of the Digital Index Securities, as changes in the Index value may not be reflected in 
changes in the Index Entitlement. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Interests of the Index Sponsor may not align with Investors’ interests 
 
The Index Sponsor is not required to regard interests of Security Holders in respect of its 
creation, operation or maintenance of an Index, including any decision whether to discontinue 
publication of an Index.  Actions taken by the Index Sponsor in respect of an Index may 
adversely impact the value of a Digital Index Security.  No Index Sponsor will have any 
responsibility, duty or obligation to any Security Holder. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
 
Risks related to the short business history and limited business objective of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer was formed on 9 August 2018 under the name “Global Advisors Corporate Services 
Limited”, as a private limited company for the sole purpose of providing corporate secretarial 
and directorship services to affiliates within the CoinShares group structure. The Issuer 
changed its name to “CoinShares Digital Securities Limited” by written resolution dated 30 
June 2020 and its status to a public company pursuant to a written resolution dated 28 July 
2020. 
 
The sole business of the Issuer is to issue exchange traded products. There is a risk that the 
Issuer will not be successful in its issue of exchange traded products, which in turn will impact 
the Issuer’s profitability. If the Issuer becomes unsuccessful in the issuance of exchange 
traded products, the Issuer may cease its business activities as issuer or ultimately may 
become insolvent. 
 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 27 ---
27 (169) 
Operational risk 
 
Operational risks are risks relating to losses which the Issuer may encounter on grounds of 
incorrect or insufficient systems and controls, human error as well as legal risks. Operational 
complexity exists, in particular, around creation and redemption and the con-current 
management of flow of Digital Currencies.  The occurrence of such operational risks, in 
particular those around creation and redemption, may adversely affect liquidity in the Digital 
Securities and/or, may adversely affect the Issuer’s reputation and operating results and/or its 
ability to continue offering the Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk of conflicts of interest 
 
Save as set out below, none of the members of the Board of Directors has a private interest 
or other duties resulting from their directorship of other companies, enterprises, undertakings 
or otherwise, that may be in conflict with the interests of the Issuer. 
 
Several legal entities belonging to or affiliated with the same group of companies may from 
time to time acquire, hold and/or divest any position in Digital Securities issued by the Issuer, 
including CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited, an affiliate of the Issuer, which 
provides a number of services to the Issuer. Such entities will act in their respective capacity 
as purchaser, holder or seller of any such Digital Securities and not in the interest of any other 
holders of Digital Securities. If any material conflict of interest were to arise and it could not be 
resolved, it could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to continue offering the Digital Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Litigation Risks 
 
The Issuer is not but may become involved in litigation, regulatory and arbitration proceedings 
from time to time, with investors, regulatory authorities or other claimants. Even if the Issuer is 
successful in defending such proceedings or resolves any claims to the satisfaction of the 
parties involved, and whether covered by insurance or otherwise, the Issuer may suffer from 
the distraction of management resources to such proceedings, or incur costs and possibly face 
harm to its reputation from case related publicity. The Issuer’s involvement in such proceedings 
or settlements may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Other Legal Risks 
 
No Recourse except to the Issuer and the Secured Property 
 
The Issuer is a special purpose company established for the purpose of issuing exchange 
traded products (ETPs) as asset backed securities. Any claims made against the Issuer will 
be satisfied in order of the priority of payments further details of which are set out in Condition 
13 (Application of Moneys) as set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). Claims for 
all amounts due to the Trustee and to payment of any remuneration and expense of any 
receiver and the costs of realisations of the security will rank above those of investors. If the 
net proceeds from the enforcement of the Secured Property in respect of a particular Pool, 
following enforcement of the Security Deed in respect of that Pool, are not sufficient to meet

--- Page 28 ---
28 (169) 
all obligations and make all payments then due in respect of the Digital Securities of that class, 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Digital Securities of that class will be limited to 
the net proceeds of realisation of that Secured Property. In such circumstances the assets (if 
any) of the Issuer other than those attributable to the relevant Pool will not be available to meet 
any shortfall, the rights of the relevant Security Holders to receive any further amounts in 
respect of such obligations will be extinguished and none of the Security Holders or the Trustee 
may take any further action to recover such amounts. In these circumstances a Security Holder 
will suffer a loss as they cannot realise the full value of their investment. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
 
The Trustee may enforce the Security at its discretion but is only required to enforce the 
Security on behalf of a Security Holder if it is directed to do so: 
 
(a) by a Security Holder to whom a Delivery Default is owed; or 
 
(b) if an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer or an Agency Agreement Default has 
occurred and  
 
(c) is continuing, (i) in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by 
Principal Amount (as at the date of the last signature) of the Digital Securities (as a 
whole) then outstanding, or (ii) by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
 
in each case provided that the Trustee will not however be obliged to take any step or action 
or to act in accordance with any such direction unless the Trustee has been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. In circumstances where the Trustee is not obliged 
to enforce the Security, a Security Holder will have no right to proceed directly against the 
Issuer and may therefore not be able to realise the value of their investment. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Administration and Winding-Up Proceedings in England and stays 
 
Under Section 426 of the Insolvency Act 1986, the English Courts may, if requested by a Court 
in a “relevant country or territory” (including Jersey), make an administration or winding up 
order in respect of a foreign company, such as the Issuer. 
 
If the Issuer were placed in administration in England, the effect would be that during the period 
of administration, the affairs, business and property of the Issuer would be managed by a 
person known as an administrator and this could affect the ability of a Security Holder to 
redeem their Digital Securities at a time of their choosing, which could mean a delay in the 
return of the underlying assets to Security Holders and a loss if the value of the underlying 
asset has reduced in the intervening period. During the period beginning with making an 
application for an administration order and ending with the making of such an order or the 
dismissal of the application, no steps could be taken to enforce the Security except with the 
leave of the Court and subject to such terms as the Court may impose. In the case of 
administration, while the Issuer remained in administration no steps could be taken to enforce 
the Security, except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the Court and subject 
to such terms as the Court might impose. It is also open to the administrator to apply to the 
Court to sell property subject to the Security free from the Security. The administrator must 
however account to the Trustee for the proceeds of sale.

--- Page 29 ---
29 (169) 
Under the Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 a foreign insolvency representative, in 
this case the insolvency representative of the Issuer in Jersey, may apply to the English Courts, 
inter alia, to commence insolvency proceedings under English law (which could include 
administration) or to have the English Courts recognise a foreign insolvency proceeding, or to 
have the English Courts grant a stay of any enforcement of any security. If any such application 
were made, it could affect the ability of the Trustee to enforce the Security. 
 
If the Issuer were placed in liquidation in England, the Security could be enforced by the 
Trustee on behalf of the Security Holders. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Floating Charges 
 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
 
(i) they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative 
pledge contained in the floating charge) and the chargees of the assets concerned and 
against lien holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off even if 
crystallised prior to the commencement of the winding-up; 
 
(ii) they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and certain 
taxes on winding-up; 
 
(iii) they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
 
(iv) the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the 
floating charge; and 
 
(v) they rank after fixed charges. 
 
The ability of the Trustee to appoint an administrator under the floating charge constituted by 
the Security Deed will depend on whether, at any time of the exercise of any rights as a 
qualifying floating charge holder to appoint an administrator, that floating charge is over all or 
substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and the Issuer is a company to which the Insolvency 
Act 1986 applies. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Status of Digital Currency as property under English law 
 
Although the Security Deed purports to create a floating charge over the Digital Currency held 
by the Issuer, it also contains a provision that nothing in it is to be construed or understood to 
contain any warranty, assurance or representation on the part of the Issuer that Digital 
Currency constitutes a form of property as a matter of English law or that the security thereby 
purported to be created is enforceable against the Digital Currency held by or for the Issuer as 
a property right as a matter of English law. It is unclear what law governs the Digital Currency 
held by or for the Issuer and were the Trustee to seek to exercise its enforcement rights under 
the Security Deed it is unclear whether such rights would be enforceable. 
 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 30 ---
30 (169) 
Recognition of Security in other Jurisdictions 
 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may not recognise the security created by the Security Deed 
over some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property or may require that additional 
registration or perfection steps be taken in order for such security to be recognised or to rank 
ahead of other claims in respect of such assets or to be enforceable as against certain third 
parties and not vulnerable to being set aside in certain circumstances. In those circumstances, 
such security may not be effective in relation to assets deemed located in that jurisdiction, 
obligations governed by the laws of that jurisdiction or owing by a party incorporated or located 
in that jurisdiction and/or owing to a party not incorporated or located in that jurisdiction and/or 
such assets may be subject to claims which would otherwise rank after claims secured by the 
Security Deed and/or the security over such assets may not be enforceable as against third 
parties and/or may be set aside in certain circumstances. In the event that it becomes 
necessary to enforce the security granted by the Security Deed in a jurisdiction that does not 
recognise such security (or in which it has not been registered and/or perfected) there may be 
delays in enforcing the security or it may not be possible to enforce such security which could 
result in losses to Security Holders. 
 
In addition, the nature of the security granted by the Security Deed over the assets comprising 
the Secured Property may be characterised differently in different jurisdictions and/or no 
distinction drawn in such jurisdictions between the various security interests created by the 
Security Deed. This may result in some or all of the security granted by the Security Deed 
ranking behind other creditors of the Issuer. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
The claims of Security Holders are subordinated upon enforcement of the Security 
 
The Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the 
subject of the Security Deed in the applicable order of priority set out in Condition 13 
(Application of Moneys) as set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and the Conditions) under which 
amounts due to the Security Holders of any class will be subordinated to amounts due to the 
Trustee itself and any receiver(s), in each case in relation to the Digital Securities of that class. 
 
Following the priority of payments, the security may be insufficient and the Issuer may not be 
able to return the full amounts due to Security Holders who may suffer a loss as a result. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Regulatory Risk 
 
The Issuer may be required by the rules of an exchange (other than the SIX Swiss Exchange) 
to which the Digital Securities are admitted to trading to have a minimum number of market 
makers. If a market maker ceases to act as market maker and a replacement cannot be found 
and as a result the Issuer cannot meet the minimum requirement, the relevant exchange may 
require the Digital Securities to cease trading which may make it harder for a Security Holder 
to sell their Digital Securities at a time of their choosing and which could lead to a loss to a 
Security Holder if, when they are subsequently able to sell their Digital Securities, the value of 
those Digital Securities has dropped below the value of the Digital Securities when the Security 
Holder initially sought to sell them. 
 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 31 ---
31 (169) 
Changes in Regulation 
 
The combination of the nature of the Issuer’s activities, the markets to which it is exposed, the 
institutions with which it does business and the securities which it issues makes it particularly 
exposed to national, international and supranational regulatory action and taxation changes. 
The scope and requirements of regulation and taxation applicable to the Issuer continues to 
change and evolve and there is a risk that as a result it may prove more difficult or impossible, 
or more expensive, for the Issuer to continue to carry on their functions in the manner currently 
contemplated. This may require that changes are made in the future to the agreements 
applicable to the Programme and may result in changes to the commercial terms of the Digital 
Securities and/or the inability to apply for and Redeem Digital Securities and/or Compulsory 
Redemption of some or all of the Digital Securities and/or disruption to the pricing thereof.   
 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 32 ---
32 (169) 
 
PART 1 
GENERAL 
 
Introduction 
 
The Issuer has established a programme under which it has created and made available for 
issue different classes of securities, collectively referred to as Digital Securities, each of which 
provides exposure to a basket or Index composed of underlying digital assets. 
 
Digital Securities are intended to offer investors means of investing in the digital asset market 
without the necessity of taking delivery of or storing Digital Currencies in personal wallets. 
Investors can buy and sell Digital Securities through the trading of securities listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange, Xetra, Euronext Amsterdam and Paris (and on any other exchange to which 
they may be admitted to trading from time to time). 
 
Digital Securities have an effective notional entitlement to a basket or Index, comprising Digital 
Currencies, known, respectively, as Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement.  The Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlements are themselves composed of effective notional entitlements 
to individual Digital Currencies, known as a Coin Entitlement, (expressed as a quantity of the 
relevant Digital Currency comprising the basket or Index).  Digital Securities aim (before 
management fees and subject to any tracking difference relating to Rebalancing) to provide 
an investor with the same return that they would gain from investing directly in the Digital 
Currencies comprising the basket or Index.  
 
As a result of the Application and Redemption mechanism, the Digital Securities are “physically 
backed” – that is, they maintain a direct relationship to the value of the underlying by holding 
that underlying. The precise rights attached to the Digital Securities, including deductions in 
respect of management fees and how they are applied, are set out in the Conditions which are 
reproduced in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions) and described in more detail below and 
in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities), and an illustration of the effect of these rights, 
including worked examples, is set out in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder Determine the 
Value of their Investment?). 
 
General Description of Digital Securities 
 
A Digital Security is a non-interest bearing, undated, secured, limited recourse debt obligation 
of the Issuer, which entitles a Security Holder (provided it is an Authorised Participant) to 
require redemption of the Digital Security and on the Settlement Date receive the respective 
amounts of the relevant Underlying Types of Digital Currency equal to the Coin Entitlements 
comprising the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement (as the case may be). In certain 
circumstances (i) when there are no Authorised Participants or a Security Holder elects for 
Physical Delivery, a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant is entitled to require 
redemption of a Digital Security directly with the Issuer in return for the respective amounts of 
Digital Currency equal to the aggregate Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of the Digital 
Securities to be redeemed or (ii) (as required by the rules and regulations of the SFSA), when 
there are no Authorised Participants or if such delivery is prohibited, for cash obtained by the 
sale by the Coin Sales Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) of the respective amounts of Digital 
Currency equal to the aggregate Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of the Digital 
Securities to be redeemed. 
 
Each class of Digital Security has a continuous issue and redemption process, under which 
additional Digital Securities of such class may be issued to Authorised Participants, and Digital

--- Page 33 ---
33 (169) 
Securities may be redeemed, on a daily basis on any business day. 
 
A Security Holder of Digital Securities who is not an Authorised Participant who requires the 
redemption by way of delivery of Digital Currency may do so on a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday or a public holiday in England) on which banks are open for business in England 
and Jersey, in which case the Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, 
receive delivery of the respective amounts of Digital Currency equal to the aggregate Index 
Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of the Digital Securities to be redeemed (minus all relevant 
deductions including a Physical Delivery Fee currently equal to five per cent. of the aggregate 
Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement to be redeemed) to its personal Digital Wallet.  A 
personal Digital Wallet is generally defined as a physical device, software program or service 
that holds the public and private keys for transactions in a given digital currency.  The personal 
Digital Wallet can be held directly by an individual or via a custodian or other third party.  The 
wallet is represented by a public key, which is like an address to and from which the wallet 
holder may receive and send Digital Currency.  A Security Holder may obtain a personal Digital 
Wallet in a number of ways, the most recognised of which comprise opening an account with 
a digital currency exchange, purchasing a physical device or software program to hold the 
public and private keys or working with an established digital currency custodian. 
 
The Digital Securities are backed by Digital Currencies, the private keys to which are 
maintained in the Custodian’s custody solution. 
 
Digital Currencies, which are the reference assets for the Digital Securities, represent both 
novel technologies as well as new asset classes. As a result, they may include risks that 
investors generally do not expect from other types of assets and commodities, including (but 
not limited to), risks relating to the loss of the underlying asset held by the Custodian. The 
recovery of such assets if lost due to hacking or fraud may be exacerbated by the lack of a 
central intermediary, the anonymity of Digital Currency accounts and the immutability of the 
decentralized databases (known as distributed ledgers) which record ownership. The Digital 
Securities and the underlying assets in respect of the Digital Securities should therefore be 
considered to be highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk, including the risk of a 
total loss of all capital invested. See further the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk 
Factors”. 
 
Basket Entitlement, Index Entitlement and underlying Coin Entitlements 
 
There will be a separate Index Entitlement for each class of Digital Index Security and a 
separate Basket Entitlement for each class of Digital Basket Security, which will consist of the 
relevant Coin Entitlements for each of the Digital Currencies that make up the Index or basket. 
The Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of each class of Digital Security is adjusted on 
each day by the Management Fee. 
 
Whenever new Digital Securities of any class are issued or existing such securities redeemed, 
this will be done at the then prevailing Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement, thereby 
ensuring that all Digital Securities of the same class have the same Index Entitlement or Basket 
Entitlement, are fully fungible and are backed by the same Digital Currencies. Whenever new 
Digital Securities of a class contemplated by this Prospectus are issued, details will be set out 
in Final Terms prepared by the Issuer. 
 
Further details of the determination of the Index Entitlement, the Basket Entitlement and the 
underlying Coin Entitlement and the Management Fees are set out under the heading “Coin 
Entitlement” in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities) and worked examples are provided 
in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?).

--- Page 34 ---
34 (169) 
 
Listing and Trading 
 
All Digital Securities are fully transferable. The Issuer intends to apply for one or more classes 
of Digital Securities to be admitted to trading on a regulated market or any other market place, 
such as a multilateral trading facility (MTF), in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, 
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain and Sweden and Switzerland, and, subject to 
completion of relevant notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA. 
 
In order to provide liquidity to investors and minimise tracking error, the Issuer will aim to 
appoint multiple Authorised Participants as well as appointing Flow Traders B.V. or other 
market makers to make a market on the relevant exchanges on which some or all of the Digital 
Securities are admitted to trading.  The Issuer will only appoint Authorised Participants that are 
reputable financial services companies subject to the appropriate regulation in (i) the European 
Union, (ii) in Jersey (including the appointment of its affiliates, CoinShares (Jersey) Limited 
and CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited), (iii) in the United Kingdom, and (iv) in any 
another jurisdiction that is not a country or territory identified as presenting higher risks in the 
AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial services business published by the Jersey 
Financial Services Commission from time to time (the "JFSC AML/CFT Handbook"). Should 
an Authorised Participant appointed by the Issuer be located in a jurisdiction that, following to 
its appointment, becomes a country or territory identified as presenting higher risks in the JFSC 
AML/CFT Handbook, the Issuer shall exercise its contractual rights to terminate the Authorised 
Participant's appointment as soon as practicable. Such due diligence is likely to include (but 
may not necessarily comprise or be limited to) the making of enquiries as to the operating 
history, technical skill and experience, reputation, financial standing and regulatory status and 
track record of the proposed Authorised Participant as well as (as may be considered 
appropriate by the Board in each case) its key personnel and controllers, its ultimate beneficial 
owners and its wider group. 
 
In the event the Issuer is unable to appoint such financial services companies or there are no 
eligible Authorised Participants available, the Issuer may also appoint one of its affiliates as an 
Authorised Participant. 
 
Authorised Participants have the right to effect applications or redemptions, and Security 
Holders, in certain circumstances, have the right to effect redemptions – see below under 
“Applications and Redemptions” and Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities) under the 
heading “Applications and Redemptions” for further details. 
 
The standard settlement cycle for settlement of trades on regulated exchanges in Europe is 
two business days (T+2). Any announcements made by the Issuer by RIS will be available, 
free of charge, on the website of www.coinshares.com. 
 
Custody of Digital Currencies 
 
The Issuer will store the Digital Currencies in the proprietary, multi-wallet technological 
platform operated by the Custodian. 
 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited is a Jersey-domiciled company with its registered office at Third floor 
2 Hill Street, St Helier, Jersey JE2 4UA, Channel Islands. It provides custody services from 
time to time pursuant to the Custody Agreement. Komainu (Jersey) Limited is a company 
owned by Nomura Holding Inc., Ledger SA and CoinShares International Limited and is 
regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission for the provision of custody and 
depositary services.

--- Page 35 ---
35 (169) 
 
The Custodian will be responsible for the safekeeping of the Digital Currency held in the 
Secured Wallets. The Custodian and/or its affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell 
Digital Securities for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over 
which they exercise investment discretion. 
 
The Custodian will maintain the Secured Wallets, comprising a Subscription and Redemption 
Wallet and a Long-term Wallet. The Secured Wallets will be established and maintained under 
the Custodian’s custody solution. The Subscription and Redemption Wallets will hold sufficient 
Digital Currency to provide liquidity for creations and redemptions, up to a maximum of $50 
million. The Long-Term Storage Wallet will hold all Digital Security in excess of that required 
to ensure liquidity for creations and redemptions. The Secured Wallets will be subject to 
security protocols as agreed between the Issuer and each Custodian. The Security Protocols 
are confidential and are designed to limit access to and control over the Wallets to a pre-
identified number of employees of the Issuer, the Administrator and the Custodian, to create 
secure processes for withdrawals from the Secured Wallets and to pre-authorise (and 
therefore) limit the wallets to which Digital Currency may be transferred from the Secured 
Wallets. 
 
The Digital Currency of each Underlying Type held in the Secured Wallets in respect of the 
relevant class of Digital Security will be the subject of a floating charge in favour of the Trustee 
under the Security Deed to secure the obligations owed by the Issuer to the Trustee and the 
Security Holders in respect of the Digital Securities of that class. 
 
Further detail of the Custodian and the arrangements for the storage of Digital Currencies are 
set out in Part 8 (The Custodian and the Custody Agreement). 
 
Contract Structure and Flow of Funds for Digital Securities 
 
Digital Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument. Under the terms of the Trust 
Instrument, the Trustee acts as trustee for the Security Holders of each class of Digital 
Security. The rights of the Issuer in respect of the Digital Currency of each Underlying Type 
held in the Secured Wallets in respect of the relevant class of Digital Security are the subject 
of any assignment by way of security and a first-ranking floating charge under the Security 
Deed in favour of the Trustee to secure the obligations owed by the Issuer to the Trustee and 
the Security Holders in respect of the Digital Securities of that class. 
 
Each class of Digital Security has a continuous issue and redemption process, under which 
additional Digital Securities of such class may be issued to Authorised Participants, and Digital 
Securities may be redeemed, on a daily basis on any business day. 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place

--- Page 36 ---
36 (169) 
appears below:  
 
The following summarises the flow of funds and assets attributable to the Digital Securities as 
represented by the above diagram:  
Digital Securities can be bought and sold for cash on the relevant exchange on which they are 
admitted to trading rather than directly from the Issuer. The cash used to settle these 
transactions is never delivered to the Issuer. Market makers work to ensure that there is

--- Page 37 ---
37 (169) 
sufficient liquidity on the relevant stock exchanges. To aid this process, the Issuer has entered 
into agreements (known as Authorised Participant Agreements) with certain financial 
institutions – Authorised Participants – whereby it has agreed to issue and redeem Digital 
Securities to or from those Authorised Participants on an ongoing basis. Further details about 
the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreements are set out in paragraph 3.6 of Part 10 
(Additional Information). 
Generally only Authorised Participants may request the creation of Digital Securities directly 
with the Issuer in exchange for physical Digital Currencies. Upon creation of Digital Securities, 
an Authorised Participant must deliver Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Types in an 
amount equal to the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of the Digital Securities into the 
relevant Secured Wallet with the Custodian. Only once the Digital Currency of the relevant 
Underlying Types has been received will the Issuer issue the Digital Securities and deliver 
them to the Authorised Participant. Further details about settlement of the Digital Securities 
can be found under the heading “Settlement” in Part 5 (The Programme). 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Digital Securities on a stock exchange, sell the 
Digital Securities in off exchange transactions (known as “OTC” or “Over-the-Counter” 
transactions) or keep the Digital Securities to hold themselves. The creation process is 
described in more detail under the heading “Applications and Redemptions” below. 
 
Once the Digital Securities are created, the Digital Currencies will be held with all other Digital 
Currencies attributable to the Digital Securities of the applicable class in the Secured Wallets 
at the Custodian. 
 
Authorised Participants may also request the redemption of Digital Securities directly with the 
Issuer in exchange for the transfer of relevant Digital Currencies. If an Authorised Participant 
requests Redemption of Digital Securities, they must return those Digital Securities to the 
Issuer and in return will receive Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Types equivalent 
to the aggregate Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of the Digital Securities which are 
being redeemed through a transfer from the Secured Wallets held by the Custodian. The 
Redemption process is described in more detail under the heading “Applications and 
Redemptions” below. 
 
If holders who are not Authorised Participants wish to give up their holding of Digital Securities, 
they may sell them either on one of the stock exchanges on which the Digital Securities are 
admitted to trading or in a private transaction. Such sale would typically be for cash rather than 
Digital Currency. Generally, Digital Securities will only be issued to Authorised Participants. 
 
Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants may request redemption of Digital 
Securities directly with the Issuer in the following circumstances: 
 
• 
In circumstances where there are no Authorised Participants, Security Holders who are 
not Authorised Participants may require redemption of their Digital Securities directly 
with the Issuer. In this case, the Security Holder will receive either physical Digital 
Currency or, if such Security Holder is legally restricted from receiving physical Digital 
Currency or as irrevocably permitted by the Issuer, as required by the regulatory 
requirements of the SFSA and pursuant to Conditions 7.3(a)(i) and 7.3(b), the proceeds 
of sale of the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement in US dollars rather than in Digital 
Currency. 
 
• 
In the case of an election pursuant to the Physical Delivery process, a Security Holder 
who is not an Authorised Participant may require the redemption of its Digital Securities 
by way of delivery of Digital Currency, in which case the Security Holder will, as long

--- Page 38 ---
38 (169) 
as certain conditions are met, receive delivery of the respective amounts of Digital 
Currency equal to the aggregate Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of the Digital 
Securities to be redeemed (minus all Redemption Deductions and a Physical Delivery 
Fee currently equal to five per cent. of the aggregate Index Entitlement or Basket 
Entitlement) to its personal Digital Wallet. 
 
Applications and Redemptions 
 
Digital Securities can be issued to or redeemed at any time by Authorised Participants, and, in 
certain circumstances, can also be redeemed by Security Holders, subject to conditions. The 
issue and redemption mechanism are intended to ensure that Digital Securities have sufficient 
liquidity and that the price at which they trade on the relevant exchange on which they are 
admitted to trading tracks the relevant Index or basket (before fees). Only an Authorised 
Participant may apply for Digital Securities — all other persons must buy Digital Securities 
through trading on any exchange to which they may from time to time be admitted to trading. 
 
Digital Securities will only be issued on receipt of a valid Application and when the Digital 
Currencies of the relevant Underlying Types has been deposited by the Authorised Participant 
into the applicable Secured Wallet with the Custodian in an amount equal to the required Coin 
Entitlement. 
 
Digital Securities will only be cancelled upon receipt of a valid Redemption Notice and the 
delivery of the relevant Digital Securities to the Issuer on the Settlement Date, whereupon the 
relevant amount of Digital Currencies of the relevant Underlying Types will be processed out 
of the relevant Secured Wallet. 
 
Upon a Redemption by a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant, such Digital 
Securities will only be cancelled by the Issuer upon receipt of the Redemption Fee in cleared 
funds from the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 10 (Redemption Fee). The 
Settlement Date for such redemptions is the date the relevant Digital Currencies are 
transferred to the relevant Security Holder Wallet by the Custodian. 
 
Upon an optional Redemption of Digital Securities by a Security Holder who is not an 
Authorised Participant, the Security Holder must submit to the Issuer a valid Redemption 
Notice in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption of Digital Securities). 
 
Further details in relation to the Application and Redemption processes are set out in Part 4 
(Description of the Digital Securities). Further details of the Redemption processes are set out 
in the Conditions, which are set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). 
 
Security Structure 
 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the Redemption Obligations 
of the Issuer to Security Holders upon redemption of Digital Securities. 
 
The Programme has been established to hold separate Pools of assets so that the Issuer can 
issue separate classes of securities, based on different types of Digital Currency or having 
some other different characteristics, but on terms that each such separate class of securities 
would have recourse only to the Pool attributable to that class and not to the assets attributable 
to any other class. The assets and liabilities attributable to each class of Digital Security will 
represent the Pool for that class. 
 
Thus there are currently two separate Pools applicable to the Digital Securities. A single Pool

--- Page 39 ---
39 (169) 
secures all Digital Securities of a single class. Digital Securities are constituted under the Trust 
Instrument entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee as trustee for Securities Holders 
of each class. The Trustee holds all rights and entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust 
for the Security Holders. 
 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a single Security Deed applicable to 
all Pools. The rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under the Security Deed are held by 
the Trustee on trust for the Security Holders of each class of Digital Security.  
 
Further details of the Trust Instrument are set out under the heading in Part 6 (Trust Instrument 
and Conditions). Further details of the Security Deed are set out in Part 7 (Particulars of 
Security Deed). 
 
The Issuer 
 
CoinShares Digital Securities Limited was formed on 9 August 2018 under the name “Global 
Advisors Corporate Services Limited”, as a private limited company to provide corporate 
secretarial and corporate directorship services to affiliates within the CoinShares group 
structure. The Issuer changed its name to “CoinShares Digital Securities Limited” pursuant to 
a written resolution dated 30 June 2020 and its status to a public company pursuant to a written 
resolution dated 28 July 2020 to enable it to engage in the activity of issuing the Digital 
Securities. The Issuer operates under Jersey law. The Issuer was registered with the Jersey 
Financial Services Commission on 19 August 2018. The Issuer’s registration number is 
127061 and its trading name is CoinShares Digital Securities. The Issuer’s articles of 
association are dated 29 July 2020. The Issuer has an issued share capital of £0.01 
(Authorised Capital of £100 comprising 10,000 Ordinary Shares of £0.01) in a single class, 
fully paid. The Issuer’s address is: 2nd Floor, 2 Hill Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE2 4UA. The 
Issuer’s phone number is +44 1534 513100. LEI: 549300DR7967WVLR3P83. The website of 
the Issuer is available at https://www.coinshares.com. Said website does not form part of the 
Base Prospectus (other than where information has been explicitly incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
 
The Issuer was formed by and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CoinShares International 
Limited (“CSIL”), a company incorporated in Jersey. The Issuer has not been assigned a credit 
rating and it is not intended that any Digital Securities will be assigned credit ratings. Through 
its shareholding in the Issuer, CSIL can exercise a material influence over the Issuer. However, 
in certain respects, the provisions in the Companies (Jersey) Act 1991 regarding powers and 
responsibilities of different corporate bodies of the Issuer and regarding protection of creditor’s 
interests, limit the influence of CSIL. 
 
The Issuer is neither directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the 
Programme. The Issuer is dependent upon CoinShares (Jersey) Limited (“CSJL”), a 
CoinShares Group company, to provide programme management and associated services to 
it, as further described below under the heading “CSJL”. CSJL intends to promote and to 
provide management and other services to the Issuer and currently also provides such 
services to XBT Provider AB (publ). 
 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing 
Digital Securities, including, but not limited to, the Digital Securities currently listed in this 
Prospectus and the Individual Securities as described in a separate base prospectus of the 
Issuer approved by the SFSA.

--- Page 40 ---
40 (169) 
CSJL 
 
CoinShares (Jersey) Limited is a company founded in Jersey incorporated under the Law. Its 
principal place of business is at 2nd Floor, 2 Hill Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 4UA, Channel 
Islands. 
 
Pursuant to the Service Agreement, CSJL provides relevant programme management and 
associated services to the Issuer and pays all such costs of the Issuer, including the fees of 
the Administrator (as defined below), the Registrar, the Trustee and the Custodian. CSJL may 
engage third parties (including affiliates) to provide some or all of these services. 
 
The Service Agreement may be terminated by CSJL at any time on three months’ notice or 
earlier in the event of certain breaches or the insolvency of either party. 
 
CSIL 
 
CoinShares International Limited is a company founded in Jersey incorporated under the Law. 
Its principal place of business is at 2nd Floor, 2 Hill Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 4UA, Channel 
Islands. CSIL is the ultimate holding company of a group of companies which include the Issuer 
and CSJL. Shares of CSIL are publicly listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. CSIL, through its 
subsidiaries, operates as an exchange traded product sponsor and asset manager. 
 
The ten largest shareholders of CSIL as of the date of this Prospectus are: 
 
Shareholder  
Number of Shares 
% Holding of Issued Share 
Capital 
Daniel Masters 
15,289,388 
22.44% 
Mognetti Partners Limited 
11,881,609 
17.44% 
Russell Newton 
8,314,452 
12.20% 
Alan Howard 
7,933,540 
11.64% 
Adam Levinson 
3,896,618 
5.72% 
Paul Davidson 
3,240,000 
4.76% 
Meltem Demirors 
2,778,020 
4.08% 
Vitruvius Limited 
2,566,213 
3.77% 
Dwight Anderson 
2,550,742 
3.74% 
Horseferry Trading Pte 
Limited 
1,700,506 
2.50% 
 
Administration and Registrar Services 
 
The Issuer has entered into the Administration Agreement with JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) 
Limited (JTC), whereby JTC will perform certain administration duties for the Issuer (including 
acting as receiving agent). 
 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar have entered into an agreement pursuant to which 
the Registrar is to provide registry and associated services. The Registrar will maintain the 
Registers in Jersey. The Registrar is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 2 September 1999. 
 
Management Fee 
 
In return for CSJL supplying to the Issuer all management and administration services, the 
Issuer is liable under the Service Agreement to transfer to CSJL by way of a fee an amount of

--- Page 41 ---
41 (169) 
Digital Currency equal to the Management Fee as described in more detail under the heading 
“Management Fee” in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities). 
 
Directors and Secretary of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of: 
 
Ms. Jeri-Lea Brown (Member of the Board) 
 
Ms. Brown has been employed as the Group Company Secretary of the CoinShares Group 
since April 2018 and is responsible for developing and maintaining corporate governance 
standards across all jurisdictions. From August 2011 to April 2018, Ms. Brown was employed 
by Moore Management Limited in Jersey. Her last position there was Senior Administrator – 
Alternative Fund Administration. In this capacity, Ms. Brown was responsible for the 
management and oversight of a portfolio of over 28 entities of varying structures, asset classes 
and regulations. Ms. Brown’s main responsibilities included ensuring proper corporate 
governance, compliance with regulations and client relationship management for her portfolio 
of clients. Ms. Brown is currently studying with the Chartered Governance Institute to qualify 
as a Chartered Secretary. 
 
Mr. Townsend Lansing (Member of the Board) 
 
Mr. Lansing has been employed as Head of Product for CoinShares Group since September 
2019, where he is responsible for building and managing the product suite for the asset 
management division.  Mr. Lansing has worked in ETPs and structured products for over 15 
years, first at Bank of America, where he built out an equity structured products platform, and 
then ETF Securities, where he worked in product development and was part of the 
management team for almost a decade.   
 
Mr. Lansing graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1995 and a juris doctorate in 2001, 
both from Columbia University in New York.   
 
Mrs. Kirsty Lawrence (Member of the Board) 
 
Mrs. Lawrence is employed as Finance Manager and has been part of the CoinShares Group 
since February 2019. Mrs. Lawrence has been integral with establishing the accounting and 
financial statement audit of CoinShares Digital Securities Limited since it began launching 
products in 2021. Prior to joining CoinShares, Mrs. Lawrence worked at the Government of 
Jersey as a Financial Accountant with responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial 
statements for the government, and for the interpretation of IFRS for public sector use. 
 
Mrs. Lawrence graduated from University of Bath with an undergraduate Masters in Chemistry 
with Honours in 2009, before qualifying as a Chartered Accountant at PriceWaterhouse 
Coopers in Jersey in 2013. 
 
Mr. Stuart Pinnington (Member of the Board) 
 
Mr. Pinnington is a qualified solicitor of England and Wales, and a Chartered Director with the 
Institute of Directors specialising in all aspects of corporate governance. He has 20 years of 
experience in the financial services industry and currently serves as Group Director Fund 
Services to the IQEQ Group. Mr Pinnington acts as an independent, regulated non-executive 
director and board member on various alternative investment and Fintech structures.

--- Page 42 ---
42 (169) 
Mr. Pinnington holds an LLB Law honours following graduating from the University of Leicester 
in 1998, he then qualified as a Solicitor of England and Wales in 2001, before also qualifying 
as a Solicitor of the Eastern Caribbean Court (British Virgin Islands) in 2006. In 2011, Mr 
Pinnington also obtained the IOD Diploma in Company Direction. 
 
Mr. Pinnington is receiving remuneration for his role as a Member of the Board, which 
ultimately will be paid by the Programme Manager. 
 
Secretary of the Issuer 
 
The Secretary of the Issuer is CoinShares Corporate Services Limited (Jersey) Limited, a 
company founded in Jersey incorporated under the Law. Its business address is 2nd Floor, 2 
Hill Street, St Helier, Jersey JE2 4UA, Channel Islands. It provides corporate secretarial 
services to various CoinShares Group companies. 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors 
outside the Issuer are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are 
material to the Programme. 
 
None of the members of the Board of Directors has a private interest or other duties resulting 
from their directorship of other companies, enterprises, undertakings or otherwise, that may 
be in conflict with the interests of the Issuer. Several legal entities belonging to or affiliated with 
the same group of companies may from time to time acquire, hold and/or divest any position 
in Digital Securities issued by the Issuer. Such entities will act in their respective capacity as 
purchaser, holder or seller of any such Digital Securities and not in the interest of any other 
holders of Digital Securities. 
 
Jean-Marie Mognetti is both an underlying beneficial owner and a member of the board of 
directors of each of the Issuer's parent company (namely CoinShares International Limited) 
and an underlying beneficial owner of Komainu (Jersey) Limited, the Custodian for the Issuer. 
Situations could arise in which the interests of the Issuer and/or the Trustee could be 
adversarial to those of the Custodian. 
 
Mr. Mognetti is also a member of the board of directors of the Coin Sales Agent, Determination 
Agent and the Staking Agent. 
 
Jeri-Lea Brown is a member of the Board of Directors for the Programme Manager and other Agents.  
For more information on the risks associated with conflicts of interest, see “Risk 
Factors – Risks of Conflicts of Interest.” 
 
Further information 
 
Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this document which contains further information 
relating to the Programme and the Digital Securities.

--- Page 43 ---
43 (169) 
PART 2 
HOW DOES A SECURITY HOLDER DETERMINE THE VALUE OF ITS INVESTMENT? 
  
 
Entitlement on Redemption 
 
Each Digital Security carries a right upon Redemption to receipt of the higher of the Principal 
Amount and the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement (as applicable). Authorised 
Participants and, in certain circumstances, Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants are able to redeem their Digital Securities directly with the Issuer. The value of a 
Security Holder’s investment is therefore equivalent to the amount of Digital Currency that they 
would receive upon a redemption – generally the applicable Index or Basket Entitlement. The 
Principal Amounts of the Digital Securities are set out in paragraph 4 (ISINs and Principal 
Amounts of the Digital Securities) of Part 10 (Additional Information). 
 
Calculation of the Index Entitlement, Basket Entitlement and underlying Coin 
Entitlements 
 
On the first day of issue, the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of each Digital Security 
of a particular class will be as set out under the heading “Index Entitlement, Basket Entitlement 
and Coin Entitlement” in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities). The Index Entitlement or 
Basket Entitlement will be the sum of the Coin Entitlements of the constituent Digital Currencies 
underlying the applicable Index or basket. 
 
The Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement will be adjusted each day since issue by the 
deduction of the Management Fee applicable to that class of Digital Security for that day 
represented in the formula by the Management Fee (MF(i,t)). 
 
On each day the Management Fee is deducted from the previous day’s Coin Entitlement 
(CE(i,t-1)) to determine the new Coin Entitlement for a class of Digital Securities on a particular 
day in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
For Digital Index Securities 
IE(i,t) = ∑j CE(i,j,t)  
 
with  
 
CE(i,j,t) = CE(i,j,t-1) x (1- MF(i,t))1/N  
 
For Digital Basket Securities 
 
BE(i,t) = ∑j CE(i,j,t)  
 
with  
 
CE(i,j,t) = CE(i,j,t-1) x (1- MF(i,t))1/N  
 
Management Fee is then apportioned to the number of days in the year in which the figure is 
being calculated to create a daily fee rate. This is represented by the 1/N in the formula.

--- Page 44 ---
44 (169) 
Management Fee 
 
The Management Fee for each class of Digital Index Security is an annual rate as follows: 
 
 Class of Digital Index Security 
Management Fee 
 CoinShares Physical Top 10 Crypto 
Market ETP 
1.00% 
 CoinShares Physical Smart Contract 
Platform ETP 
1.00% 
 
The Management Fee for each class of Digital Basket Security is an annual rate as follows: 
 
 Class of Digital Basket Security 
Management Fee 
 CoinShares Physical Bitcoin and 
Ethereum ETP 
1.00% 
 
 
The rate of the Management Fee in respect of any class or classes of Digital Security may be 
varied by the Issuer from time to time. If the Management Fee is amended, such amendment 
will be notified through an RIS, and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 
30 days following the publication of such notification. 
 
Application of the Management Fee to the Coin Entitlement 
 
The Management Fee is based on an annual figure. The total amount of the fees is then 
converted into a daily fee rate by application of the 1/N element of the formula. 
 
Redemption Fee 
 
The Issuer charges a fee of US$500 per redemption carried out by an Authorised Participant 
directly with the Issuer. In the event of a compulsory redemption or where a Security Holder is 
permitted to lodge a Redemption Notice, the Issuer will adjust the Redemption Fee to an 
amount equal to the Issuer’s cost in satisfying such redemption and of giving the redemption 
notice (but not exceeding US$500), and that amount will be charged by the Issuer to the 
Security Holder. 
 
Physical Delivery Fee 
 
The Physical Delivery Fee applies (i) where a Security Holder who is not an Authorised 
Participant lodges a valid Redemption Notice in respect of any Digital Securities requesting 
Redemption by way of delivery of Digital Currency to a personal Digital Wallet (other than such 
a Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Redemption by other Security Holders)) and (ii) to a 
compulsory redemption of Digital Securities where a Security Holder who is not an Authorised 
Participant requests Redemption by way of delivery of Digital Currency to a personal Digital 
Wallet. 
 
The Physical Delivery Fee is currently five per cent. of the aggregate Coin Entitlement of the 
Digital Currency of each Underlying Type of the Digital Securities being Redeemed. 
 
Once the relevant Redemption Fee has been paid, and the Digital Securities have been 
delivered to the Issuer, the relevant Custodian will deposit Digital Currency of the relevant 
Underlying Type in an amount equal to the Index Entitlement or the Basket Entitlement (less 
the Redemption Deductions and the Physical Delivery Fee) into the relevant personal Digital

--- Page 45 ---
45 (169) 
Wallet. 
 
The Physical Delivery Fee in respect of any class or classes of Digital Security may be varied 
by the Issuer from time to time. If the Physical Delivery Fee is amended, such amendment will 
be notified through an RIS, and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 30 
days following the publication of such notification. 
 
Valuing Digital Securities 
 
For each Digital Currency there may be multiple available reference prices in the market. It is 
important to note that although the Issuer does use an identified benchmark Index for Digital 
Index Securities, they and Digital Basket Securities (for which there may be no identified 
benchmark Index) are nevertheless created and redeemed by the Issuer at the relevant Index 
(or Basket) Entitlement.  As a result, market makers and price makers in secondary markets 
may use their own pricing models to calculate the value of the Index (or Basket) Entitlement, 
which may differ from the value of the relevant Index. 
 
In addition to the Index value (for Digital Index Securities), it is possible to calculate the cash 
value of the Digital Securities in US dollars on a particular day. This is done by using the spot 
prices for the relevant types of Digital Currency on that day expressed in US dollars. The 
following formula can then be applied using the spot prices and each Coin Entitlement included 
in the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement (as the case may be)to obtain a US dollars 
value: 
 
V(i,t) = ∑j(S(i,j,t) x CE(i,j,t))  
 
To calculate the US dollars value of the Digital Security i on a particular day t (represented in 
the formula above by V(i,t)), we calculate the sum over the Digital Security constituents of (i) 
the spot price of each underlying Digital Currency (represented in the formula by S(i,j,t)) 
multiplied by (ii) the Coin Entitlement of the underlying Digital Currency. For example, if a 
Digital Security is composed of Ethereum and Bitcoin, if the spot price of Bitcoin on that day 
was $10,000 and the Bitcoin Coin Entitlement was 0.01, and the spot price of Ethereum on 
that day was $1,000 and the Ethereum Coin Entitlement was 0.1, then applying these figures 
to the calculation above would create a value of $200 as follows: 200 = 10,000 x 0.01 + 1,000 
x 0.1. The value so calculated is for illustrative purposes as there is no guarantee that any 
transactions in Digital Securities will be effected at that value. 
 
In the event that a Digital Security trades at a significant premium or discount (i.e. +/- 2 per 
cent. or more for seven consecutive trading days) to the expected price for such Digital Security 
based on prevailing market prices for the specified underlying Digital Currency, the Issuer will 
make disclosure of such premium or discount on its website (www.coinshares.com) and 
provide a discussion of the factors that are reasonably believed to have materially contributed 
to the premium or discount (as applicable). 
 
Although the Issuer relies solely on the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement (as the case 
may be) for purposes of the Application and Redemption process, potential investors can look 
to the relevant Index and/or external sources for real time prices of the underlying Digital 
Currencies.  Those sources include dedicated exchanges for digital assets, such as those 
listed in the table below as more traditional indexes and reference prices provided by index 
providers such as Compass Finance, Bloomberg Index Services, CF Benchmarks and FTSE 
Russell Indices.  The list is not exhaustive, and the Issuer takes no responsibility for the 
reliability or the accuracy of prices published by Digital Currency exchanges or index providers.

--- Page 46 ---
46 (169) 
Digital Asset Exchanges 
Website 
Binance 
https://www.binance.com/  
Bitfinex 
https://www.bitfinex.com/  
Bitstamp 
https://www.bitstamp.net/  
Bittrex 
https://global.bittrex.com/  
Coinbase Pro 
https://pro.coinbase.com/  
Gemini 
https://www.gemini.com/  
Huobi Global 
https://www.huobi.com/  
itBit 
https://www.paxos.com/itbit  
Kraken 
https://www.kraken.com/  
KuCoin 
https://www.kucoin.com/  
OKEx 
https://www.okex.com/  
None of the websites or webpages referred to above are themselves incorporated into this 
Base Prospectus or form part of this Base Prospectus for any purpose. 
 
How the value of a Digital Security is affected by changes in the value of the underlying 
Digital Currencies 
 
The three hypothetical scenarios in this section show some possible outcomes of an 
investment in the Digital Securities under normal market conditions. These scenarios are not 
indicators of the actual future performance of the Digital Securities and are for illustration 
purposes only. 
 
The following assumptions have been made: 
 
1. An investor invests in the Digital Securities for one full calendar year. 
 
2. One Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
3. The Digital Security bought is composed of two underlying Digital Currencies, Digital 
Currency A and Digital Currency B. 
 
4. The price of the Digital Currency A when the Digital Security is bought is $10,000 and 
the price of the Digital Currency B when the Digital Security is bought is $100,000. 
 
5. The proportions of each Digital Currency composing the Digital Security when the 
Digital Security is bought are equal. 
 
6. The Coin Entitlement when the Digital Security is bought is  
a. Digital Currency A: 0.005 
b. Digital Currency B: 0.0005

--- Page 47 ---
47 (169) 
7. The annual level of fees is 0.98 per cent., for which a dollar value has been given in 
the scenarios below. 
 
8. The Coin Entitlement is calculated daily to 10 decimal places rounded downwards. 
 
9. There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Digital Securities during the 
investment period. 
 
10. There are no Rebalancing during the investment period 
 
11. All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment 
adviser for the sale and purchase of the Digital Securities and the custody fees of the 
investors bank are excluded. 
 
Scenario 1: The price of the relevant Digital Currency decreases 
 
• 
Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
• 
The price of both Digital Currencies decrease by 75 per cent. to $2,500 for Digital 
Currency A and $25,000 for Digital Currency B one year later. 
 
• 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.2454 per Digital Security. 
 
• 
The price of the Digital Security has decreased to $24.7546 
 
• 
The investor sells the Digital Security and has lost $75.2554 from their initial investment 
of $100 a year ago. 
 
Scenario 2: The price of the relevant Digital Currency increases 
 
• 
Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
• 
The price of both Digital Currencies increase by 75 per cent. to $17,500 for Digital 
Currency A and $175,000 for Digital Currency B one year later. 
 
• 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $1.7246 per Digital Security. 
 
• 
The price of the Digital Security has increased to $173.2820 
 
• 
The investor sells the Digital Security and has gained $73.2819 from their initial 
investment of $100 a year ago. 
 
Scenario 3: The price of the relevant Digital Currency remains the same 
 
• 
Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
• 
The price of both Digital Currencies remain the same one year later. 
 
• 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.9818 per Digital Security. 
 
• 
The price of the Digital Security has decreased to $99.0182.

--- Page 48 ---
48 (169) 
• 
The investor sells the Digital Security and has lost $0.9818 from their initial investment 
of $100 a year ago. 
 
For each Digital Currency comprising the relevant Index or Basket, there may be multiple 
available prices in the market. For Digital Index Securities, the Issuer intends to use the end 
of day value for the relevant Index as a reference price by which to provide, on each day an 
indicative monetary value for the Index Coin Entitlement and therefore the Digital Security.   
 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has included two Indices as reference underlyings 
for the following Classes of Digital Securities: 
 
Digital Security 
Reference Index 
Bloomberg Code 
CoinShares Physical 
Top 10 Crypto Market 
ETP 
 
CoinShares-Compass Top 10 
Crypto Market Index 
COIN10 Index 
CoinShares Physical 
Smart Contract 
Platform ETP 
 
CoinShares-Compass 
Smart 
Contract Platform Index 
COINSMRT 
 
 
Description of the Indices: 
 
Description of the CoinShares-Compass Top 10 Crypto Market Index 
 
The CoinShares-Compass Top 10 Crypto Market Index (the Crypto Market Index) seeks to track the 
performance of the ten largest digital assets weighted according to their market capitalization, subject 
to a maximum weighting of 35% for any single constituent.  The Top 10 Crypto Market Index selects 
its underlying constituents from a range of eligible digital assets and seeks to reflect large trends in 
the digital asset market. The index methodology is managed by the index steering committee, which 
consists of representatives from both the index provider Compass and the CoinShares group 
company (the “Steering Committee”) 
 
Underlying Constituents:  
 
The Top 10 Crypto Market Index comprises the ten largest digital assets, weighted according to their 
market capitalization, subject to a maximum of 35% weighting for any single constituent, and drawn 
from a list of eligible assets according to the following criteria: 
 
Each underlying constituent digital asset must: 
1) Trade in USD; 
2) Not be linked to the value of a fiat currency or fiat stablecoin; 
3) Have a minimum of 3-month history on a reputable digital asset exchange; 
4) Not be a digital asset focused on privacy (e.g., Monero; zCash; etc.); 
5) Be eligible for a listing on XETRA (unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the 
SteeringCommittee); and 
6) Not fall within the definition of a "Prohibited Coin". 
 
Compass will create a single digital asset index (the “Compass Crypto Reference Index”) for each 
eligible digital asset (the “Eligible Underlying Components”), and the Top 10 Crypto Market Index will 
track the prices of the selected Compass Crypto Reference Indices (the “Underlying Components”). 
The prices used to compute the index are the Underlying Component closing prices corresponding to

--- Page 49 ---
49 (169) 
the 4:00 pm London Time of the Compass Crypto Reference Index (CCRI) for the end of day fixing 
and the real time prices of the Compass Crypto Reference Index (CCRT) for the real time indices. 
The Compass Crypto Reference Indices have been designed to provide investors with independent 
and robust cryptocurrency reference prices. Based on a resilient and BMR-ready compliant 
methodology, they serve as independent and transparent reference prices to value cryptocurrency 
portfolio or as benchmarks for investors willing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrencies 
prices. More details on the index including the methodology are available on the Compass website 
(www.compass-ft.com). 
 
Outside of exceptional circumstances, the Underlying Components are selected every quarter by the 
Steering Committee based on eligibility requirements described above and on the Steering Committee 
expert judgement. 
 
Methodology summary: 
 
The calculation methodology for the Top 10 Crypto Market Index follows the below steps: 
• 
Every quarter, the ten Underlying Components that have the highest market capitalization (in 
USD) will be selected to compose the index. In the unlikely event eligibility criteria are not met 
for 10 underlying digital assets, the Index may be composed of fewer than ten Underlying 
Components.  
• 
The Underlying Components will be weighted according to their market capitalization, and the 
non-selected Eligible Underlying Components will have their weights set to zero for this 
specific quarter. 
• 
The maximum weight attributed to any selected Underlying Component will be 35% and the 
excess weight will be allocated proportionately to the rest of the Underlying Components. This 
operation is repeated until no single weight in the index is higher than 35%. 
• 
Each day, the index is calculated based on the 4:00 pm closing price of each Underlying 
Component (defined as the Compass Crypto Reference Indices associated with the 
Underlying Component) and their respective weights as determined every quarter. 
 
Description of the CoinShares-Compass Smart Contract Platform Index 
 
The CoinShares-Compass Smart Contract Platform Index (the Smart Contract Index) seeks to track 
the performance of the ten largest smart contract digital assets, weighted according to their market 
capitalization and subject to a maximum weighting of 35% for any single constituent. The Smart 
Contract index selects its underlying constituents from a range of eligible digital assets and seeks to 
reflect large trends in the infrastructure layer of the digital asset market.  
 
Underlying Constituents: 
  
The Smart Contract Index comprises the ten largest smart contract digital assets, weighted according 
to their market capitalization subject to a maximum of 35% weighting for any single constituent and 
drawn from a list of eligible assets according to the following criteria: 
Each underlying constituent digital asset must, in the Directors' reasonable opinion, meet the following 
criteria at the date of initial investment in such Digital Asset: 
1) Classified as a smart contract platform coin by the Steering Committee 
2) Trade in USD; 
3) Not be linked to the value of a fiat currency or fiat stablecoin (including asset-references tokens 
and electronic money tokens) where the relevant protocols and rules governing such stable 
coin do not provide for prudent collateralisation requirements; 
4) Have a minimum of 3-month history on a reputable digital asset exchange;

--- Page 50 ---
50 (169) 
5) Be eligible for a listing on XETRA (unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Index 
Committee); and 
6) Not fall within the definition of a "Prohibited Coin". 
 
Compass will create a single digital asset index (the “Compass Crypto Reference Index”) for each 
eligible digital asset (the “Eligible Underlying Components”), and the Smart Contract Index will track 
the prices of the selected Compass Crypto Reference Indices (the “Underlying Components”). The 
prices used to compute the index are the Underlying Component closing prices corresponding to the 
4:00 pm London Time of the Compass Crypto Reference Index (CCRI) for the end of day fixing and 
the real time prices of the Compass Crypto Reference Index (CCRT) for the real time indices. The 
Compass Crypto Reference Indices have been designed to provide investors with independent and 
robust cryptocurrency reference prices. Based on a resilient and BMR-ready compliant methodology, 
they serve as independent and transparent reference prices to value cryptocurrency portfolio or as 
benchmarks for investors willing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrencies prices. More 
details on the index including the methodology are available on the Compass website (www.compass-
ft.com). 
 
Outside of exceptional circumstances, the Underlying Components are selected every quarter by the 
Steering Committee based on eligibility requirements described above and on the Steering Committee 
expert judgement. 
 
Methodology summary: 
 
The calculation methodology for the Smart Contract Index follows the below steps: 
• 
Every quarter, the ten Underlying Components that have the highest market capitalization (in 
USD) will be selected to compose the index. In the unlikely event eligibility criteria are not met 
for ten underlying digital assets, the Index may be composed of fewer than ten Underlying 
Components.  
• 
The Underlying Components will be weighted according to their market capitalization, and the 
non-selected Eligible Underlying Components will have their weights set to zero for this 
specific quarter. 
• 
The maximum weight attributed to any selected Underlying Component will be 35% and the 
excess weight will be allocated proportionately to the rest of the Underlying Components. This 
operation is repeated until no single weight in the index is higher than 35%. 
• 
Each day, the index is calculated based on the 4:00 pm closing price of each Underlying 
Component (defined as the Compass Crypto Reference Indices associated with the 
Underlying Component) and their respective weights as determined every quarter. 
For Digital Securities, the Issuer intends to use the Compass Crypto Reference Indices 
(“CCRI”) as a reference price by which to provide, on each day an indicative monetary value 
for the Basket Entitlement and therefore the Digital Security. 
 
Description of the Baskets 
The basket comprising the CoinShares Physical Bitcoin and Ethereum will consist of a fixed 
basket of the underlying Digital Currencies. The weighting of the basket, which reflect the 
respective coin entitlements for each of Bitcoin and Ethereum, will be fixed at inception and 
will not change over time. Indicative values for underlying Digital Currencies will be provided 
by the Compass Crypto Reference Indices.  
 
No Digital Basket Security shall include a Prohibited Coin as underlying.  
 
Description of the Compass Crypto Reference Indices (“CCRI”)

--- Page 51 ---
51 (169) 
 
The Compass Crypto Reference Indices (the CCRI, the Indices or the Index) measure hourly 
crypto exchange rates against US Dollars for the main cryptocurrencies. Indices are computed 
hourly, every day of the year. They are calculated at the end of every hour and are published 
around 5 minutes after the end of the hour. CCRI Indices can be accessed online on the 
Compass Financial Technologies website (www.compass-ft.com) or on Bloomberg or Refinitiv. 
Such websites do not form part of the Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or 
approved by the SFSA. 
 
The Compass Crypto Reference Indices have been designed to provide institutional investors 
with independent and robust cryptocurrency reference prices. Based on a resilient and BMR 
compliant methodology, they serve as independent and transparent reference prices to value 
cryptocurrency portfolios or as benchmarks for investors willing to issue investment products 
tracking cryptocurrencies prices. 
 
Compass Crypto Reference Indices are owned by Compass Financial Technologies SA. The 
Index Administrator and Calculation Agent is Compass Financial Technologies (France). 
 
Methodology summary of the Compass Crypto Reference Indices (“CCRI”) 
 
Each day, Compass Crypto Reference Indices are calculated based on the collection of all 
observable transactions of all respective Eligible Exchanges (exchanges approved as such by 
the Compass Crypto Reference Indices Steering Committee). The calculation methodology of 
the Compass Crypto Reference Index follows the steps below:  
 
1. For each Eligible Exchange, a dataset of all USD denominated trades occurring during 
the last hour is implemented. 
 
2. Each dataset is divided in 12 time-equally sized partitions of trade records. 
 
3. Volume-weighted median of trade prices are calculated for each partition and each 
Eligible Exchange. 
 
4. For each partition, if the absolute percentage deviation of the Volume-weighted median 
price of an Eligible Exchange from the median price computed on all Eligible 
Exchanges is above 5%, the data of that exchange is considered anomalous. The 
exchange is then excluded from the Eligible Exchanges for this partition. 
 
5. For each partition, a Partition Reference Price is computed as the exchange volume 
weighted average over the partition of the volume-weighted median prices computed 
in step above.  
 
6. The final Compass Crypto Reference Index level is given by the arithmetic average of 
the computed Partition Reference Prices. 
 
Full details are available on the Compass website (www.compass-ft.com) 
 
The Compass Benchmark Statement and the Compass Index Methodology contain inter alia 
key information regarding the index methodology, procedures in the event of errors, 
disclaimers and regulatory status. Such documents and further details are available on the 
Compass website (www.compass-ft.com). This website does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
 
Compass Financial Technologies (France) is regulated as a benchmark administrator by the

--- Page 52 ---
52 (169) 
Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) under the Benchmark Regulation. Potential investors 
should note that the indicative values so published are reference prices regarding the relevant 
Digital Securities and do not constitute benchmarks under the Benchmark Regulation. Nor 
does the Coin Entitlement constitute a benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 53 ---
53 (169) 
PART 3 
DIGITAL ASSETS MARKET OVERVIEW 
 
What is a Digital Currency? 
 
Digital currencies represent a new phenomenon. As a result, there have been numerous 
attempts to define and classify them but very little consensus. For purposes of this Prospectus, 
the Issuer defines a digital currency as: money, scrip or other representation of value or 
contractual rights that can only be exchanged electronically on a Distributed Ledger. Digital 
currency can also be considered as a digital representation of value that is cryptographically 
secured, verified and recorded on a blockchain or other form of distributed ledger. 
 
Examples of Digital Currencies 
 
Although there were potentially earlier examples, for many, Bitcoin represents the first digital 
currency; or, at least, the first to show true independence and centralisation (and to gain 
popular, wide-scale adoption). Launched by the pseudonymous Satoshi Nakamoto, Bitcoin 
was developed to allow for decentralised, secure transfer of value on a peer to peer basis. 
Decentralisation meant, inter alia, that Bitcoin’s fixed supply schedule could not be altered by 
a central authority, a key feature for many who shared fears of government devaluation of fiat 
currencies. Property rights were ensured through encryption protocols based on recognised 
principles from cryptography, and transaction immutability was secured through permission 
less economic incentive structures and game theory. 
 
Launched in January 2009, Bitcoin eventually saw exponential usage adoption, unit price and 
transaction immutability levels: for example; 
 
• 
Since inception, the Bitcoin blockchain has settled more than $8 trillion worth of total 
transaction value. However, since Bitcoin is a UTXO-based system, a significant 
portion of that value represents transaction ‘change’ (similar to that incurred by coins 
and bills) and is therefore non-economic. The best industry estimates of real economic 
value settled on the Bitcoin blockchain range between $700 million and $2.5 trillion. 
 
• 
One of the most popular online wallet providers, blockchain.com, reports more than 46 
million wallets created on their platform alone. Similarly, the mainly retail-focused 
crypto exchange Coinbase reports more than 30 million clients on their platform. 
 
On the back of its success and equally exponential growth in interest in digital currencies, a 
number of new digital currencies were introduced to the market, such as: Ethereum, XRP, 
Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Binance Coin, Tether, EOS and Polkadot. 
 
Cryptography behind Digital Currencies 
 
Digital currencies use cryptography as the basis for their security. In particular, digital 
currencies make heavy use of public key cryptography and hashing algorithms. 
 
Public key cryptography is an asymmetric cryptography system where information is encrypted 
and decrypted using a pair of different, but mathematically related keys. The private key is a 
very large random number (making it infeasible to guess), and the public key is a mathematical 
derivation of the private key. Whilst the public key can be derived from the private key, the 
opposite is not true – it is a one-way or trapdoor function. One of these keys, the public key, is 
broadcast to everyone, whereas the other, the private key, is kept secret.

--- Page 54 ---
54 (169) 
Information which is encrypted using the public key can only be decrypted by the private secret 
key. This enables users to create encrypted messages which can only be decrypted by the 
intended recipient and no one else. Relatedly, a message which has been encrypted with a 
private key can be decrypted by its corresponding public key, this allows anyone who is aware 
of the public key to know that the message must have been encrypted by the holder of the 
private key. This is referred to as a digital signature. 
 
Hashing algorithms are scrambling functions which can take inputs of arbitrary length, and 
output random-looking outputs of a fixed length. The same input will always give the same 
output, but it is infeasible to tell which input created a certain output, or what the output of a 
certain input will be before running it through the function. Hashing algorithms are also one-
way or trapdoor functions––they are very easy to calculate in one direction, but very hard to 
calculate in the opposite direction. 
 
In digital currencies, public key pairs are used to safeguard funds and authorise spending, 
enabling enforcement of property rights in the absence of an arbiter. Currency is sent to 
addresses derived from public keys and can only be spent from its corresponding private key 
via a digital signature. This makes the private keys controlling the spending of currency units 
akin to a bearer instrument. 
 
Digital Currency Ecosystem 
 
The success of digital currencies has created entirely novel industries. The most relevant for 
investors are: miners, exchanges and Custodian/storage. 
 
Miners 
 
Digital currencies are created via a technological process colloquially referred to as mining. 
Mining is the process whereby the participants in a digital currency network arrive at distributed 
consensus –  that is, how they agree on a shared transaction history in the absence of a central 
clearing party. The rule determining which ledger is the true ledger is simple – it is the ledger 
which was the costliest one to produce. 
 
Miners prove that they have incurred real world cost through proof of work. In essence, a proof 
of work is an output of a hashing algorithm which fits certain stringent criteria. Remembering 
that outputs of hashing algorithms cannot be predicted from its input, finding such an output 
proves that the miner must have expended a certain amount of processing power, and 
therefore electricity, searching for the output. 
 
As a reward for expending electricity finding the proof of work, miners are rewarded with freshly 
minted digital currency units. Mining is therefore both the process of arriving at distributed 
agreement on the transaction history of the currency ledger, and the creation of new currency 
units. 
 
Validators and Proof of Consensus 
  
Some digital currencies (such as Polkadot, Tezos, Stellar and Ada) do not rely on proof of work 
or miners to arrive at a distributed consensus. Rather, they rely on a different method, known 
as “proof of stake,” to agree, approve and document transactions on the network. 
  
Whereas proof of work requires real world cost in the form of energy and computational effort, 
proof of stake requires holders of a protocol’s digital currency to use their holdings to validate 
the network and its transactions. Whereas with proof of work, the network relies on the miner

--- Page 55 ---
55 (169) 
who solves the computational problem the quickest, a proof of stake network effectively selects 
the largest pool of the protocol’s digital currency. As with proof of work protocols, the validator 
of a transaction in a proof of stake protocol also earns a reward in the protocol’s digital 
currency. Individual holders can contribute their assets to create large pools to share in those 
rewards. This is known as “staking”. 
  
Staking generally involves contributing a protocol’s digital currency to a pool of assets held by 
validators, who operate the nodes. Staking can be custodial, which means a holder must 
deliver the staked coins to a different wallet and non-custodial, whereby holders can contribute 
the digital currency to the pool of assets without transferring the coin (i.e., the coins can remain 
in the holder’s wallet). Holders nominate a validator, who runs the node, and in general, the 
higher the number of coins staked, the higher the probability that a given validator will be asked 
to validate a transaction on the protocol. 
  
As with proof of work, validation of a transaction on a proof of stake protocol earns an award 
in that protocol’s coins. All participants of a pool share in the award, which is distributed by the 
validator. Validators who do not follow protocol rules can be penalised, either in the form of 
reduced rewards or in actual loss of a portion of the staked coins. 
 
Exchanges 
 
There are now a number of exchanges, spread across a variety of jurisdictions, that provide 
access to digital currencies to investors globally. Very few of these exchanges are regulated 
in a manner similar regulated markets in Europe. Furthermore, the exchanges can often differ 
in terms of liquidity, cost, and most importantly, security. They also differ in terms of exposure 
offered, with some exchanges allowing up to 100x leverage on major digital currencies. Some 
of the most widely used spot exchanges for digital currencies, in no particular order, are: 
Coinbase, Kraken, Binance, Huobi, OKEx, bitFlyer, Bitstamp, Liquid, Upbit, Poloniex, Gemini 
and Bitfinex. 
 
Custodian/Storage 
 
Digital currencies are, in essence, bearer instruments. Proof of ownership is not maintained by 
a centralized authority; rather, it is evidenced by control of the private key, which, when paired 
with the public key, can be used to transfer ownership of digital currencies. 
 
As a result, storage or custody of digital currencies is primarily concerned with maintaining 
secure and private ownership of the private key. Custody storage technology and the resulting 
methods for storage continue to evolve, but generally comprise elements of: 
(i) “hot” storage, where the private key is maintained in a system or “wallet” that is online 
and readily accessible for use. A “hot” wallet is akin to an online bank account, 
traditionally maintained by a third party who allows the user to open an account, which 
in turn is connected to the wallet that “holds” the key and the underlying digital currency. 
 
(ii) “cold” storage, where the private key is held offline, inaccessible unless provided by 
the holder of the key. The key is held in cold storage are generally held in hardware 
wallets that are not connected to the internet. A cold wallet is more akin to storing gold 
or bearer bonds in a physical vault, and often, the private keys in cold storage are 
indeed stored in vaults. 
 
Price formation and valuation 
 
Digital currency prices are influenced by both supply and demand, with the major exchanges

--- Page 56 ---
56 (169) 
serving as venues for price discovery. Given the somewhat fragmented nature of the market, 
liquidity and efficiency of any given exchange can also impact the price for that exchange. As 
a result, exchanges can often show different prices, although for the major exchanges, such 
variations are generally limited. In general, order depth and volume for digital currencies 
cryptocurrencies is substantially lower than for more established asset classes; this can result 
in higher volatility (which is observed from historical price action). 
 
Digital currencies comprise, among other things, innovative technologies, nascent but rapidly 
growing networks and digital assets that represent a store of value, a unit of account, and a 
medium of exchange. There have been multiple academic proposals for crypto asset valuation 
models such as: Pagnotta & Burashci 2018, Li & Wang 2016, and Wheatley et. al. from Imperial 
College London, City University of Hong Kong, and ETH Zurich. These models all use 
fundamentals external to the existing price of Bitcoin and can therefore be used to model value 
based on forward expectations. The Issuer makes no recommendation or judgement on the 
advantages or disadvantages of any of them. 
 
As other non-academic examples, the anonymous analyst PlanB models the value of monetary 
assets using scarcity via a stock-to-flow approach – a method originally employed in the 
precious metals industry. The approach gives highly accurate results when applied not only to 
Bitcoin, but also scarce commodities with monetary properties such as gold and silver. Johnny 
Antos and Reuben McCreanor employ an Efficient-Markets Valuation Framework for 
Cryptoassets using Black-Scholes Option Theory and John Pfeffer uses a mixed methodology 
including the Equation of Exchange to value crypto assets. Apart from these valuation models, 
there exists a host of price indicators using various fundamental metrics in some relation to 
asset prices to give investors insights regarding current asset prices as compared to a variety 
of correlated benchmarks. Among many we mention Realised Capitalisation, Delta 
Capitalisation, Thermo-Capitalisation, Network Value to Transactions (NVT) Ratio, NVT Signal 
(Kalitchkin’s NVT), Mayer Multiple, Difficulty Ribbon and Bitcoin Network Momentum. 
 
Market Volatility 
 
Digital currencies represent one of the most volatile asset classes, even higher than Small Cap 
Equities, emerging market equities or energy futures. Annualised volatility has frequently 
reached over 100 per cent. Those high volatility levels are in turn caused by fluctuations in 
supply and demand driven predominantly by short term trading sentiment. The Issuer expects 
digital currencies to continue to show high levels of volatility in the short and medium term.

--- Page 57 ---
57 (169) 
PART 4 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DIGITAL SECURITIES 
 
The following is a description of the rights attaching to the Digital Securities. The legally binding 
Conditions of the Digital Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument and reproduced in Part 
6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions) of this Prospectus. Copies of the Trust Instrument, by 
which the Digital Securities will be constituted, are available for inspection as set out in 
paragraph 6 (Documents Available for Inspection) of Part 10 (Additional Information). 
 
A Digital Security is a non-interest bearing, undated, secured, limited recourse debt obligation 
of the Issuer, which entitles a Security Holder (provided it is an Authorised Participant) to 
require redemption of the Digital Security and on the Settlement Date receive an amount of 
Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Types equal to the Index Entitlement or Basket 
Entitlement (as the case may be). In certain circumstances, including when there are no 
Authorised Participants, a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant is entitled to 
require redemption of a Digital Security directly with the Issuer in return for an amount of Digital 
Currency of the relevant Underlying Types equal to the aggregate Index Entitlement or Basket 
Entitlement (as the case may be) of the Digital Securities to be redeemed or if such delivery is 
prohibited, for cash obtained by the sale by the Coin Sales Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) of 
an amount of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Types equal to the Index Entitlement 
or Basket Entitlement of the Digital Securities being redeemed. 
 
A Security Holder of Digital Securities who is not an Authorised Participant who requires the 
redemption by way of delivery of Digital Currency may do so on a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday or a public holiday in England) on which banks are open for business in England 
and Jersey, in which case the Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, 
receive delivery of an amount of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Types representing 
the amount of its Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement (minus all relevant deductions 
including a Physical Delivery Fee currently equal to one per cent. of the aggregate Coin 
Entitlement to be redeemed) to its personal Digital Wallet. 
 
Two classes of Digital Index Securities are available for issue under this Programme and each 
will be backed by Digital Currency held by the Custodian. 
 
Index Entitlement, Basket Entitlement and Coin Entitlement 
 
Digital Securities have an effective notional entitlement to a basket or Index, comprising Digital 
Currencies, known, respectively, as Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement.  The Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlements are themselves composed of effective notional entitlements 
to individual Digital Currencies, known as a Coin Entitlement (expressed as a quantity of the 
relevant Digital Currency comprising the basket or Index).  There will be a separate Index 
Entitlement for each class of Digital Index Security and a separate Basket Entitlement for each 
class of Digital Basket Security, which will consist of the relevant Coin Entitlements for each of 
the Digital Currencies that make up the Index or basket. As at the day dealings in the Digital 
Securities of each class first commence on a European regulated market, the Index 
Entitlement or Basket Entitlement for each class of Digital Security will be fixed as set out in 
the Class Schedule (which is described in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions) below). 
 
Whenever new securities are issued or existing securities redeemed, this will be done at the 
then prevailing Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement, thereby ensuring that all securities of 
the same class have the same Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement and are fully fungible. 
The Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement is reduced daily by the Management Fee as 
follows:

--- Page 58 ---
58 (169) 
 
For Digital Index Securities: 
IE(i,t) = ∑j CE(i,j,t)  
 
with  
 
CE(i,j,t) = CE(i,j,t-1) x (1 - MF(i,t))1/N  
 
For Digital Basket Securities: 
 
BE(i,t) = ∑j CE(i,j,t)  
 
with  
 
CE(i,j,t) = CE(i,j,t-1) x (1 - MF(i,t))1/N  
 
 
Where (as applicable): 
 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Digital Security; 
 
t 
refers to the applicable day (with t - 1 being the previous day); 
 
j 
refers to the relevant Digital Currency constituting the Index Entitlement or Basket 
Entitlement for the relevant class of Digital Securities i on day t; 
 
IE(i,t) 
is the Index Entitlement for Digital Index Securities of class i, for day t; 
 
BE(i,t) 
is the Basket Entitlement for Digital Index Securities of class i, for day t; 
 
∑j CE(i,j,t) 
is the sum of all Coin Entitlements of the constituent Digital Currencies of 
underlying type  j, for Digital Securities of class i, for day t; 
 
CE(i,j,t) 
is the Coin Entitlement of each constituent Digital Currency of underlying type j, 
for Digital Securities of class i, for day t; 
 
CE(i,j, t-1)  is the Coin Entitlement of each constituent Digital Currency of underlying type j, 
for Digital Securities of class i, for the previous day; 
 
MF(i,t) 
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to Digital Securities of class i on 
day t, expressed as a decimal (so that 98 basis points per annum is expressed 
as 0.0098 or 0.98 per cent); 
 
N 
is 365 (or 366 in a leap year). 
 
Each Coin Entitlement is calculated each day to the Entitlement Precision Level, which is 
disclosed in the Final Terms for the relevant class of Digital Securities. The Management Fee 
will be paid monthly in arrears by transfer of Digital Currency from the Secured Wallets. 
 
Publication of Index Entitlement, Basket Entitlement and constituent Coin Entitlements 
 
The Issuer will arrange for publication on the Issuer’s Website at https://www.coinshares.com 
of the current Index Entitlement and Basket Entitlement (and the constituent Coin Entitlements)

--- Page 59 ---
59 (169) 
for each class of Digital Security in issue. 
 
Management Fee 
 
The Management Fee for each class of Digital Security is determined by applying the 
applicable rate to the aggregate Coin Entitlement of the relevant class. The rate of the 
Management Fee for each class of Digital Security is an annual rate as follows: 
 
Class of Digital Security 
Management Fee  
CoinShares Physical Top 10 Crypto 
ETP 
1.00 per cent. per annum 
CoinShares Physical Smart Contract 
Platform ETP  
1.00 per cent. per annum 
 
The Management Fee for each class of Digital Security is aggregated and payable in Digital 
Currency to CSJL on a monthly basis. 
 
The rate of the Management Fee in respect of any class or classes of Digital Security may be 
varied by the Issuer from time to time. If the Management Fee is amended, such amendment 
will be notified through an RIS, and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 
30 days following the publication of such notification. 
 
Creations and Redemptions 
 
Creations 
 
Digital Securities may be created at any time during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Prospectus. Unless otherwise agreed with Authorised Participants, there shall be no 
minimum number of Digital Securities that may be applied for. 
 
An Authorised Participant applying for Digital Securities will be required to deposit Digital 
Currencies of the relevant Underlying Types in a Secured Wallet in an amount equal to the 
applicable Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement (as the case may be) of the Digital 
Securities applied for. The standard settlement cycle for settlement of trades for an Application 
is two Business Days (T+2) (although the Issuer may, at its sole discretion) reduce that to T+1. 
 
An Application received by the Issuer by 2:30 pm London time (day “T”) with receipt of the 
Digital Currency in a Secured Wallet within one Business Day (“T+1”) will generally enable 
investors to be registered as the Security Holder in respect of the relevant Digital Securities 
within two Business Days, that is, on a T+2 basis. 
 
Digital Securities will only be issued after: 
 
(a) receipt by the Issuer of a valid Application; 
 
(b) the deposit into a Secured Wallet of Digital Currencies of the relevant Underlying Types 
in an amount equal to the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement (as applicable) of 
the Digital Securities applied for; 
 
(c) transfer by the relevant Custodian of the Digital Currencies deposited by the Applicant 
as referred to in (b) above to the Secured Wallets; and 
 
(d) receipt by the Issuer of the Creation Fee.

--- Page 60 ---
60 (169) 
 
Upon the occurrence of (a) to (d) above, the Digital Securities applied for will be issued to the 
relevant Applicant, provided that the Issuer reserves the right to reject any Application. If the 
Issuer elects to reject an Application, it must notify the relevant Applicant forthwith and ensure 
any Digital Currency and any money in respect of the Creation Fee received from such 
Applicant is returned to it as soon as possible. 
 
The number of Digital Securities to be issued to an Applicant will be specified in the Application. 
The Applicant will deposit into the Secured Wallets an amount of Digital Currency of the 
relevant Underlying Types equal to: 
 
(a) the number of Digital Securities to be delivered; multiplied by 
 
(b) the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement (as the case may be) on the date of issue. 
 
Applicants will be refunded any excess Digital Currency deposited with the Custodian in 
connection with the creation of Digital Securities, whether arising from an error by the Applicant 
or from rounding. 
 
Redemptions 
 
A Security Holder (provided it is an Authorised Participant) may, at any time, by lodging a 
Redemption Notice with the Issuer, require the redemption of all or any of its Digital Securities 
by way of delivery of Digital Currency. 
 
Redemptions will generally be settled two Business Days following the date upon which a valid 
Redemption Notice is lodged with the Issuer, that is, on a T+2 basis (or on such later date 
specified in the Redemption Notice). Redemption Notices lodged after 2:00 pm (London time) 
or on a day which is not a Business Day will be treated as having been received on the next 
Business Day. 
 
If Digital Securities are to be redeemed in Digital Currency, the Custodian will be instructed to 
withdraw from the Secured Wallets Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Types in an 
amount equal to the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of such Digital Securities on the 
Settlement Date, and deliver the same (less any Redemption Deductions) to the Digital Wallet 
of the redeeming Security Holder, provided that no delivery shall be made unless the 
redeeming Security Holder has paid the Redemption Fee to the Issuer. Neither the Trustee 
nor the Issuer shall be responsible or liable for any failure by the Custodian to effect a delivery 
of Digital Currency in accordance with the instructions of the Trustee. However, in the event of 
such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable assign to the redeeming Security Holder 
its claims in relation to such Digital Currency in satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder 
in respect of the Digital Securities to be redeemed and the Security Holder shall have no further 
claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
 
Furthermore, as required by the regulatory requirements of the SFSA and pursuant to 
Conditions 7.3(a)(i) and 7.3(b), the Issuer irrevocably agrees that it will permit Security Holders 
investing under this Prospectus who are not authorised participants to redeem (in the event 
there are no Authorised Participants) by way of Cash Settlement or by requesting delivery of 
the relevant Digital Currencies. 
 
In the limited circumstances under which Digital Securities may be redeemed by way of Cash 
Settlement, the Coin Sales Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) will sell Digital Currency of the 
relevant Underlying Types in an amount equal to the aggregate Index Entitlement or Basket

--- Page 61 ---
61 (169) 
Entitlement of such Digital Securities for US Dollars at the best price reasonably attainable 
therefor pursuant to the Coin Sales Agency Agreement. In determining the best price 
reasonably attainable, the Coin Sales Agent is required to have regard to any reference price 
that is regulated in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (or any reference price used by any listed security providing passive exposure to 
the relevant digital currency which is the subject of a prospectus published in an EU member 
state in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129)). Given 
the asset-backed and limited recourse nature of Digital Securities, investors must be aware 
that the net proceeds may be other than (i) any assessment made by a Security Holder 
pursuant to the description in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of its 
investment?), (ii), the relevant Index or (iii) any published indicative value of the relevant Digital 
Security as described in the section “Publication of indicative value for each Digital Security” 
in Part 2. 
 
Pursuant to the Coin Sales Agency Agreement, the Custodian will be instructed to withdraw 
from the Secured Wallets such Digital Currency and to transfer the same to the Coin Sales 
Agent in settlement of such sale on the Settlement Date. 
 
The Coin Sales Agent will be instructed to remit the net proceeds of sale (after deduction of all 
Redemption Deductions) realised from such sale to any account of the relevant Security Holder 
(via the Swiss Paying Agent or any other relevant paying agent, if applicable) notified to the 
Issuer in accordance with its Redemption Notice. 
 
None of the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Coin Sales Agent or the Trustee will be liable 
for any failure by any purchaser of Digital Currency to effect or complete the purchase of such 
Digital Currency, to deliver the applicable net proceeds of sale or other amount due or 
otherwise comply with its obligations entered into for these purposes, but in the event of any 
such failure, the Issuer will to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the redeeming 
Security Holder of its claims in relation to such Digital Currency in satisfaction of all claims of 
such Security Holder in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed and the Security 
Holder will have no further claims against the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Coin Sales 
Agent, the Trustee or the Secured Property. 
 
What are the Redemption Deductions? 
 
Certain costs, defined in the Conditions as Redemption Deductions, may be deducted upon 
Redemption. In particular, delivery of Digital Currency often incurs a transaction cost payable 
to the relevant blockchain or distributed ledger technology on which the relevant Digital 
Currency operates. Any such transaction fee will be deducted by the relevant blockchain from 
amount of the Digital Currency transferred. 
 
For Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants who elect to redeem via physical 
delivery, Redemption Deductions will be in addition to the relevant Physical Delivery Fee. For 
more information, see Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). 
 
Prospective purchasers should note that Redemption Deductions are payable in respect of 
redemption of Digital Securities. Prospective purchasers should note that the Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of a Digital Security will be calculated less any 
applicable fees, which include but not are limited to Redemption Deductions. As such, the 
amount due to a Security Holder in respect of each Digital Security held by it on the Settlement 
Date or the Compulsory Redemption Date may be less than the aggregate Index or Basket 
Entitlement in respect of such Digital Securities.

--- Page 62 ---
62 (169) 
Coin Sales Agent 
 
The Issuer has, pursuant to the Coin Sales Agency Agreement, appointed CoinShares Capital 
Markets (Jersey) Limited to act as Coin Sales Agent for the purpose of effecting sales of Digital 
Currency on a redemption of Digital Securities. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be 
liable to the Security Holders for any loss arising from the appointment (or non-appointment) 
of any dealer as a Coin Sales Agent. 
 
Transaction Costs 
 
The bid/offer quotes sought and the price obtained by the Coin Sales Agent (on behalf of the 
Issuer) for all sales of Digital Currency in redeeming Digital Securities by way of Cash 
Settlement will generally be on the basis of the transaction costs and dealer fees being 
absorbed by the counterparty. However, the redeeming Security Holder will be obliged to pay 
the Issuer all sale costs (including any transfer and sales taxes associated with sales of Digital 
Currency and exchanges of currencies (if any)) and, unless paid by the redeeming Security 
Holder, such amounts may be set off by the Issuer against the redemption moneys payable to 
the redeeming Security Holder. 
 
Security Structure 
 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the Redemption Obligations 
of the Issuer to Security Holders upon redemption of Digital Securities. The Issuer has been 
established as an “umbrella” or “multi-class” company with separate Pools of assets so that 
the Issuer can issue separate types of securities, based on different types of Digital Currencies, 
combinations of types of Digital Currencies or combinations of Digital Currencies and other 
assets, but on terms that each such separate class of securities would have recourse only to 
the Pool attributable to that class and not to the assets attributable to any other class. 
 
The assets and liabilities attributable to each class of Digital Security will represent the Pool 
for that class. Thus there are currently two separate Pools applicable to Digital Securities 
issued under this Prospectus (as well as separate pools attributable to the Digital Individual 
Securities). A single Pool secures all Digital Securities of a single class. 
 
Digital Securities are constituted under the Trust Instrument entered into between the Issuer 
and the Trustee as trustee for Securities Holders of each class. The Trustee holds all rights 
and entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust for the Security Holders. In addition, the 
Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a single Security Deed in respect of all Pools. The 
rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under the Security Deed in respect of the Digital 
Securities of each class are held by the Trustee on trust for the Security Holders of that 
particular class. 
 
Further details of the Trust Instrument are set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). 
Further details of the Security Deed are set out in Part 7 (Particulars of the Security Deed). 
 
Custody of Secured Digital Currency 
 
All secured Digital Currency will be held by a Custodian in its custody solution. 
 
Further information in relation to custody of the Digital Currency held by or for the Issuer, the 
Custodian and the Custody Agreements are set in Part 8 (The Custodian and the Custody 
Agreement).

--- Page 63 ---
63 (169) 
Insurance of Digital Currency 
 
The Custodian may make such insurance arrangements from time to time in connection with 
its custodial obligations with respect to Digital Currency held in the Secured Wallets as it 
considers necessary or appropriate and the Custody Agreement provides that any such 
insurance will be solely for the benefit of the Custodian. The Custodian has no obligation to 
insure such Digital Currency against loss, theft or damage and the Issuer does not intend to 
insure against such risks. In addition, the Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate 
insurance arrangements have been made, or for insuring the Digital Currency held in the 
Secured Wallets, and shall not be required to make any enquiry regarding such matters. 
 
The Custodian 
 
The initial Custodian appointed to the Issuer is Komainu (Jersey) Limited, a private limited 
company incorporated under the laws of Jersey, Channel Islands (with registered number 
127169) having its registered address at 3rd Floor, 2 Hill Street, St. Helier, Jersey, JE2 4UA, 
Channel Islands. The Custodian is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission for 
the provision of custody and depositary services. 
 
The Custodian is entitled to a fee, for its services under the Custody Agreement, based on the 
value of Digital Currency held in the Secured Wallets. Such fee will be paid by the Programme 
Manager out of the fee payable to it as described under the heading “Management Fee” in 
Part 1 (General). 
 
The Staking Agent 
 
The Issuer has entered into the Staking Agency Agreement with its affiliate, CoinShares 
Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited (the “Staking Agent”). Under the Conditions and the Trust 
Instrument and pursuant to the terms of the Staking Agency Agreement, the Issuer may agree 
with the Staking Agent to contribute certain of its assets to validators for the purpose of earning 
staking rewards.  
 
Under the terms of the Staking Agency Agreement, the Staking Agent will manage the amount 
of Digital Currency contributed for staking and will indemnify the Issuer against losses in 
relation to slashing. The Issuer will share staking rewards with Security Holders either in the 
form of a reduced management fee or an adjustment to the Coin Entitlement.

--- Page 64 ---
64 (169) 
PART 5 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Overview of the Programme 
 
Digital Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only to Authorised 
Participants. Applications for Digital Securities will not be accepted unless the Issuer in its 
discretion determines to do so. Only Authorised Participants may apply for and/or redeem 
Digital Securities (except that in certain circumstances, including when there are no Authorised 
Participants, a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may require redemption 
of Digital Securities in return for an amount of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Types 
equal to the aggregate Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of the Digital Securities to be 
redeemed or, if such delivery is prohibited, by way of Cash Settlement, such cash to be 
obtained by the sale by the Coin Sale Agent of an amount of Digital Currency of the relevant 
Underlying Types equal to the Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement of the Digital Securities 
being redeemed. 
 
A Security Holder of Digital Securities who is not an Authorised Participant who requires the 
redemption by way of delivery of Digital Currency may do so on a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday or a public holiday in England) on which banks are open for business in England 
and Jersey, in which case the Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, 
receive delivery of an amount of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Types representing 
the amount of its Index Entitlement or Basket Entitlement (minus all relevant deductions 
including a Physical Delivery Fee currently equal to one per cent. of the aggregate Coin 
Entitlement to be redeemed) to its personal Digital Wallet. 
 
A Security Holder is defined in the Conditions as the person in whose name a Digital Security 
is registered. Under the Trust Instrument, the Issuer will recognise the registered holder of any 
Digital Securities as the absolute owner thereof and will not be bound to take notice or see to 
the execution of any trust whether express, implied or constructive to which any Digital 
Securities may be subject. 
 
Digital Securities are available to be issued in Certificated Form or in Uncertificated Form in 
the CREST System in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations. Persons who apply for 
Digital Securities and wish to hold their Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form should so 
signify on the Application Form and complete the relevant sections of that form in accordance 
with the instructions thereon. See “CREST” below. 
 
Passporting 
 
The Issuer may request the SFSA to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus to other EEA 
Member States in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of making a 
public offer in such Member States or for admission to trading of all or a series of Digital 
Securities on a regulated market therein.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer 
has asked/intends to ask the SFSA to notify approval of the Base Prospectus to competent 
authorities in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France Germany, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Italy, Norway, Poland and Spain. In addition, the Issuer may decide to register 
the Base Prospectus with a review body within the meaning of article 52 of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Financial Services for the purposes of making a public offer of Digital Securities in 
Switzerland or admission to trading of all or a series of Digital Securities on a regulated stock 
exchange in Switzerland. 
 
Procedure for Application

--- Page 65 ---
65 (169) 
 
Only Authorised Participants may make an Application. An Authorised Participant who wishes 
to apply for Digital Securities should complete the Application Form in accordance with the 
instructions thereon and send it to the Issuer. 
 
For those Applicants who wish to hold their Digital Securities in Certificated Form, certificates 
in respect of the Digital Securities will be dispatched within 10 Business Days of the Digital 
Securities being issued. For those Applicants who desire to hold their Digital Securities in 
Uncertificated Form, the relevant CREST account will be credited on the day on which the 
Digital Securities are issued against payment. The Issuer considers it preferable that Digital 
Securities be held in Uncertificated Form. Notwithstanding any other provision in this 
document, the Issuer reserves the right to issue any Digital Securities in Certificated Form. In 
normal circumstances this right is only likely to be exercised in the event of any interruption, 
failure or breakdown of CREST (or any part of CREST), or on the part of the facilities and/or 
systems operated by the Registrar in connection with CREST. This right may also be exercised 
if the correct details (such as participant ID and member account details) are not provided as 
requested on the Application Form. No temporary documents of title will be issued and, 
pending despatch of security certificates, transfers will be certified against the register. 
 
By completing and delivering an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the 
CREST system, the Applicant confirms and agrees that: 
 
(a) it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be 
contained in this document; 
 
(b) no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any 
liability for any information or representation not contained in this document; 
 
(c) it is an Eligible Authorised Participant; and 
 
(d) it understands that Digital Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer alone. 
 
Further details on new issues are set out in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities).  
 
Subscription for Digital Securities 
 
Subscriptions for Digital Securities must be equal to or greater than €100,000 in notional value 
of the Digital Currency to be delivered. All Digital Currency being used to apply for Digital 
Securities must be deposited into a Secured Wallet. To the extent that an Applicant deposits 
Digital Currency into a Secured Wallet in excess of the amount required for the number of 
Digital Securities applied for, or if the relevant Application is rejected, such excess Digital 
Currency will be returned to the relevant Applicant as soon as practicable. 
 
Duration of Trading 
 
The Issuer intends to apply for listing on regulated markets or multi-lateral trading facilities in 
Switzerland, and/or the EEA and trading in respect of any class of Digital Securities will 
commence on the date of the listing of the Digital Securities of that class on a regulated market 
or MTF in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain and Sweden 
or Switzerland.   
 
Settlement

--- Page 66 ---
66 (169) 
 
CREST 
 
The Issuer is a participating issuer in and the Digital Securities are participating securities in 
CREST, a paperless multi-currency electronic settlement procedure enabling securities 
(including debt securities) to be evidenced otherwise than by written instrument, and 
transferring such securities electronically with effective delivery versus payment. Accordingly, 
to the extent that the Digital Securities are issued in Uncertificated Form, settlement of 
transactions in the Digital Securities may take place within the CREST system. 
 
Settlement on the SIX Swiss Exchange 
 
In Switzerland, all Digital Securities traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be settled through 
SIX SIS AG, Olten, Switzerland (SIS) and any additional clearing system approved by the SIX 
Swiss Exchange AG, Zurich, Switzerland (“SIX Swiss Exchange”), or any other additional 
clearing system specified in the Final Terms (“Relevant Clearing System”). 
 
Digital Securities of each class are issued in uncertificated form, as uncertificated securities 
that are created by the Issuer by means of a registration in its register of uncertificated 
securities within the CREST system. 
 
No responsibility for settlement systems 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will have any responsibility for the performance by the 
relevant settlement systems, which are CREST and SIX SIS SA (or its participants or indirect 
participants), of any of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations. 
The Issuer intends to apply for one or more Classes of Digital Securities issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on a regulated market or any other market place, such 
as a multilateral trading facility (MTF), in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Switzerland and Sweden and, subject to completion of relevant 
notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA.  The Issuer may cause such 
application to be made in respect of the Digital Securities of any or all classes on any such 
exchanges or markets in its discretion, including in Germany or any other EEA member state. 
 
Registers 
 
The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. 
 
Money Laundering Regulations 
 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and 
regulations and/or any subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and 
verification of the identity of the Authorised Participants for Digital Securities may be required. 
The anti-money laundering laws and regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the 
Programme and verification of the identity of the Authorised Participants. 
 
By lodging an Application Form, each Authorised Participant confirms that it is subject to the 
Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from time to time) (in relation to Jersey), 
the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) 
Regulations 2017 (as amended from time to time) (in relation to the UK) and/or any other 
applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such 
other evidence of identity as is required by the Issuer at the time of lodging the Application

--- Page 67 ---
67 (169) 
Form or order, or, at the absolute discretion of the Issuer, at such specified time thereafter as 
may be requested to ensure compliance with the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, the 
Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) 
Regulations 2017 and/or any other applicable legislation. 
 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity 
requirements apply to any Authorised Participant and whether such requirements have been 
satisfied. Neither the Issuer nor any of its agents shall be responsible or liable to any person 
for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
 
No Application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such Authorised Participant’s 
identity satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is provided. 
 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, the reason for any offer being made under 
the Base 
Prospectus is to generate general corporate income for the Issuer. 
 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds of any particular issue of Digital Securities will be 
specified in the applicable final terms. Such proceeds will be delivered to a Secured Wallet 
and used as part of the security for the Digital Securities of the applicable class(es). 
 
Consent to use this Prospectus  
 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any particular series of Digital Securities, the 
Issuer consents to the use of this Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer (i) by the 
financial intermediary/ies (each, an "Authorised Offeror"), (ii) during the offer period and (iii) 
subject to the relevant conditions, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at 
the date of this Prospectus no Authorised Offeror has been designated so by the Issuer. 
 
The consent shall be valid in relation to Sweden and, subject to completion of relevant 
notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA and Switzerland, provided that 
it shall be a condition of such consent that the Prospectus may only be used by the relevant 
Authorised Offeror(s) to make offerings of the relevant Securities in the jurisdiction(s) in which 
the Non-exempt Offer is to take place, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors after the date of 
the relevant Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period, and/or (iii) remove or add 
conditions and, if it does so, such information in relation to the relevant Digital Securities will 
be published by way of notice which will be available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.coinshares.com. The consent relates only to offer periods occurring within 12 
months from the date of this Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Prospectus in relation to any person 
(an "Investor") purchasing Digital Securities pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer where the offer 
to the Investor is made (i) by an Authorised Offeror (or the Issuer), (ii) in a jurisdiction for which 
the Issuer has given its consent, (iii) during the offer period for which the consent is given and 
(iv) in compliance with the other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as set forth 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Other than in accordance with the terms set forth in the paragraph above, the Issuer has not 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offers of the Digital Securities or the use of this 
Prospectus by any person. No financial intermediary or any other person is permitted to use

--- Page 68 ---
68 (169) 
this Prospectus in connection with any offer of the Digital Securities in any other circumstances. 
Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer has no responsibility or liability to any 
Investor purchasing Digital Securities pursuant to such offer or for the actions of any person 
making such offer. 
 
If an Investor intends to purchase Digital Securities from an Authorised Offeror, it will 
do so, and such offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and other 
arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and the Investor, including as 
to price allocations and settlement arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any 
such arrangements and, accordingly, this Prospectus does not contain such 
information. The terms and conditions of such offer should be provided to the Investor 
by that Authorised Offeror at the time such offer is made. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 69 ---
69 (169) 
PART 6 
TRUST INSTRUMENT AND CONDITIONS  
The issue of Digital Individual Securities of the Issuer having an aggregate Principal Amount 
of up to USD1,000,000,000, of any of the classes initially created by the Trust Instrument, was 
authorised pursuant to a resolution of the Board passed on 20 December 2020. The issue of 
Digital Individual Securities of the Issuer having an aggregate Principal Amount of up to 
USD1,000,000,000, of any of the classes created by the supplemental trust instrument dated 
21 December 2021, was authorised pursuant to a resolution of the Board passed on 21 
October 2021. The issue of Digital Individual Securities of the Issuer having an aggregate 
Principal Amount of up to USD1,000,000,000, of any of the classes created by the 
supplemental trust instrument dated 1 June 2022, was authorised pursuant to a resolution of 
the Board passed on 21 October 2021.  The Digital Individual Securities are the subject of a 
separate base prospectus dated 20 April 2022. 
The issue of Digital Securities having an aggregate Principal Amount of up to 
USD1,000,000,000, of any of the classes created by the fourth supplemental trust instrument 
dated on or about 3 March 2023, was authorised pursuant to a resolution of the Board passed 
on 3 March 2023. 
Digital Securities will be constituted by the Trust Instrument, which is governed by Jersey law 
and secured by the Security Deed which is governed by English law. Under the terms of the 
Trust Instrument the Trustee may (subject to certain conditions) delegate all or any of its trusts, 
rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions in respect of Digital Securities upon such 
terms and subject to such conditions and regulations as the Trustee may in the interests of the 
Security Holders think fit. 
The Trustee, The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c., is a public limited company 
registered in England with number 1675231 whose registered office is at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood 
Street, London EC2V EX and which was incorporated on 2 November 1982. 
Save in the case of its own fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee has no 
liability under the Trust Instrument for a breach of trust or otherwise 
The Trustee is not liable for any Liability which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of 
its trusts, rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Programme Documents. 
The extract from the Trust Instrument below is drafted in legal language; however, information 
on how the terms and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained throughout this 
Prospectus including Part 1 (General) and Part 4 (Description of Digital Securities). The 
conditions of issue of each class of Digital Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument. 
The following are the conditions applicable to the Index Securities and the Basket Securities: 
"The Conditions – Index Securities and Basket Securities 
The Index Securities and the Basket Securities are non-interest bearing, undated, limited 
recourse, secured debt securities of CoinShares Digital Securities Limited (the “Issuer”) and 
are constituted by, are issued subject to and have the benefit of, a trust instrument dated 21 
December 2020 between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee 
for the holders of Digital Securities as amended and supplemented by a first supplemental 
trust instrument dated 21 December 2021, a second supplemental trust instrument dated 1 
June 2022, a third supplemental trust instrument dated 15 September 2022 and a fourth 
supplemental trust instrument dated on or about 3 March 2023, and are governed by Jersey 
law.

--- Page 70 ---
70 (169) 
 
The Security Holders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice 
of, all the provisions of the Trust Instrument and the Security Deed (as defined below) and the 
Conditions set out below. 
1. 
DEFINED TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
1.1. 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following words and expressions have the following 
meanings: 
“Acceptable Delivery” in respect of Digital Securities to be Redeemed, means the 
Security Holder having delivered such Digital Securities: 
(a) in the case of Digital Securities in Certificated Form, by delivering the 
certificates in respect of such Digital Securities to the Issuer or an Affiliate of 
the Issuer (as directed by the Issuer) accompanied by such duly executed 
instruments of transfer and accompanying documentation as the Issuer may 
specify; 
(b) in the case of Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form, by depositing such 
Digital Securities into an account (as directed by the Issuer) of the Issuer or an 
Affiliate in CREST and giving correct delivery free of payment instructions in 
CREST; or 
(c) in any case by delivering such Digital Securities to the Issuer or an Affiliate of 
the Issuer in such manner as may be agreed with the Issuer; 
“Additional Asset” has the meaning given in Condition 15.4(a);  
“Adjustment Event” means, in respect of any class of Digital Security, any of the 
following: 
(a) a Fork Event affecting the Underlying Assets in respect of that class; 
(b) any other event or circumstance in which any Digital Currency or other asset is 
allocated or distributed to the Issuer in right of its ownership of the Underlying 
Assets and whether or not such allocation or distribution is subject to conditions; 
(c) any change to the market for transacting in Digital Currencies or holding Digital 
Currencies in custody, whether affecting Digital Currencies in general or any 
Digital Currency forming the Underlying Assets or part thereof attributable to 
that class; and 
(d) any change in the legal or regulatory status of any Digital Currency; 
“Affiliate” means: 
(a) in relation to the Issuer means any Subsidiary or Holding Company of the Issuer 
or any Subsidiary of any such Holding Company; and 
(b) in relation to any other person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by that person or entity, any other person or entity that 
controls, directly or indirectly, that person or entity, or any other person or entity

--- Page 71 ---
71 (169) 
directly or indirectly under common control with that person or entity; and for 
this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means ownership of a majority 
of the voting power of the entity or person; 
“Agency Agreement” means the Determination Agency Agreement, the Coin Sales 
Agency Agreement, the Staking Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the 
Registrar Agreement and any other agreement made by the Issuer with a person 
under which such agent is appointed from time to time in relation to the Digital 
Securities or the Digital Securities of any class or classes; 
“Agency Agreement Default” in respect of the Digital Securities of any class, 
means an Event of Default in respect of such class falling within paragraph (c) or 
(d) of the definition of “Event of Default” in Condition 12.9; 
“Agents” means the Determination Agent, the Coin Sales Agent, the Staking Agent, 
the Custodian and the Registrar or any of them and such other agent(s) as may be 
appointed from time to time in relation to the Digital Securities or the Digital 
Securities of any class or classes under the Determination Agency Agreement, the 
Coin Sales Agency Agreement, the Staking Agency Agreement, the Custody 
Agreement, the Registrar Agreement or any other agreement with the Issuer under 
which such agent is appointed from time to time in relation to the Digital Securities 
or the Digital Securities of any class or classes, as applicable, and any successor 
or replacement and “Agent” means any of them; 
“Application” in respect of Digital Securities, means an offer by an Authorised 
Participant to the Issuer to subscribe for Digital Securities; 
“Asset Acquisition” has the meaning given in Condition 15.4A; 
“Asset Disposal” has the meaning given in Condition 15.4A; 
“Asset 
Disposal 
Commencement 
Date” 
has 
the 
meaning 
given 
in 
Condition 15.4A; 
“Authorised Participant” means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities, any 
Eligible Authorised Participant that has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to, inter alia¸ that class of Digital Securities; 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means a written agreement between the 
Issuer and another person under which such person is appointed to act as an 
“Authorised Participant”, distribution agent or in a substantially similar function in 
relation to Digital Securities, or Digital Securities of any class or classes, and if such 
agreement is subject to conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have 
been satisfied; 
“bankruptcy” includes the meanings given to such term under Article 8 of the 
Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954; 
“Base Currency” means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities, the currency 
of denomination of the Digital Securities of the class, as specified in the Class 
Schedule; 
“Basket Entitlement” in respect of any class of Basket Securities has the meaning 
given in Condition 5.2;

--- Page 72 ---
72 (169) 
“Basket Securities” means Digital Securities of a class specified in Part A of the 
Class Schedule; 
“Basket Security Rebalancing” has the meaning given in Condition 5A; 
“Board” means the board of directors of the Issuer or, as the context may require, 
the board of directors of the Issuer from time to time; 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday 
in England) on which commercial banks generally are open for the transaction of 
business in London; 
“Cash Distribution” has the meaning given in Condition 15.4B; 
“Cash Distribution Commencement Date” has the meaning given in 
Condition 15.4B; 
“Cash Settlement” in relation to the Redemption of any Digital Securities, means 
settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by sale of 
Digital Currency of each Underlying Type and payment of the net proceeds of sale 
to the relevant Security Holder in accordance with Condition 7.12 (Payment of Cash 
on Redemption) or Condition 8.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption); 
“Certificated” or “Certificated Form” means not in Uncertificated Form; 
“class” means a class of Digital Securities having the same ISIN or other similar 
identifier, whatever the date of issue thereof; 
“Class Schedule” means Schedule 6A (Classes of Index Securities and Basket 
Securities) to the Trust Instrument.  The Class Schedule may be amended by the 
Issuer to add new classes of Digital Securities without the consent of Security 
Holders in respect of any existing class by an instrument in writing signed on behalf 
of the Issuer; 
“Coin Entitlement” means, as at any date and in relation to a Digital Security of any 
class, the amount(s) of the Digital Currency of each Underlying Type to which 
(subject as provided in the Conditions) the Security Holder is entitled on Redemption 
of that Digital Security on that date calculated in accordance with Condition 5 (Coin 
Entitlement); 
“Coin Sales Agency Agreement” means the coin sales agreement entered into by 
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Coin Sales Agent and the Determination Agent; 
“Coin Sales Agent” means CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited and any 
successor thereto or replacement thereof or any other entity appointed as coin sales 
agent in accordance with the terms of the Coin Sales Agency Agreement; 
“Compulsory Redemption” means a redemption of Digital Securities in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) 
and “Compulsorily Redeemed” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Compulsory Redemption Date” means in relation to any Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 8.1 (Compulsory Redemption on Termination) the date specified to be 
such by the Issuer pursuant to that Condition, in relation to any Redemption 
pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event) the

--- Page 73 ---
73 (169) 
date specified by the Trustee to be such pursuant to that Condition and in relation 
to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption for illegality 
or impossibility) the date specified to be such by the Issuer pursuant to that 
Condition; 
“Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date” means, in relation to any 
Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer 
Insolvency Event), the date specified by the Trustee as such in accordance with that 
Condition and, in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Compulsory 
Redemption on Termination), Condition 8.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) or 
Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption for illegality or impossibility), the date 
specified by the Issuer as such in accordance with that Condition; 
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions on and subject to which Digital 
Securities are issued in the form set out in Schedule 2A (The Conditions – Index 
Securities and Basket Securities) to the Trust Instrument as the same may from time 
to time be modified in accordance with the Trust Instrument and any reference 
herein to a particular specified Condition or paragraph or sub-paragraph of such a 
Condition shall be construed accordingly; 
“CREST” means the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding 
of uncertificated securities operated by CrestCo in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Regulations; 
“CREST Business Day” means a day on which CREST is open for the purpose of 
effecting settlement of Digital Securities; 
“CrestCo” means Euroclear UK & International Limited (formerly known as 
CRESTCO Limited and Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited) incorporated in England 
and Wales under number 2878738; 
“Custodian” means, in respect of a class of Digital Securities and Digital Currency 
of each Underlying Type held by or for the Issuer in respect of such class, such 
party appointed as custodian and any successor or replacement thereto in 
accordance with the terms of a Custody Agreement; 
“Custody Agreement” means any custody agreement relating to Underlying Assets 
entered into by the Issuer and each Custodian and any other relevant party; 
“Delivery Default” in respect of any Digital Security, means an Event of Default in 
respect of such Digital Security falling within paragraph (a) of the definition of “Event 
of Default” in Condition 12.9; 
“Delivery Precision Level” means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities and 
Underlying Type, the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Determination Agency Agreement” means the determination agency agreement 
entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Determination Agent; 
“Determination Agent” means CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited and 
any successor thereto or replacement thereof or any other entity appointed as 
determination agent in accordance with the terms of the Determination Agency 
Agreement; 
“Determination Agent Breach” has the meaning given in Condition 6.3(b)

--- Page 74 ---
74 (169) 
“Digital Currency” means money, scrip or other representation of value or 
contractual rights that can only be exchanged electronically on a Distributed Ledger 
(including, without limitation, each Underlying Type) and “Digital Currencies” shall 
be construed accordingly; 
“Digital Securities” means undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of the 
Issuer constituted by the Trust Instrument of any of the classes specified in the Class 
Schedule; 
“Digital Wallet” in relation to a Security Holder means the digital wallet of the 
Security Holder which will be used to receive or send Digital Currency;  
“Distributed 
Ledger” 
means 
a 
single, 
sequenced, 
standardised 
and 
cryptographically secured record of activity to be shared among and acted upon by 
multiple participants; 
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means a person with whom the Issuer may 
lawfully enter into an Authorised Participant Agreement and observe and perform 
the terms thereof and who meets any other conditions of eligibility determined from 
time to time by the Issuer; 
“Entitlement Precision Level” means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities and 
Underlying Type, the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given in Condition 12.9 (Events of Default); 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in relation to any class of Digital Securities, a 
day on which the Relevant Stock Exchange (or any of them) is open for business; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means, in respect of a particular class or particular 
classes taken together of Digital Securities (as defined in the Trust Instrument), 
either (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of Digital Securities (as so 
defined) of such class or classes duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions contained in the Trust Instrument and carried by a majority consisting of 
not less than 75 per cent. in number of the persons voting thereat upon a show of 
hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, by a majority consisting of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Digital Securities (as so defined) 
of such class or classes voting on such poll or (b) a resolution in writing of holders 
of such class or classes of Digital Securities (as so defined) holding not less than 
75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Digital Securities (as so defined) of such 
class or classes; 
“Final Terms” in respect of any class of Digital Securities means a document in 
respect of such class constituting “Final Terms” as referred to in the Prospectus; 
“Fork Event” means the splitting of the code base underlying the Distributed Ledger 
applicable to a Digital Currency, potentially creating two or more Distributed Ledgers 
which may or may not be incompatible with each other, one in respect of that Digital 
Currency and one or more in respect of a different Digital Currency; 
“Further Securities” means securities issued by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Further Securities; Other Pools; Fork Events; Consolidation and 
Division);

--- Page 75 ---
75 (169) 
“Holding Company” has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the 
Companies Act 2006 of the United Kingdom; 
“Index” in respect of any class of Index Securities has the meaning given in respect 
of such class in the Class Schedule; 
“Index Cancellation” means, in respect of an Index, the Index Sponsor in respect 
of that Index permanently cancels such Index; 
“Index Disruption” means, in respect of an Index on any Business Day, the Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce such Index; 
“Index Disruption Event” means an Index Cancellation, Index Disruption and/or 
Index Modification; 
“Index Entitlement” in respect of any class of Index Securities has the meaning 
given in Condition 5.3;  
“Index Handbook” in respect of any class of Index Securities has the meaning given 
in respect of such class in the Class Schedule; 
“Index Modification” means. in respect of an Index, that the Index Sponsor 
announces that it shall make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than 
a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the 
event of changes in constituent digital assets and capitalisation and other routine 
events); 
“Index Securities” means Digital Securities of a class specified in Part B of the 
Class Schedule; 
“Index Security Rebalancing” has the meaning given in Condition 5B; 
“Index Sponsor” means, in respect of an Index and a class of Index Securities, the 
Index Sponsor specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Individual Certificate” means, in respect of Digital Securities in Certificated Form, 
a definitive certificate in registered form representing such Digital Securities; 
“Individual Securities” means Digital Securities of a class specified in 
Schedule 6 (Classes of Digital Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Investment Company Act” means the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940; 
“Investor Notice Expiry Date” has the meaning given in Condition 11.1; 
“Issuer” means CoinShares Digital Securities Limited, a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey with registered number 127061; 
“Issuer Business Day” means a day which is both a Business Day and a Jersey 
Business Day; 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means the Issuer: 
(a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);

--- Page 76 ---
76 (169) 
(b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) makes a general assignment, scheme, arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors, including, without limitation, a compromise or 
arrangement of the type referred to in Article 125 of the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991; 
(d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for 
its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution 
or presentation thereof; 
(e) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), including, 
without limitation, any procedure or process referred to in Part 21 of the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991; 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it 
or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; 
(h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive); or 
(i) 
takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; 
“Issuer’s 
Website” 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: https://www.coinshares.com/ or such other internet address as may be 
used by the Issuer and notified to Security Holders and the Trustee; 
“Jersey” means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands; 
“Jersey Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public 
holiday in Jersey) on which commercial banks generally are open for the transaction 
of business in Jersey; 
“Liability” means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but 
not limited to, legal costs and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), 
judgment, interest on any judgment, assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement 
of any action or claim, and “Liabilities” shall be construed accordingly;

--- Page 77 ---
77 (169) 
“Listing” in respect of a class of Digital Securities, means the admission of that 
class of Digital Securities to trading on a regulated market in the European Union or 
Switzerland for listed securities becoming effective; 
“Management Fee” means in respect of a class of Digital Securities the 
management fee payable by the Issuer to the Programme Manager or any Affiliate 
or successor of the Programme Manager in consideration for the provision by the 
Programme Manager or any Affiliate of the Programme Manager of all management 
and administration services in relation to the Programme, as set out in the 
Prospectus, as that amount may be adjusted from time to time as set out in the 
Prospectus, provided that, notwithstanding and without prejudice to any statement 
in the Prospectus, the Issuer may implement any temporary or permanent reduction 
in the Management Fee in relation to Digital Securities of any Staking Class in 
accordance with Condition 5.3; 
“New York Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a 
public holiday in New York) on which commercial banks generally are open for the 
transaction of business in New York City; 
“Node” means an individual database instance in a blockchain containing a copy of 
the full ledger of such database, and capable of validating transactions within such 
database; 
“outstanding” means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the Trust Instrument and 
the Security Deed, in relation to a class of Digital Securities and any date, all the 
Digital Securities issued on or prior to such date other than: 
(a)  
those that have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 8; 
(b)  
those that have been cancelled for any reason; 
(c)  those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the 
Redemption Amount has been duly delivered or paid to the Trustee, and which 
remain available for payment against surrender of Digital Securities; 
(d)  those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed; 
(e)  those which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an 
Authorised Participant but in respect of which the relevant Authorised 
Participant(s) has not delivered or paid in full the relevant subscription amount 
under the Authorised Participant Agreement; and 
(f)  those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled or held as Treasury 
Securities as provided in Condition 7 (Redemption of Digital Securities) or 
Condition 8 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) and 
Condition 16.1 (Treasury Securities) (as applicable), 
provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at 
any meeting of the Security Holders or participate in any resolution in writing of the 
Security Holders, (2) the determination of how many Digital Securities are 
outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, the Trust Instrument and the 
Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the 
Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the 
interests of the Security Holders, those Digital Securities that are beneficially held

--- Page 78 ---
78 (169) 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer and not cancelled shall 
(unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Digital Securities (if any) which the Issuer has agreed 
on or prior to such date to issue but in respect of which delivery or payment of the 
relevant subscription amount has not been received in full from the relevant 
Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to such relevant Authorised Participant(s) 
has not yet occurred shall not be deemed to be "outstanding" on such date; 
“Physical Delivery” in relation to the Redemption of any Digital Security, means 
delivery of Digital Currency of each Underlying Type in accordance with 
Condition 7.11 (Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) or Condition 8.7 
(Delivery of Digital Currency on Compulsory Redemption); 
“Physical Delivery Fee” means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities and 
Underlying Type, the fee specified as such, expressed as a percentage of the 
applicable Coin Entitlement, in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other amount which (a) in the case of an 
increase to the Physical Delivery Fee in respect of any class of Digital Securities or 
any Underlying Type, shall be notified to the Security Holders in respect of such 
class by a RIS announcement no less than 30 days prior to such increased fee 
becoming effective; or (b) in the case of a decrease to the Physical Delivery Fee in 
respect of any class of Digital Securities or any Underlying Type, shall be applicable 
with effect from such date (which may be retrospective) as may be determined by 
the Issuer and notified to Security Holders by a RIS announcement as soon as 
practicable after such determination; 
“Pool” means a separate pool of assets to which Digital Securities of a particular 
class are attributable; 
“Principal Amount” means, in respect of each class of Digital Securities, the 
amount specified as such in the Class Schedule; 
“Programme” means the programme for the issue of Digital Securities by the Issuer; 
“Programme Document” means, in respect of each class of Digital Securities, each 
of the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed, each Custody Agreement, the 
Determination Agency Agreement, the Coin Sales Agency Agreement, the Staking 
Agency Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, any other Agency Agreement, and 
each Authorised Participant Agreement and “Programme Documents” means all 
such documents; 
“Programme Manager” means CoinShares (Jersey) Limited or any successor 
thereto; 
“Programme Party” means a party to a Programme Document (other than the 
Issuer and the Security Holders); 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor” means any “employee benefit plan” within the 
meaning of section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, 
any “plan” to which section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying 
assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 
C.F.R. Section 2510.3 101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by

--- Page 79 ---
79 (169) 
reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that 
is subject to any U.S. Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who 
holds Digital Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any such 
Plan or entity; 
 
“Prospectus” means the base prospectus of the Issuer in relation to the Digital 
Securities, as the same may be modified, supplemented or amended from time to 
time; 
“Rebalancing” means a Basket Security Rebalancing or an Index Security 
Rebalancing; 
“Rebalancing Date” means: 
(a)  in respect of a Required Rebalancing, the date(s) on which the Index 
rebalances in accordance with its methodology or, if such date is not a Business 
Day, the following Business Day; and 
(b)  in respect of a Voluntary Rebalancing, the date(s) so notified to Security 
Holders by the Issuer; 
“Rebalancing Index Disruption Event” means the occurrence of an Index 
Disruption Event that the Issuer or the Determination Agent on its behalf determines 
necessitates an adjustment to the Index Entitlement in respect of a class of Index 
Securities pursuant to a Voluntary Rebalancing in accordance with Condition 5B; 
“Redemption” means the redemption of Digital Securities by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions (and “Redeem” shall be construed accordingly); 
“Redemption Amount” in respect of: 
(a) any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by Physical Delivery, means the 
aggregate Coin Entitlement in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type 
comprised in the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) 
of such Digital Securities as at the Settlement Date rounded down to the 
Delivery Precision Level less (in the case of Redemption by Physical Delivery 
in accordance with Condition 7.4 (Redemption by other Security Holders 
seeking Physical Delivery), an amount of the Digital Currency of each 
Underlying Type attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect of such Digital Securities rounded up to the Delivery Precision Level 
equal to the Physical Delivery Fee) and in each case less an amount of such 
Digital Currency having a value equal (in the opinion of the Determination 
Agent) to the Redemption Fee and any other Redemption Deductions rounded 
up to the Delivery Precision Level; and 
(b) any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by Cash Settlement, means an amount 
in US Dollars equal to the net proceeds of sale of the aggregate Coin 
Entitlement in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the 
Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of such Digital 
Securities rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level of such Digital 
Securities in accordance with Condition 7.12 (Payment of Cash on 
Redemption) or Condition 8.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption)

--- Page 80 ---
80 (169) 
as at the date on which settlement of such sale was completed less the 
Redemption Fee and any other Redemption Deductions; 
“Redemption Deductions” in respect of any Digital Securities to be Redeemed 
means an amount equal to the costs, charges and/or fees incurred by the Issuer in 
connection with such Redemption, including, without limitation: 
(a) in respect of any Redemption to be effected by Physical Delivery, any costs 
incurred by the Issuer, the Custodian(s), the Coin Sales Agent or any other of 
the Issuer’s agents as part of a sale or purchase of Digital Currency; 
(b) any banking fees or costs incurred as part of transfer of cash or Digital Currency 
between accounts of the Issuer and/or any Security Holder; 
(c) in respect of any Redemption to be effected by Cash Settlement, any costs 
incurred as part of currency conversions which may be necessary to facilitate 
the Redemption; 
(d) any Blockchain network fees which are incurred as part of transfer of Digital 
Currencies from one Digital Wallet to another Digital Wallet; 
(e) any costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee incurred in relation to enforcing 
the Security and taking any steps required as a part of a sale, a purchase or the 
transfer of Digital Currency; 
(f) any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant 
jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any authority thereof having 
power to tax;  
(g) in respect of a Compulsory Redemption of Digital Securities pursuant to 
Condition 8.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause), the cost to the Issuer 
incurred in relation to the Redemption, including the costs of enquiries under 
Condition 11 (Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) and the cost of giving 
such notice, being not greater than US$500 or such other amount as may be 
notified through a RIS; and 
(h) any other costs, fees, expenses or other amounts, details of which are included 
in the Prospectus or notice of which has been given to the Security Holders, or 
the Security Holders of the relevant class, by a RIS announcement, 
in each case to the extent that the Issuer determines to charge such costs, charges 
and/or fees to the Security Holder in respect of such Redemption or such costs, 
charges and/or fees are payable by the Security Holder pursuant to the Conditions.  
In the case of a Redemption to be settled by Physical Delivery, the amount of Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type to be deducted on account of Redemption 
Deductions shall be as determined by the Determination Agent.  In the case of any 
Redemption to be settled in cash, the amount of any Redemption Deductions not 
denominated in the currency of payment shall be converted into an amount in the 
currency of payment as determined by the Determination Agent; 
“Redemption Fee” means the fee payable by a Security Holder on the redemption 
of Digital Securities pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption Fee);

--- Page 81 ---
81 (169) 
“Redemption Notice” means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary in 
content depending on the method of Redemption required or elected for such Digital 
Securities and the form in which the Digital Securities are held) prescribed from time 
to time by the Issuer for requesting Redemption of Digital Securities; 
“Redemption Notice Date” means an Issuer Business Day on which a valid 
Redemption Notice is received provided that a Redemption Notice received after 
3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will be treated as having been 
received on the immediately following Issuer Business Day; 
“Redemption Obligations” means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a 
Digital Security to make payment or deliver Digital Currency of each Underlying Type 
to the relevant Security Holder in accordance with the Conditions; 
“Reference Price”, in respect of each type of Digital Currency to which a Basket 
Security or an Index Security relates and a Rebalancing, means the reference price 
source or method specified or referred to in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class 
Schedule, in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of such Basket Security or Index 
Security; 
“Register” with respect to each class of Digital Securities issued in registered form 
or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form, means the register maintained 
in Jersey by the Registrar of persons holding the Digital Securities of that class; 
“Registrar” with respect to a class of Digital Securities issued in registered form or 
in dematerialised uncertificated registered form, means such party as may be 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Register; 
“Registrar Agreement” with respect to a class of Digital Securities issued in 
registered form or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form, means the 
Agreement for the provision of Registry and Associated Services entered into 
between the Registrar, the Issuer and the Trustee; 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means, in relation to any class of Digital Securities, 
the stock exchange or market specified in the Prospectus (including the applicable 
Final Terms as defined in the Prospectus) and/or any other stock exchange on 
which Digital Securities of that class may be admitted to listing or trading; 
“repay”, “redeem” and “pay” shall each include both the others and cognate 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
“Required Rebalancing” has the meaning given in Condition 5B.2; 
“RIS” means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information 
relating to the Digital Securities, or the Digital Securities of any class or classes, 
under the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to 
time; 
“Secured Creditor” in respect of any class of Digital Securities means the Trustee 
and the Security Holders in respect of such class; 
“Secured Property” means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities and any 
Pool, subject as provided in the Security Deed, (a) all rights of the Issuer under each 
Custody Agreement (i) to and in relation to the Digital Currencies held pursuant to 
the Custody Agreement to the extent that the same relate to the relevant Pool; and

--- Page 82 ---
82 (169) 
(ii) to the extent that such rights apply to deliveries or payments due in respect of 
Digital Securities of that class, or any part thereof, and (b) all rights of the Issuer in 
relation to the Digital Currency held for the relevant Pool, in each case which are 
subject to the security created in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed 
as it applies in respect of such class; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
“Security” means, in respect of each Pool, the security constituted by the Security 
Deed to the extent applicable to such Pool; 
“Security Deed” means the Security Deed dated on or about the date of the Trust 
Instrument between the Issuer and the Trustee and, in respect of each Pool to which 
a class of Digital Securities is attributable, the same as it applies to that Pool; 
“Security Holder” means the person in whose name a Digital Security is registered; 
“Security Holder Account” means: 
(a)  in relation to any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by Physical Delivery, a 
Digital Wallet able to receive the relevant Digital Currency; and 
(b)  in relation to any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by Cash Settlement and 
any other payment specified to be due by the Issuer to a Security Holder under 
these Conditions, an account in US Dollars, 
which, in the case of an Authorised Participant, shall be notified in writing for such 
purposes by the Authorised Participant to the Issuer and the Trustee from time to 
time, and in the case of a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant, shall 
be as specified in the applicable Redemption Notice; 
“Settlement Date” in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 7 means the 
date determined in accordance with Condition 7.14 and in relation to any issue of 
Digital Securities means the date on which such Digital Securities were issued.  For 
the purposes of any Application, such date shall, unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Authorised Participant, be the second Issuer Business Day or, if later, the 
second Exchange Business Day following the applicable Application, provided that 
if either such day is not both an Issuer Business Day and an Exchange Business 
Day, the Settlement Date shall be the immediately following day which is both an 
Issuer Business Day and an Exchange Business Day; 
“Slashing Penalty” means any penalty or reduction applied to any Staked Coins as 
a result of any non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with Staking rules or 
procedures or unavailability or slow, incorrect or malicious performance other than 
missed rewards or imperfect yields resulting from inefficient staking or inactive 
Nodes or network-forced inactivity; 
“Staked Coins” means Digital Currency of the Underlying Type applied for Staking; 
“Staking” means the non-custodial contribution of Digital Currency associated with 
a given decentralised network to such network for the purpose of facilitating, 
validating and approving transactions on such network; 
“Staking Agency Agreement” means the staking agency agreement entered into 
by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Staking Agent and the Determination Agent;

--- Page 83 ---
83 (169) 
“Staking Agent” means CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited and any 
successor thereto or replacement thereof or any other entity appointed as staking 
agent in accordance with the terms of the Staking Agency Agreement; 
“Staking Class” has the meaning given in Condition 5.5; 
“Staking Rewards” means the receipt of the Digital Currency associated with a 
given decentralized network from such network as a reward for Staking on such 
network; 
“Staking Transaction” means any application of Digital Currency of any type for 
Staking; 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies 
Act 2006 of the United Kingdom; 
“Tax” means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, 
without limitation, any tax on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or 
turnover, value added tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, excise, severance, 
sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax or duty or any other similar tax, duty 
or charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, 
applicable tax authority or jurisdiction; 
“Tranche” means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities issued on any date, the 
Digital Securities of that class that are issued on the same date with the same 
Principal Amount; 
“Treasury Securities” means Digital Securities held by an Affiliate of the Issuer 
either (a) which have been issued without delivery to the Issuer of Digital Currency 
of the relevant Underlying Type pursuant to Condition 14.3 or (b)  the rights of the 
Issuer in respect of the Underlying Assets relating to which have been released from 
the security constituted by the Security Deed pursuant to Condition 16.1(b) or 
(c) which are otherwise held in accordance with Condition 16.1 (Treasury 
Securities); 
“Trust Instrument” means the trust instrument dated 21 December 2020 between 
the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the 
Security Holders including the Schedules thereto and any trust instrument 
supplemental thereto and the schedules (if any) thereto; 
“Trustee” means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. appointed as such 
under the Trust Instrument and includes any replacement trustee under the Trust 
Instrument; 
“Trustee Consent Documents” means the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed and 
the Custody Agreement; 
“UCITS Fund” means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the 
UCITS directive (Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) as amended is an undertaking 
for collective investment in transferable securities subject to that directive and 
includes a UCITS Scheme and a UK UCITS; 
“UCITS Scheme” means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “UCITS 
Scheme” contained in the FSA Glossary from time to time;

--- Page 84 ---
84 (169) 
“UK UCITS” has the meaning given in section 237 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom from time to time; 
“uncertificated”, “Uncertificated”, “uncertificated form” and “Uncertificated 
Form” means recorded on the Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to 
which, by virtue of the Uncertificated Regulations, may be transferred by means of 
CREST; 
“Uncertificated Notice of Meeting” means in relation to any Digital Securities in 
Uncertificated Form an uncertificated notice of meeting in accordance with the rules 
and operating procedures applicable to CREST; 
“Uncertificated Regulations” means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) 
(Jersey) Order 1999; 
“Underlying Assets” in respect of any class of Digital Securities, means the Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type held by or for the Issuer in respect of such class; 
“Underlying Type” in respect of any class of Digital Securities, means the types of 
Digital Currency specified in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“United Kingdom” or “UK” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland; 
“United States” or “U.S.” means the United States of America, its territories and 
possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia; 
“US Dollars” or “US$” or “USD” means United States dollars;  
“VAT” means value added tax;  
“Voluntary Rebalancing” has the meaning given in Condition 5B.2;  
“Weight Adjustment Factor” means: 
(a) in respect of a class of Basket Securities and a relevant day, an amount 
determined by the Determination Agent that represents a change in the Coin 
Entitlement for a Digital Currency of each relevant Underlying Type comprised 
in the Basket Entitlement for that class of Basket Securities to reflect the 
quantities of such Digital Currency held in respect of the Basket Securities 
following a Basket Security Rebalancing (which includes execution costs, 
slippage and other costs involved in the Rebalancing), which shall be zero on 
any day other than a Rebalancing Date; and  
(b)  in respect of a class of Index Securities and a relevant day, an amount 
determined by the Determination Agent that represents a change in the Coin 
Entitlement for a Digital Currency of each relevant Underlying Type comprised 
in the Index Entitlement for that class of Index Securities to reflect the quantities 
of such Digital Currency held in respect of the Index Securities following an 
Index Security Rebalancing (which includes execution costs, slippage and other 
costs involved in the Rebalancing), which shall be zero on any day other than 
a Rebalancing Date; and

--- Page 85 ---
85 (169) 
“Weights” in respect of a Basket Security Rebalancing has the meaning given in 
Condition 5A and in respect of an Index Security Rebalancing means the effective 
percentage weights of the Digital Currencies of each relevant Underlying Type in 
the Index derived by the Determination Agent for the purposes of that Index Security 
Rebalancing. 
1.2. 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires: 
(a) 
Headings to Conditions, paragraphs, and other provisions of these 
Conditions are inserted for ease of reference only and shall not affect the 
interpretation of these Conditions. 
(b) 
Any reference to a person or persons includes reference to any individual, 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, public body, 
governmental authority or other entity. 
(c) 
Words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa. 
(d) 
Words in the masculine gender shall also include the feminine gender 
and vice versa; 
(e) 
Any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement, deed, prospectus 
or other document includes a reference to these Conditions, or, as the 
case may be, such agreement, deed, prospectus or other document, as 
amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(f) 
All references in these Conditions to any statute or any provision of any 
statute shall be deemed also to refer to any statutory modification or re-
enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made 
thereunder or under any such modification or re-enactment. 
(g) 
Unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time 
is a reference to local time in London, England. 
2. 
STATUS OF DIGITAL SECURITIES 
2.1. 
Digital Securities constitute non-interest bearing undated limited recourse secured 
debt obligations of the Issuer secured as set out in Condition 3 (Security and Limited 
Recourse). The Digital Securities of each class rank pari passu among themselves.  
Each Digital Security has a Principal Amount and, without prejudice to Condition 7 
(Redemption of Digital Securities) but subject always to the provisions of 
Condition 3.2 (Limited Recourse), a Security Holder may elect to receive on 
redemption an amount in cash equal to the Principal Amount in lieu of the amount 
otherwise specified in Condition 7. The Issuer acknowledges in the Trust Instrument 
its indebtedness in respect of the aggregate Principal Amount. 
2.2. 
Digital Securities do not bear interest and have no final maturity date. 
3. 
SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
3.1. 
Security 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Digital Security are secured 
pursuant to the Security Deed by a first ranking floating charge in favour of the

--- Page 86 ---
86 (169) 
Trustee for the Security Holders over the Secured Property attributable to that class, 
and by an assignment to the Trustee by way of security of all the Issuer's rights in 
relation to each Custody Agreement to the extent that it relates to such class. 
3.2. 
Limited Recourse 
The Trustee and the Security Holders of any class of Digital Securities shall have 
recourse only to the Secured Property relating to the relevant Pool and any sums 
derived therefrom. If, the Trustee (or any other secured party) having realised the 
same, the net proceeds are insufficient for the Issuer to make all payments and meet 
all obligations which, but for the effect of this Condition, would then be due, (a) the 
obligations of the Issuer to each Security Holder shall be satisfied by delivery to the 
Security Holder of, and limited to, the Relevant Proportion of such net proceeds of 
realisation following satisfaction of prior ranking claims, where the “Relevant 
Proportion” is the proportion that the Digital Securities of the relevant class held by 
such Security Holder bears to the total number of the Digital Securities of that class 
outstanding, (b) neither the Trustee nor any person acting on its behalf shall be 
entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums or 
property and (c) no debt shall be owed by the Issuer to any such person in respect 
of any such further sum or property. In particular, neither the Trustee nor any 
Security Holder shall be entitled to institute, nor join with any other person in 
bringing, instituting or joining, in relation to the Issuer any bankruptcy, suspension 
of payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding up, reorganisation, 
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any 
similar law (whether court based or otherwise) (except for the appointment of a 
receiver and manager pursuant to the Security Deed) for two years (or, if later, the 
longest suspense period, preference period or similar period (howsoever described) 
ending with the onset of insolvency in respect of which transactions entered into by 
the Issuer within such period may be subject to challenge under applicable 
insolvency or other proceedings) plus one day after the date on which all amounts 
payable under the last outstanding Digital Security of any class issued by the Issuer 
and constituted by the Trust Instrument are repaid, nor shall they have any claim in 
respect of any sum arising or other obligation in respect of the Secured Property for 
any other Pool or any other assets of the Issuer.  The provisions of this Condition 3.2 
shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the Digital Securities or the 
termination or expiration of any Programme Document. 
4. 
FORM AND TITLE 
4.1. 
The Digital Securities shall be participating securities for the purposes of the 
Uncertificated Regulations. All Digital Securities of the same class shall have the 
same Base Currency. 
4.2. 
Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form may be held and transferred by means of 
CREST in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations. Digital Securities in 
Uncertificated Form shall be cleared through CREST. 
4.3. 
A Security Holder may request that his Digital Securities be held in Certificated 
Form, in which case such Digital Securities shall be removed from CREST and an 
Individual Certificate in respect thereof issued in accordance with the Trust 
Instrument. 
4.4. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, for so long as the Digital 
Securities are participating securities: (i) the Register shall be maintained in Jersey

--- Page 87 ---
87 (169) 
and at all times outside of the United Kingdom, (ii) the Digital Securities may be 
issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided in the 
Uncertificated Regulations and (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions in 
respect of the Digital Securities shall remain applicable notwithstanding that they 
are not endorsed on any certificate or document of title. 
4.5. 
The Trustee and the Security Holders or any of them and any person authorised by 
any such person shall be at liberty at all reasonable times during office hours to 
inspect the Registers and to take (free of charge) copies of, or extracts from, the 
same or any part thereof.  In the event of the Trustee requiring to convene a meeting 
of, or to give any notice to, the Security Holders the Issuer shall furnish the Trustee 
(free of charge) with such copies of, or extracts from, the Registers as it shall require.  
Where the Issuer or the Trustee considers it necessary or expedient for the 
purposes of enforcing the provisions of the Trust Instrument or the purposes of 
Redeeming any Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form, they are hereby authorised 
to execute any document or instrument necessary to convert Digital Securities held 
in Uncertificated Form into Certificated Form and to take delivery of the 
corresponding certificate(s). 
4.6. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
Security Holder of any Digital Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as the absolute owner of such Digital Security for the purpose of receiving payment 
thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Digital 
Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss 
thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone and no person will be liable for so 
treating the holder. 
5. 
COIN ENTITLEMENT 
5.1. 
Digital Securities may be issued as Basket Securities or Index Securities. 
5.2. 
Each class of Digital Security which is a Basket Security will have a separate basket 
entitlement ( “Basket Entitlement”) as follows: 
(a) 
The Basket Entitlement of each Basket Security will comprise the 
separate Coin Entitlements in respect of each type of Digital Currency to 
which such Basket Security relates (as specified in the Class Schedule 
or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the applicable Final Terms).  The 
Basket Entitlement will equal the aggregate of each Coin Entitlement. 
(b) 
The initial Basket Entitlement on the date of issue and first admission to 
trading of the first Tranche of Basket Securities of a class will be as set 
out in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to that class of Basket Securities. 
(c) 
For any day following the date of issue and first admission to trading of 
the first Tranche of each class of Basket Securities, each Coin 
Entitlement in respect of a Basket Security of a class will, subject to 
Condition 5A (Rebalancing of Basket Securities), be calculated by the 
Determination Agent daily to the applicable Entitlement Precision Level 
(subject, in the case of Basket Securities of any Staking Class, as may

--- Page 88 ---
88 (169) 
be provided in any notice published in accordance with Condition 5.5(b)), 
in accordance with the following formula: 
CE(i,t) = CE(i,t-1) x (1 - MF(i,t))1/N 
where: 
i  
refers to the relevant class of Basket Security and the relevant 
type of Digital Currency; 
t  
 
refers to the applicable day (with t-1 being the 
previous day); 
CE(i,t)  
is the Coin Entitlement for that class of Basket Securities and 
that type of Digital Currency for day t; 
CE(i,t-1)  is the Coin Entitlement for that class of Basket Securities and 
that type of Digital Currency on the previous day; 
MF(i,t)  
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to that class of 
Basket Securities and that type of Digital Currency on day t, 
expressed as a decimal (so that by way of example 98 basis 
points per annum is expressed as 0.0098 or 0.98%); and 
N  
is the number of days in the calendar year (365 or 366). 
5.3. 
Each class of Digital Security which is an Index Security will have a separate index 
entitlement (“Index Entitlement”) as follows: 
(a) 
The Index Entitlement of each Index Security will comprise the separate 
Coin Entitlements in respect of each type of Digital Currency which is a 
constituent of the Index.  The Index Entitlement will equal the aggregate 
of each Coin Entitlement. 
(b) 
The initial Index Entitlement on the date of issue and first admission to 
trading of the first Tranche of Index Securities of a class will be as set out 
in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to that class of Index Securities. 
(c) 
For any day following the date of issue and first admission to trading of 
the first Tranche of each class of Index Securities, each Coin Entitlement 
in respect of an Index Security of a class will, subject to Condition 5B 
(Rebalancing of Index Securities), be calculated daily (subject, in the 
case of Index Securities of any Staking Class, as may be provided in any 
notice published in accordance with Condition 5.5(b)), to the applicable 
Entitlement Precision Level in accordance with the formula in 
Condition 5.2(c) where: 
i  
refers to the relevant class of Index Security and the relevant 
type of Digital Currency; 
t  
 
refers to the applicable day (with t-1 being the 
previous day);

--- Page 89 ---
89 (169) 
CE(i,t)  
is the Coin Entitlement for that class of Index Securities and that 
type of Digital Currency for day t; 
CE(i,t-1)  is the Coin Entitlement for that class of Index Securities and that 
type of Digital Currency on the previous day;  
MF(i,t)  
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to that class of 
Index Securities and that type of Digital Currency on day t, 
expressed as a decimal (so that by way of example 98 basis 
points per annum is expressed as 0.0098); and 
N  
is the number of days in the calendar year (365 or 366). 
5.4. 
Each Digital Security has a Principal Amount specified in the Class Schedule and, 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Redemption of Digital Securities) 
but subject always to Condition 3.2 (Limited Recourse), a Security Holder may elect 
to receive on redemption an amount in US Dollars equal to the Principal Amount 
less any Redemption Fee and any other Redemption Deductions converted into US 
Dollars at the rate prevailing at the time of conversion (as determined by the 
Determination Agent) in lieu of the amount otherwise specified in Condition 7 
(Redemption of Digital Securities). The Issuer acknowledges in the Trust Instrument 
its indebtedness in respect of the aggregate Principal Amount. 
5.5. 
Staking 
In respect of Digital Securities of any of the Staking Classes the Issuer may enter 
into Staking Transactions as follows: 
(a) 
subject as provided in this Condition 5.5 the Issuer may (notwithstanding 
the Security) in respect of Digital Securities of any of the Staking Classes 
apply some or all of the Underlying Assets forming part of the Secured 
Property in respect of Digital Securities of such class for Staking; 
(b) 
the Issuer shall not enter into any Staking Transaction in respect of Digital 
Securities of any of the Staking Classes unless it has in respect of such 
class published a notice on a RIS specifying how Staking Rewards shall 
be applied (which may be in the form of an accretion, periodic or 
otherwise, to the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case 
may be) of Digital Securities of such class) and/or implementing a 
temporary or permanent reduction in the Management Fee in relation to 
(i) Digital Securities of such class or (ii) one or more types of Digital 
Currency to which Digital Securities of such class relates.  The Issuer 
may retain for its own benefit all or part of such Staking Rewards but if it 
determines to retain all Staking Rewards in respect of any such class it 
shall implement a temporary or permanent reduction in the Management 
Fee in relation to Digital Securities of such class.  Any such notice shall 
state the period for which such arrangements shall apply or that 
arrangements shall apply until a date to be specified in a further notice 
published on a RIS; and 
(c) 
the Issuer shall not enter into any Staking Transaction in respect of Digital 
Securities of any of the Staking Classes unless a Staking Agency 
Agreement is in effect in relation to such class pursuant to which (i) if and 
whenever the Issuer does not have sufficient Digital Currency of any 
Underlying Type in respect of such class available to meet Redemptions

--- Page 90 ---
90 (169) 
of Digital Securities of that class as a result of Staking Transactions, the 
Staking Agent is required to make available by way of interest-free 
unsecured loan to the Issuer sufficient Digital Currency of that Underlying 
Type to meet all Redemptions in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(ii) the Staking Agent is required to indemnify the Issuer against all 
Slashing Penalties that arise in consequence of or in relation to any 
Staking Transaction. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, “Staking Class” means any Class of Digital 
Securities designated as a "Staking Class" in the Class Schedule or, if not in the 
Class Schedule, in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Class of Digital 
Securities. 
5A 
Rebalancing of Basket Securities 
5A.1. 
The amount and types of Digital Currency represented by the Basket Entitlement of 
a Basket Security of a class may be adjusted from time to time as provided in this 
Condition 5A (a “Basket Security Rebalancing”). 
5A.2. 
A Basket Security Rebalancing shall not create, issue, redeem or cancel any Digital 
Securities and no payment shall be made to a Security Holder in respect of any 
Basket Security Rebalancing.  
5A.3. 
The Issuer shall notify holders of Basket Securities of the relevant class through a 
RIS of a Basket Security Rebalancing in respect of that class of Basket Securities 
not less than 10 days prior to the expected effective date of that Basket Security 
Rebalancing, at the same time notifying them of the expected effective date or dates 
of that Basket Security Rebalancing and of the Weights to be used for that Basket 
Security Rebalancing. 
5A.4. 
The Issuer shall then instruct the Determination Agent to use reasonable 
endeavours on the Rebalancing Date(s) to carry out such trading activities as are 
necessary to match (to the extent reasonably practicable) the proportions of the 
Digital Currency of each Underlying Type held in respect of the relevant Basket 
Security to the Weights, which may include the addition of a new type of Digital 
Currency subject to that Digital Currency being accepted by a Custodian for custody 
under the relevant Custody Agreement. 
5A.5. 
A Basket Security Rebalancing may be effected on a single day or on up to five 
consecutive Business Days or five consecutive Issuer Business Days.  The 
Determination Agent shall determine the proportion by Value (having the meaning 
given in this Condition 5A.5) that each type of Digital Currency to which a Basket 
Security of a class relates shall bear to the total Value of that Basket Security as at 
the effective date or dates of that Basket Security Rebalancing (such proportion the 
“Weight”) and shall calculate the Coin Entitlement in respect of each type of Digital 
Currency applicable to that class of Basket Security for each such effective date or 
dates on the basis of such Weights and applying the Weight Adjustment Factor and 
such that the Value of a Basket Security of that class immediately after such Basket 
Security Rebalancing or, in the case of a Basket Security Rebalancing effected over 
more than one day, immediately after the partial Basket Security Rebalancing on 
each day shall (to the extent reasonably practicable) be the same as such Value 
immediately prior to such Basket Security Rebalancing or partial Basket Security 
Rebalancing. If, for whatever reason, the Determination Agent is unable (in good 
faith) to calculate the Weight Adjustment Factor, such as in circumstances where

--- Page 91 ---
91 (169) 
the trading activities referenced in Condition 5A.4 above have not completed or 
settled in full, then the calculation of the Index Entitlement may be postponed until 
the Weight Adjustment Factor is able to be calculated by the Determination Agent. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5A.5, the “Value” of a Basket Security shall be the 
aggregate of the value of its Coin Entitlement in respect of each Digital Currency to 
which such Basket Security relates calculated by reference to the Reference Price 
in relation to each such type of Digital Currency.  
5B 
Rebalancing of Index Securities 
5B.1. 
The amount and types of Digital Currency represented by the Index Entitlement of 
an Index Security of a class may be adjusted from time to time as provided in this 
Condition 5B (an “Index Security Rebalancing”).  
5B.2. 
An Index Security Rebalancing will take place whenever the Index applicable to the 
relevant Index Securities is rebalanced (a “Required Rebalancing”) and may at the 
election of the Issuer take place on other occasions if the Issuer or the Determination 
Agent considers in good faith an Index Security Rebalancing to be desirable to help 
reduce tracking error with the Index or following the occurrence of a Rebalancing 
Index Disruption Event (a “Voluntary Rebalancing”).  
5B.3. 
An Index Security Rebalancing shall not create, issue, redeem or cancel any Digital 
Securities and no payment shall be made to a Security Holder in respect of any 
Index Security Rebalancing.  
5B.4. 
The Issuer shall notify holders of Index Securities of the relevant class through a 
RIS of a Voluntary Rebalancing in respect of that class of Index Securities not less 
than 10 days prior to the expected effective date of that Voluntary Rebalancing, at 
the same time notifying them of the expected effective date of that Voluntary 
Rebalancing, provided that in the case of a Voluntary Rebalancing following the 
occurrence of a Rebalancing Index Disruption Event, such Voluntary Rebalancing 
may be effected upon less than 10 days’ prior notice or upon immediate notice to 
holders of Index Securities of the relevant class. 
5B.5. 
The Issuer shall then instruct the Determination Agent to use reasonable 
endeavours on the Rebalancing Date(s) to carry out such trading activities as are 
necessary to match (to the extent reasonably practicable) the proportions of the 
Digital Currency of each Underlying Type held in respect of the relevant Index 
Security to the Weights, which may include the addition of a new type of Digital 
Currency (subject to that Digital Currency being accepted by a Custodian for custody 
under the relevant Custody Agreement). 
5B.6. 
An Index Security Rebalancing may be effected on a single day or on up to five 
consecutive Business Days or five consecutive Issuer Business Days.  For any 
Index Security Rebalancing, the Determination Agent shall calculate the Coin 
Entitlement for each type of Digital Currency to apply immediately following the Index 
Security Rebalancing by applying the Weight Adjustment Factor. If, for whatever 
reason, the Determination Agent is unable (in good faith) to calculate the Weight 
Adjustment Factor, such as in circumstances where the trading activities referenced 
in Condition 5B.5 above have not completed or settled in full, then the calculation of 
the Index Entitlement may be postponed until the Weight Adjustment Factor is able 
to be calculated by the Determination Agent.

--- Page 92 ---
92 (169) 
6. 
CALCULATIONS AND DETERMINATIONS; AGENTS AND RECORDS 
6.1. 
Calculations 
(a) 
The Determination Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such 
date and/or at such time as the Determination Agent is required in 
accordance with the Determination Agency Agreement and the 
Conditions, perform such duties and obligations as are required to be 
performed by it in accordance therewith. 
(b) 
The calculation by the Determination Agent of any amount, price, rate or 
value required to be calculated by the Determination Agent under the 
Determination Agency Agreement and the Conditions shall be made in 
good faith and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
on the Issuer, the Security Holders and the Programme Parties. 
6.2. 
Calculations by alternative agent 
If at any time after the Security has become enforceable pursuant to the provisions 
of the Security Deed the Determination Agent does not make any calculation relating 
to the Coin Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may 
be) or the Redemption Amount when required pursuant to the Conditions and the 
Programme Documents, then the Issuer will appoint an alternative agent on its 
behalf to make any calculation in place of the Determination Agent. Any such 
calculation shall for the purposes of the Conditions and the Programme Documents 
be deemed to have been made by the Determination Agent. In doing so, the 
appointed agent shall apply the provisions of the Conditions and/or the relevant 
Programme Document(s), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the 
extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall do so in such 
manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. The Trustee shall 
not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the 
Issuer, the Security Holders or any Programme Party for any calculation (or any 
delay in making any calculation) so made and will not itself by required to make, or 
have any responsibility for making, any such calculation. 
6.3. 
Determination Agent 
(a) 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Determination Agency 
Agreement, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that 
there shall at all times be a Determination Agent for so long as any of the 
Digital Securities are outstanding. If the Determination Agent resigns or 
its appointment is terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall use all 
reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable entity that provides services of 
a similar type to those required of the Determination Agent under the 
Trust Instrument, the Conditions and the Determination Agency 
Agreement or a leading bank or investment banking firm (acting through 
its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap, 
commodity or over-the-counter commodity futures and options or index 
options market) that the Issuer reasonably determines is capable of 
making the calculation(s) required to be made by the Determination 
Agent under the Trust Instrument, the Conditions and the Determination 
Agency Agreement to act as such in its place.

--- Page 93 ---
93 (169) 
(b) 
The Determination Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, 
in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any Security Holder, any 
other Programme Party or any other person for any Liability incurred by 
any such person that arises out of or in connection with the performance 
by the Determination Agent of its obligations under the Determination 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Instrument and the Conditions provided 
that nothing shall relieve the Determination Agent from any Liability 
arising by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, fraud or 
gross negligence of the Determination Agent (any such act or omission, 
a “Determination Agent Breach”). 
(i) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this 
Condition 6.3(b)(i), be held liable for any Liability arising as the 
result of a Determination Agent Breach, the Determination 
Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Security Holder, any other Programme Party or any other 
person if such Determination Agent Breach results solely and 
directly from either (A) the failure by any other Programme 
Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which such 
Programme Party is required or permitted to give under the 
Conditions or any relevant Programme Document or (B) a 
delay in the delivery by any other Programme Party of any 
notice, instruction or direction which such Programme Party is 
required or permitted to give to the Determination Agent under 
the Conditions or any relevant Programme Document. 
(ii) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this 
Condition 6.3(b)(ii), be held liable for any Liability arising as the 
result of a Determination Agent Breach, the Determination 
Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Security Holder, any other Programme Party or any other 
person if such Determination Agent Breach results solely and 
directly from the reliance by the Determination Agent upon a 
rate, amount, quotation, value or other calculation or 
determination notified to the Determination Agent pursuant to 
the Conditions and/or any relevant Programme Document 
which is made by another Programme Party in accordance 
with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Programme 
Document. 
(c) 
The Determination Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of 
agency or trust with any Security Holder. 
(d) 
The Determination Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those 
expressly set out in the Trust Instrument, the Conditions and the 
Determination Agency Agreement and no implied or inferred duties or 
obligations of any kind will be read into the Determination Agency 
Agreement against or on the part of the Determination Agent. The 
Determination Agent will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be 
liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other person under 
the Conditions, the Trust Instrument or any other Programme Document 
unless otherwise agreed pursuant to the Determination Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 94 ---
94 (169) 
6.4. 
Appointment of Agents 
(a) 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. 
The Agents do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any Security Holder. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time with the prior written approval of the Trustee and in accordance with 
the provisions of the Determination Agency Agreement, the Coin Sales 
Agency Agreement, the Staking Agency Agreement, the Custody 
Agreement or the Registrar Agreement, as applicable, to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Determination Agent, the Coin Sales 
Agent, the Staking Agent, the Custodian or the Registrar and to appoint 
additional or other Determination Agents, Coin Sales Agents, Staking 
Agents, Custodians or Registrars. Without prejudice to the provisions for 
the automatic termination of the appointment of an Agent in connection 
with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or proceedings in 
the relevant Programme Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to at all times maintain a Determination Agent, a Coin Sales 
Agent, a Staking Agent, a Custodian and a Registrar, in each case, as 
approved by the Trustee. The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the 
Security Holders of any change of Agent or any change to the specified 
office of an Agent. 
(b) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Instrument, at any time after an Issuer 
Insolvency Event or an Event of Default (unless deemed waived pursuant 
to Condition 12.2) has occurred in relation to the Digital Securities, the 
Trustee may by notice in writing to the Issuer, the Determination Agent, 
the Coin Sales Agent, the Staking Agent, the Custodian and/or the 
Registrar, require any and all of such Agents, until notified by the Trustee 
to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (A) act as agent 
of the Trustee on the terms of the Determination Agency Agreement, the 
Coin Sales Agency Agreement, the Staking Agency Agreement, the 
Custody Agreement or the Registrar Agreement, as applicable, (with 
consequential amendments as necessary) and except that the Trustee’s 
liability for the indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of 
such Agents (if any) shall be limited to the amounts for the time being 
held by the Trustee in respect of the Digital Securities on the terms of the 
Trust Instrument and which are available (after application in accordance 
with the relevant order of priority set out in Condition 13 (Application of 
Moneys)) to discharge such liability; or (B) deliver the Digital Securities 
and all moneys, documents and records held by them in respect of the 
Digital Securities to or to the order of the Trustee or as the Trustee directs 
in such notice. 
(c) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, at any time after the Security 
constituted by the Security Deed applicable to a class of Digital Securities 
has become enforceable, the Trustee may by notice in writing to the 
Issuer and any applicable Agent, require such Agent, until notified by the 
Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (i) act as 
agent of the Trustee on the terms of the agreement pursuant to which the 
Agent is appointed (with consequential amendments as necessary) and 
except that the Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, remuneration 
and all other expenses of such Agents will be limited to the amounts for 
the time being held by the Trustee in respect of the Security Deed and 
which are available (after application in accordance with the relevant

--- Page 95 ---
95 (169) 
order of priority set out in Condition 13 (Application of Moneys)) to 
discharge such liability; or (ii) deliver assets forming part of, or documents 
evidencing or representing, the Secured Property, to the Trustee or as 
the Trustee directs in such notice. 
7. 
REDEMPTION OF DIGITAL SECURITIES 
7.1. 
Redemption Entitlement 
Subject as provided in Condition 16 (Treasury Securities and Issuer’s Ability to 
Purchase Digital Securities) or as otherwise provided in the Conditions, each Digital 
Security shall carry: 
(a) 
a right on a Redemption under this Condition 7 (Redemption of Digital 
Securities) to delivery of Digital Currency of the Underlying Types in the 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 7.11 (Delivery of 
Digital Currency on Redemption) or, where permitted, to a cash payment 
in accordance with Condition 7.12 (Payment of Cash on Redemption), in 
each case on the applicable Settlement Date; 
(b) 
a right on a Compulsory Redemption under Condition 8 (Compulsory 
Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) to a cash payment in accordance 
with Condition 8.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption) or, 
where permitted, to delivery of Digital Currency of the Underlying Types 
in the Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 8.7 (Delivery of 
Digital Currency on Compulsory Redemption), in each case on the 
applicable Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date. 
7.2. 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
A Security Holder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided 
herein) require the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Digital Securities by 
delivery of Digital Currency of the Underlying Types in accordance with 
Condition 7.11 (Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) by lodging with the 
Issuer a Redemption Notice and by effecting an Acceptable Delivery in respect of 
the Digital Securities to be Redeemed. 
7.3. 
Redemption by other Security Holders 
(a) 
A Security Holder who is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject 
as provided herein) require the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding 
of Digital Securities by Physical Delivery in accordance with 
Condition 7.11 (Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) or by Cash 
Settlement in accordance with Condition 7.12 (Payment of Cash on 
Redemption) (as applicable), by lodging with the Issuer a valid 
Redemption Notice and by effecting an Acceptable Delivery in respect of 
the Digital Securities to be Redeemed, if, either: 
(i) 
on any Issuer Business Day, there are no Authorised 
Participants, and the Security Holder lodges on such day a 
valid Redemption Notice; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has given notice through a RIS in respect of any 
Issuer Business Day, or until further announcement or 
generally, that Redemptions by Security Holders who are not

--- Page 96 ---
96 (169) 
Authorised 
Participants 
will 
be 
permitted. 
Any 
such 
announcement may be general or subject to conditions, and 
any notice requesting any Redemption which is not in 
accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid. 
(b) 
Settlement of the Redemption Obligations in respect of the relevant 
Digital Securities will be effected in accordance with the Condition 7.11 
(Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) unless (i) the Security 
Holder in its Redemption Notice certifies that it is prohibited for legal or 
regulatory reasons from owning or taking delivery of the Digital Currency 
of the Underlying Types upon a Redemption; and/or (ii) the Issuer is 
prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from effecting a delivery of the 
relevant Digital Currency of the Underlying Types to the Security Holder, 
in which case the Redemption will be by Cash Settlement in accordance 
with Condition 7.12 (Payment of Cash on Redemption). 
(c) 
A Security Holder desiring to redeem Digital Securities must effect an 
Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed 
and must specify in its Redemption Notice a Security Holder Account in 
respect of the Digital Currency of each Underlying Type the subject of the 
applicable Redemption Obligations. Redemption Notices will not be 
treated as having been lodged until the Digital Securities to be Redeemed 
have been so delivered to the Issuer. 
7.4. 
Redemption by other Security Holders seeking Physical Delivery 
(a) 
Without prejudice to Condition 7.3, a Security Holder who is not also an 
Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) require the 
Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Digital Securities by Physical 
Delivery in accordance with Condition 7.11 (Delivery of Digital Currency 
on Redemption) by lodging with the Issuer a valid Redemption Notice and 
by effecting an Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to 
be Redeemed, subject to deduction of the Physical Delivery Fee which 
will be made from the applicable Coin Entitlement on such redemption, 
and which shall be retained for the benefit of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Settlement of the Redemption Obligations in respect of the relevant 
Digital Securities will be effected in accordance with the Condition 7.11 
(Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) unless (i) the Security 
Holder in its Redemption Notice certifies that it is a UCITS Fund or is 
otherwise prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from owning or taking 
delivery of Digital Currency of the Underlying Types into its Security 
Holder Account, being a “Prohibited Redeeming Security Holder”; 
and/or (ii) the Issuer is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from 
effecting a delivery of the relevant Digital Currency of the Underlying 
Types to the Security Holder (a “Prohibited Physical Redemption”), in 
which case the Redemption Notice shall not be valid and such Digital 
Securities shall consequently not be Redeemed. 
(c) 
A Security Holder desiring to redeem Digital Securities must effect an 
Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed 
and must specify in its Redemption Notice a Security Holder Account in 
respect of the Digital Currency of each Underlying Type the subject of the 
applicable Redemption Obligations. Redemption Notices will not be

--- Page 97 ---
97 (169) 
treated as having been lodged until the Digital Securities to be Redeemed 
have been so delivered to the Issuer. 
7.5. 
Redemption Notice 
A Redemption Notice: 
(a) 
must specify the number and class of Digital Securities to be Redeemed; 
(b) 
must relate to only one class of Digital Securities; 
(c) 
must be signed by, or by an authorised signatory on behalf of, the 
Security Holder; 
(d) 
must provide all forms of documentation required for the purposes of any 
compliance and identification checks; 
(e) 
must comply with any additional requirements specified in any notice 
given by the Issuer including, without limitation, to any announcement or 
notice in relation to the matters described in Condition 7.3(a)(ii); and 
(f) 
must (i) specify a Security Holder Account to the extent that it is not 
already specified in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, if 
applicable, (ii) if it is lodged by a Security Holder who is not also an 
Authorised Participant pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Redemption by other 
Security Holders) must certify whether or not it is a UCITS Fund or is 
otherwise prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from owning or taking 
delivery of Digital Currency of the Underlying Types into its Security 
Holder Account and (iii) if it is lodged by a Security Holder who is not also 
an Authorised Participant pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Redemption by 
other Security Holders seeking Physical Delivery), certify that such 
Security Holder is not a UCITS Fund or prohibited for legal or regulatory 
reasons from owning or taking delivery of Digital Currency of the 
Underlying Types upon a Redemption, 
and is irrevocable (save with the consent of the Issuer) once it has been lodged with 
the Issuer. 
7.6. 
Issuer to give effect to Redemption Notice 
Upon receipt by the Issuer of a valid Redemption Notice from a Security Holder in 
relation to any Digital Securities, the Issuer shall do all things necessary to give 
effect to the Redemption Notice as required by this Condition 7 (Redemption of 
Digital Securities). 
7.7. 
Validity of Redemption Notices 
A Redemption Notice shall be invalid: 
(a) 
if it is lodged by a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant 
unless any of the provisions of Condition 7.3(a) apply; or 
(b) 
if it does not satisfy each and all of Conditions 7.5(a) to 7.5(f); or 
(c) 
if it is lodged by a Prohibited Redeeming Security Holder within the 
meaning of Condition 7.4(b) or the Redemption in consequence of such

--- Page 98 ---
98 (169) 
Redemption Notice would be a Prohibited Physical Redemption within 
the meaning of Condition 7.4(b); or 
(d) 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Compulsory 
Redemption on Termination), Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Issuer Insolvency Event) or Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption for 
illegality or impossibility) to Redeem such Digital Securities compulsorily 
if the Redemption Notice is received or deemed received: 
(i) 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 8.1 
(Compulsory Redemption on Termination), later than ten 
Issuer Business Days prior to the Compulsory Redemption 
Settlement Date specified in accordance with that Condition; 
(ii) 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 8.2 
(Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event), on or 
after the date on which such notice was given; or 
(iii) 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 8.5 
(Compulsory Redemption for illegality or impossibility), on or 
after the date on which such notice was given; or 
(e) 
if the Redemption Notice is received (or deemed to be received) when 
Redemptions have been suspended or postponed pursuant to 
Condition 7.13,  
and no Digital Securities of the relevant class shall be Redeemed in respect of or 
under that Redemption Notice. 
7.8. 
Consequences of invalid Redemption Notice 
If the Issuer considers that a purported Redemption Notice is invalid, it shall notify 
the Security Holder lodging that Redemption Notice of that fact as soon as 
reasonably possible and shall not be obliged to Redeem pursuant to that 
Redemption Notice any Digital Securities. 
7.9. 
Late Redemption Notices 
A Redemption Notice received by the Issuer after 2.00 p.m. (London time) on an 
Issuer Business Day shall be treated as lodged on the immediately following Issuer 
Business Day. 
7.10. 
Changes to Redemption Procedures 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Trustee or the Security Holders, change 
or vary the procedures for the lodgement of Redemption Notices in accordance with 
Condition 24.2 and these Conditions shall be modified in respect of Redemptions to 
the extent of any such variation. 
7.11. 
Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption 
(a) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed by Physical 
Delivery, the Issuer shall upon receipt of the relevant valid Redemption 
Notice and confirmation that Acceptable Delivery in respect of such 
Digital Securities has been effected by the relevant Security Holder

--- Page 99 ---
99 (169) 
instruct the Custodian to transfer Digital Currency of each Underlying 
Type attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of 
such Digital Securities in an amount (rounded down to the Delivery 
Precision Level) equal to: 
(i) 
the Redemption Amount; less 
(ii) 
in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.4, the 
applicable Physical Delivery Fee (rounded up to the Delivery 
Precision Level), 
to the relevant Security Holder Account, to be delivered to such account 
on the Settlement Date. 
(b) 
From the relevant Settlement Date, all title to and risks in such Digital 
Currency shall pass to the holder of such Digital Securities. Neither the 
Trustee nor the Issuer shall be responsible or liable for (and no Event of 
Default shall occur by virtue of) any failure by the Custodian to effect a 
delivery of Digital Currency in accordance with the instructions of the 
Issuer. However, in the event of such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent 
practicable procure the assignment to the redeeming Security Holder of 
its claims in relation to such Digital Currency in satisfaction of all claims 
of such Security Holder in respect of the Digital Securities to be redeemed 
and the Security Holder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or 
the Secured Property. 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being 
Redeemed shall be satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.11 (Delivery of Digital 
Currency on Redemption). 
7.12. 
Payment of Cash on Redemption  
(a) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed by Cash 
Settlement, the Issuer shall upon receipt of the relevant valid Redemption 
Notice and confirmation that Acceptable Delivery in respect of such 
Digital Securities has been effected by the relevant Security Holder, 
instruct the Coin Sales Agent to sell in accordance with the Coin Sales 
Agency Agreement for US Dollars the relevant Digital Currency of each 
Underlying Type attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect of such Digital Securities in an amount equal to the aggregate 
Redemption Amount of the Digital Securities subject to Redemption. For 
this purpose the Issuer shall give such instructions to any Custodian as 
may be required by the Coin Sales Agent to give effect to such sale. 
(b) 
The Issuer will transfer the aggregate Redemption Amount with respect 
to the Digital Securities in US Dollars on the Settlement Date, or, if such 
date is not a New York Business Day, on the immediately following New 
York Business Day, to the relevant Security Holder in accordance with 
Condition 26.2. 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being 
Redeemed shall be satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.12 (Payment of Cash 
on Redemption).

--- Page 100 ---
100 (169) 
(d) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed by Cash 
Settlement, the Security Holder of the Digital Securities being Redeemed 
acknowledges and agrees (i) to accept the net proceeds of sale actually 
realised from the sale of the aggregate Coin Entitlement in Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement 
or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) rounded down to the Delivery 
Precision Level of such Coin Entitlement (less the Trustee’s fees and 
expenses (if any)) in full settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption 
Obligations in respect of such Digital Securities; (ii) that none of the 
Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Coin Sales Agent or the Trustee 
makes any representations or warranties as to the price at which Digital 
Currency may be sold or the amount of the proceeds of sale realised from 
the sale of Digital Currency; and (iii) none of the Issuer, the Determination 
Agent, the Coin Sales Agent or the Trustee shall be liable for any failure 
by any purchaser of Digital Currency to effect or complete the purchase 
of such Digital Currency, to deliver the applicable net proceeds of sale or 
other amount due or otherwise comply with its obligations entered into 
pursuant to this Condition, but in the event of any such failure, the Issuer 
shall to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the redeeming 
Security Holder of its claims in relation to such Digital Currency in 
satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the Digital 
Securities to be Redeemed and the Security Holder shall have no further 
claims against the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Coin Sales Agent, 
the Trustee or the Secured Property. 
7.13. 
Suspension of Redemptions 
If at any time the Determination Agent determines that the prevailing market value 
of the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) in respect of a 
Digital Security of any class is less than its Principal Amount, the Issuer may at any 
time thereafter and from time to time for so long as the Determination Agent 
determines that the prevailing market value of the Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) of a Digital Security of that class continues to be 
less than its Principal Amount, suspend the right to Redeem the Digital Securities 
of that class pursuant to Conditions 7.2, 7.3 (if applicable) and 7.4 and, subject as 
provided in this Condition 7.13, may terminate any such suspension. The following 
provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this 
Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of 
any such suspension via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give 
such notices shall not prevent the exercise of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a 
period of up to 30 days, and may continue thereafter provided that notice 
of a meeting has been issued convening a meeting for a date not more 
than 30 days after the date of the notice for the purpose of considering 
an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the effect of reducing the 
Principal Amount to a level less than 75 per cent. of the prevailing market 
value of the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may 
be) in respect of a Digital Security of that class as determined by the 
Determination Agent, in which event the suspension will cease when the 
meeting (or any adjournment thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary

--- Page 101 ---
101 (169) 
Resolution is passed and makes alternative provision, in accordance with 
the Extraordinary Resolution; 
(c) 
without prejudice to paragraph (b) above, any such suspension may 
continue at the discretion of the Issuer if the Extraordinary Resolution 
referred to in Condition 7.13(b) has not been passed; 
(d) 
any suspension implemented in accordance with this Condition shall not 
affect any Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Notice, received (or 
deemed to have been received) on a date prior to that on which the 
suspension commenced, but any Redemption Notice in respect of Digital 
Securities submitted or deemed to be received on a date when the right 
to request redemption of the Digital Securities pursuant to Conditions 7.2, 
7.3 (if applicable) and 7.4 is suspended pursuant to this Condition 7.13 
shall be invalid. 
7.14. 
Settlement Date 
In relation to any Redemption pursuant to this Condition 7, the Settlement Date shall 
be the second Issuer Business Day or, if later, the second Exchange Business Day 
following the applicable Redemption Notice Date, provided that if either such day 
is not both an Issuer Business Day and an Exchange Business Day, the Settlement 
Date shall be the immediately following day which is both an Issuer Business Day 
and an Exchange Business Day. 
8. 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE 
8.1. 
Compulsory Redemption on Termination 
(a) 
The Issuer may at any time determine that all Digital Securities, or all 
Digital Securities of any one or more class, are to be Redeemed 
compulsorily. In such event the Issuer shall give not less than 30 days’ 
notice to the Security Holders by RIS announcement specifying an Issuer 
Business Day to be the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such 
Redemption. 
(b) 
Redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.1 in respect of any Digital 
Security will be effected by Cash Settlement in accordance with 
Condition 8.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption) unless the 
Security Holder in respect of such Digital Security has, no later than ten 
Issuer Business Days prior to the Compulsory Redemption Date, 
delivered to the Issuer a valid Redemption Notice specifying Physical 
Delivery and effected an Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital 
Securities to be Redeemed.  Where Redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 8.1 in respect of any Digital Security is to be effected by 
Physical Delivery, Condition 8.7 (Delivery of Digital Currency on 
Compulsory Redemption) will apply. 
(c) 
Settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations on Redemption 
pursuant to this Condition shall be effected on the Compulsory 
Redemption Date or such later date as soon thereafter as reasonably 
practicable and in any event by the fifteenth Business Day after the 
Compulsory Redemption Date, the Compulsory Redemption Date or 
such later date being the “Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date” 
for the purposes of this Condition 8.1.

--- Page 102 ---
102 (169) 
8.2. 
Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may at 
any time, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders 
holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Digital Securities (as 
a whole) then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders 
(as a single resolution of the holders of all Digital Securities as though all Digital 
Securities constituted a single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer and by 
RIS announcement to the Security Holders that all the Digital Securities outstanding 
are to be Redeemed compulsorily and specifying an Issuer Business Day (falling 
not less than two Issuer Business Days from the giving of such notice) to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such Digital Securities.  Redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 8.2 will be effected by Cash Settlement in accordance 
with Condition 8.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption) on the 
Compulsory Redemption Date or such later date as soon thereafter as reasonably 
practicable and in any event by the fifteenth Business Day after the Compulsory 
Redemption Date, the Compulsory Redemption Date or such later date being the 
“Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date” for the purposes of this 
Condition 8.2. 
8.3. 
Compulsory Redemption for Cause 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written notice to a 
Security Holder that any Digital Securities held by that Security Holder are to be 
Redeemed compulsorily, and specifying an Issuer Business Day (being not less 
than five Issuer Business Days and not more than ten Issuer Business Days 
following the date of the notice) to be the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date 
in respect of such Digital Securities, if: 
(a) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 11 
(Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) to certify whether or not it is 
a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor and (i) the Security Holder did not by 
the date specified in the notice given under Condition 11 (Enquiries as to 
Status of Security Holders) provide such a certification to the Issuer in the 
form and executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder 
certified that it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(b) 
the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (i) that such Digital Securities 
are or may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in 
breach of any law or requirement of any country or by virtue of which such 
person is not qualified to own those Digital Securities, or (ii) that the 
ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of those Digital 
Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with any other 
circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Issuer, expose any Programme Party to a risk 
of violation of any law or regulation or cause a pecuniary or tax 
disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Security Holders which it or they 
might not otherwise have suffered or incurred; or 
(c) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 11 
(Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) to certify and provide 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer (acting reasonably) that the Security 
Holder is not in breach of any law or regulation or would risk exposing

--- Page 103 ---
103 (169) 
any Programme Party to a breach of any law or regulation and (i) the 
Security Holder did not by the date specified in the notice given under 
Condition 11 (Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) provide such a 
certification in the form and executed in the manner required or evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is in 
breach of any law or regulation or would risk exposing any Programme 
Party to a breach of any law or regulation, 
provided that if the relevant Security Holder in the case of sub-paragraph 8.3(a)(i) 
or 8.3(c)(i) so failed to provide such a certification, or in the case of sub-
paragraph 8.3(a)(ii) or 8.3(c)(ii) certified that it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor 
or is in breach of any law or regulation or would risk exposing any Programme Party 
to a breach of any law or regulation, in each case in respect of some only of the 
Digital Securities held by it, a notice given by the Issuer under this Condition shall 
relate only to those Digital Securities (and not any other Digital Securities held by 
that Security Holder). 
Redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 in respect of any Digital Security will be 
effected by Cash Settlement in accordance with Condition 8.8 (Payment of Cash on 
Compulsory Redemption) unless the Security Holder in respect of such Digital 
Security has no later than four Issuer Business Days prior to the Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date delivered to the Issuer a valid Redemption Notice 
specifying Physical Delivery and effected an Acceptable Delivery in respect of the 
Digital Securities to be Redeemed.  Where Redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 8.3 in respect of any Digital Security is to be effected by Physical Delivery, 
Condition 7.11 (Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) will apply. 
8.4. 
Transfer of Digital Securities subject to Compulsory Redemption for Cause 
(a) 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 8.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause) provides to the Issuer at least one 
Issuer Business Day prior to the Compulsory Redemption Settlement 
Date pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) 
proof required by the Issuer that its Digital Securities have been 
transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, then 
the Digital Securities referred to in that notice shall not be Redeemed 
under these Conditions. 
(b) 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 8.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause) does not provide to the Issuer at 
least one Issuer Business Day prior to the Compulsory Redemption 
Settlement Date pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Compulsory Redemption for 
Cause) proof required by the Issuer that its Digital Securities have been 
transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, then 
the Digital Securities referred to in that notice shall not be capable of 
being transferred by that Security Holder and the Issuer shall not be 
required to register any purported transfer of those Digital Securities. 
8.5. 
Compulsory Redemption for illegality or impossibility 
(a) 
The Issuer may determine that all Digital Securities, or all Digital 
Securities of any one or more class, are to be Redeemed compulsorily if 
it becomes illegal or impossible after taking all reasonable care for the 
Issuer to issue or deal with such Digital Securities or to hold or deal with

--- Page 104 ---
104 (169) 
Underlying Assets in respect thereof, in each case in accordance with 
these Conditions, as a result of any law, rule, regulation, judgment, order 
or decision of any governmental, legislative, administrative or judicial 
authority. In such event, the Issuer shall give notice by RIS to the Security 
Holders and the Trustee that such Digital Securities are to be Redeemed 
compulsorily and specifying an Issuer Business Day (falling not less than 
two Issuer Business Days from the giving of such notice) to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such Digital Securities. 
(b) 
Redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.5 in respect of any Digital 
Security will be effected by Cash Settlement in accordance with 
Condition 8.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption). 
(c) 
Settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations on Redemption 
pursuant to this Condition shall be effected on the Compulsory 
Redemption Date or such later date as soon thereafter as reasonably 
practicable and in any event by the fifteenth Business Day after the 
Compulsory Redemption Date, the Compulsory Redemption Date or 
such later date being the “Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date” 
for the purposes of this Condition 8.5. 
8.6. 
No requirement to give reasons 
The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, determination 
or declaration taken or made in accordance with this Condition 8 (Compulsory 
Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee). The exercise of the powers conferred by this 
Condition 8 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) shall not be 
questioned or invalidated in any case on the grounds that there was insufficient 
evidence of direct or beneficial ownership or holding of the Digital Securities, or any 
other grounds save that such powers shall have been exercised in good faith. 
8.7. 
Delivery of Digital Currency on Compulsory Redemption 
(a) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed compulsorily by 
Physical Delivery, the Issuer shall instruct the Custodian to transfer 
Digital Currency of each Underlying Type attributable to or forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect of such Digital Securities in an amount 
(rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level) equal to: 
(i) 
the Redemption Amount; less 
(ii) 
in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.3 
(Compulsory 
Redemption 
for 
Cause), 
the 
applicable 
Redemption Fee, 
calculated as at the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date, to the 
relevant Security Holder Account, to be delivered to such account on the 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date. 
(b) 
From the relevant Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date, all title to 
and risks in such Digital Currency shall pass to the holder of such Digital 
Securities. Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall be responsible or 
liable for (and no Event of Default shall occur by virtue of) any failure by 
the Custodian to effect a delivery of Digital Currency in accordance with 
the instructions of the Issuer. However, in the event of such failure, the

--- Page 105 ---
105 (169) 
Issuer shall to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the 
redeeming Security Holder of its claims in relation to such Digital 
Currency in satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of 
the Digital Securities to be redeemed and the Security Holder shall have 
no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being 
Redeemed shall be satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8.7 (Delivery of Digital 
Currency on Compulsory Redemption). 
8.8. 
Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption  
(a) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed compulsorily by 
Cash Settlement, the Issuer shall instruct the Coin Sales Agent to sell in 
accordance with the Coin Sales Agency Agreement for US Dollars the 
relevant Digital Currency (rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level) 
of each Underlying Type attributable to or forming part of the Secured 
Property in respect of such Digital Securities in an amount equal to the 
aggregate Redemption Amount of the Digital Securities subject to 
Redemption calculated as at the Compulsory Redemption Settlement 
Date or, if later, the date on which settlement of such sale was completed. 
For this purpose the Issuer shall give such instructions to any Custodian 
as may be required by the Coin Sales Agent to give effect to such sale. 
(b) 
The Issuer will transfer the aggregate Redemption Amount with respect 
to the Digital Securities in US Dollars on the Compulsory Redemption 
Settlement Date, or, if such date is not a New York Business Day, on the 
immediately following New York Business Day, to the relevant Security 
Holder in accordance with Condition 26.2. 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being 
Redeemed shall be satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8.8 (Payment of Cash 
on Compulsory Redemption). 
(d) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed by Cash 
Settlement, the Security Holder of the Digital Securities being Redeemed 
acknowledges and agrees (i) to accept the proceeds of sale actually 
realised from the sale of the Redemption Amount of the relevant Digital 
Currency (less the Trustee’s fees and expenses (if any)) in full settlement 
of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect of such Digital 
Securities; (ii) that none of the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Coin 
Sales Agent or the Trustee makes any representations or warranties as 
to the price at which Digital Currency may be sold or the amount of the 
proceeds of sale realised from the sale of Digital Currency; and (iii) none 
of the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Coin Sales Agent or the 
Trustee shall be liable for any failure by any purchaser of Digital Currency 
to effect or complete the purchase of such Digital Currency, to deliver the 
applicable net proceeds of sale or other amount due or otherwise comply 
with its obligations entered into pursuant to this Condition, but in the event 
of any such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable procure the 
assignment to the redeeming Security Holder of its claims in relation to 
such Digital Currency in satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder

--- Page 106 ---
106 (169) 
in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed and the Security 
Holder shall have no further claims against the Issuer, the Determination 
Agent, the Coin Sales Agent, the Trustee or the Secured Property. 
9. 
SETTLEMENT AND REDEMPTION OBLIGATIONS 
9.1. 
Where a Redemption Notice has been lodged for the Redemption of Digital 
Securities, the Security Holder which holds those Digital Securities which are the 
subject of that Redemption must, by 8.00 a.m. on the Settlement Date, effect an 
Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed. Once a 
valid Redemption Notice is lodged in respect of Digital Securities, the Digital 
Securities in respect of which it was given may not be transferred by the Security 
Holder (except to the Issuer), and the Issuer may refuse to recognise any 
subsequent transfer of any of those Digital Securities. 
9.2. 
Subject as provided in Condition 7.3(c), failure by a Security Holder to effect an 
Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed shall not 
invalidate the Redemption of those Digital Securities. Where settlement of a 
Redemption of Digital Securities is delayed due to the failure of the Security Holder 
to effect an Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed, 
the Security Holder shall not be entitled to receive any interest in respect of late 
delivery of the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) or other 
amounts due.  If the Security Holder fails to effect an Acceptable Delivery in respect 
of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed, the Issuer shall be entitled (i) to sell in 
exchange for US Dollars the Coin Entitlement in Digital Currency of each Underlying 
Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may 
be) (rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level) (or other amount due) in respect 
of such Digital Securities and deliver to the Trustee (to be held on trust for the 
Security Holder in accordance with the Trust Instrument) the net proceeds of sale 
in respect thereof (less the Redemption Fee and any applicable Redemption 
Deductions) and (ii) following such delivery to cancel the entry in the Register in 
respect of those Digital Securities. 
9.3. 
Where Digital Securities are Redeemed in accordance with Condition 7 
(Redemption of Digital Securities) or Condition 8.3 (Compulsory Redemption for 
Cause) the Issuer shall be entitled, upon delivery of the Coin Entitlement in Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) (rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level) or 
payment of any other amount due (in each case less the Redemption Fee, if 
applicable and any other Redemption Deductions) into the applicable Security 
Holder Account or other payment in accordance with Condition 26 (Payment 
Provisions), to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those Digital Securities 
being Redeemed. 
9.4. 
Digital Securities Redeemed pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Termination) and Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption for illegality or 
impossibility) shall be deemed to have been Redeemed as from the Compulsory 
Redemption Date in respect of such Digital Securities and the Issuer shall be 
entitled, upon delivery of the Coin Entitlement in Digital Currency of each Underlying 
Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may 
be) calculated as at the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date (rounded down 
to the Delivery Precision Level) or payment of any other amount due (in each case 
less the Redemption Fee, if applicable and any other Redemption Deductions) into 
the applicable Security Holder Account or other payment in accordance with

--- Page 107 ---
107 (169) 
Condition 26 (Payment Provisions), to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of 
those Digital Securities being Redeemed from that date. 
9.5. 
Digital Securities Redeemed pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Issuer Insolvency Event) shall be deemed to have been Redeemed as from the 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date in respect of such Digital Securities and 
the Issuer or the Trustee shall be entitled, upon delivery of the Coin Entitlement in 
Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or 
Index Entitlement (as the case may be) calculated as at the Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date (rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level) or 
payment of any other amount due (in each case less the Redemption Fee, if 
applicable and any other Redemption Deductions) into the applicable Security 
Holder Account or other payment in accordance with Condition 26 (Payment 
Provisions), to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those Digital Securities 
being Redeemed from that date. 
9.6. 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Security Holder that the Issuer, the Registrar 
or the Trustee or any of their respective agents may have to withhold or deduct from 
any delivery or payment that corresponds to the Redemption Notice an amount for 
or on account of, any costs and expenses relating to the Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) and any delivery thereof, any present or future 
taxes, duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or 
any political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, as 
required by law (as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue 
authority) then in effect and such notice shall specify any form or document to be 
delivered by beneficial owners of Digital Securities that may allow the Issuer, 
Registrar or Trustee (as the case may be) to make such delivery or payment without 
any such withholding or deduction or with such withholding or deduction at a 
reduced rate. If such forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer by the 
relevant Security Holder or if it is not the beneficial owner of Digital Securities held 
by such Security Holder and which are to be redeemed, such beneficial owner, then 
any such delivery or payment will be reduced (and the matching obligation of the 
Issuer to deliver or to procure the delivery of the Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) or other amount due to that Security Holder will 
also be reduced) by the amount of the withholding or deduction.  
10. 
REDEMPTION FEE  
10.1. 
Subject as provided below, it is a condition to the performance by the Issuer of the 
obligation to redeem Digital Securities that the Issuer may deduct the Redemption 
Fee from the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) or other 
amount due to the Security Holder on Redemption and that if it does not the Security 
Holder of such Digital Securities shall pay to the Issuer the Redemption Fee in 
respect of such Redemption in accordance with this Condition 10. The Issuer may 
offset the amount of the Redemption Fee payable hereunder against the Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) or other amount due to the 
Security Holder on Redemption. 
10.2. 
On a Redemption of Digital Securities at the request of an Authorised Participant, 
the Redemption Fee shall be the amount agreed in the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement to be payable, or such other amount as may be agreed by 
the Issuer and that Authorised Participant at the time of the Redemption, regardless 
of the number of Digital Securities being redeemed.

--- Page 108 ---
108 (169) 
10.3. 
On a Redemption of Digital Securities at the request of a Security Holder who is not 
an Authorised Participant, in accordance with Condition 7.3 (Redemption by Other 
Security Holders), the Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the 
Issuer of satisfying such Redemption request, which shall be notified to the Security 
Holder at the time of the Redemption being not greater than US$500 or such other 
amount as may be notified through a RIS. 
10.4. 
On a Compulsory Redemption of Digital Securities pursuant to Condition 8.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause), the Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal 
to the cost to the Issuer incurred in relation to the Redemption, including the costs 
of enquiries under Condition 11 (Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) and the 
cost of giving such notice, being not greater than US$500 or such other amount as 
may be notified through a RIS. The Issuer shall notify Security Holders whose Digital 
Securities are subject to Compulsory Redemption of the amount of those costs, and 
their allocation to particular Security Holders, at the time of the Redemption. 
11. 
ENQUIRIES AS TO STATUS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
11.1. 
The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice 
to a Security Holder requiring that Security Holder: 
(a) 
to certify, no later than the date (the “Investor Notice Expiry Date”) 
falling fifteen Business Days following the date on which the Issuer sends 
or transmits such requirement to that Security Holder whether that 
Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (and if that Security 
Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, to notify the Issuer of the 
number and class of Digital Securities in respect of which it is a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor); 
(b) 
if that Security Holder asserts that it is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor in respect of all Digital 
Securities held by it), to provide to the Issuer by the Investor Notice Expiry 
Date a certificate in the form and executed in the manner determined by 
the Issuer that the Security Holder is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor in respect of certain 
Digital Securities held by it, specifying the number and class of Digital 
Securities in respect of which it is, and is not, a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor); and 
(c) 
to certify and provide to the Issuer by the Investor Notice Expiry Date 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, acting reasonably, that the Security 
Holder is not in breach of any law or regulation or would risk exposing 
any Programme Party to a breach of any law or regulation. 
11.2. 
The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this 
Condition 11, to assume that none of the Digital Securities are held by Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investors. 
12. 
ENFORCEMENT; EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
12.1. 
In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Security 
Deed with respect to the Secured Property, the Trustee may at any time: 
(a) 
after the occurrence of a Delivery Default, at its discretion, and shall, if so 
directed in writing by the Security Holder holding the Digital Security to

--- Page 109 ---
109 (169) 
which such Delivery Default relates, the Trustee having first been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, take 
such proceedings and/or other action or steps as it may think fit against 
or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any such obligation of the Issuer 
under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the Security 
Deed in respect of the Digital Securities to which such Delivery Default 
relates. 
(b) 
if an Issuer Insolvency Event or an Agency Agreement Default has 
occurred and is continuing, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in 
writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal 
Amount of the affected Digital Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders holding affected 
Digital Securities (as a single resolution of the holders of all affected 
Digital Securities as though such affected Digital Securities constituted a 
single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other 
action or steps as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to 
enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the 
security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all affected and 
outstanding Digital Securities and for this purpose (and for the purposes 
of Condition 12.4) “affected Digital Securities” means, in the context of 
an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them, and, in the context of an Agency 
Agreement Default, those Digital Securities that are attributable to the 
Pool or Pools to which the relevant Agency Agreement relates. 
12.2. 
If the Trustee considers that the Issuer is in breach of any of its obligations (other 
than payment or delivery obligations or any breach consisting of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event) in the Trust Instrument and has not remedied the same within 30 
calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such 
default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee under Condition 12.9(b), 
the Trustee shall, if requested to do so by the Issuer (such request a “Breach 
Redemption Request”), and at the expense of the Issuer, give notice to all Security 
Holders of that fact. Prior to giving any such notice, the Trustee shall provide a copy 
of the proposed notice to the Issuer (provided the Trustee does not consider it 
detrimental to the interests of Security Holders to give a copy of any such proposed 
notice to the Issuer) and shall include with the notice any statement of not more than 
1,000 words prepared by the Issuer and provided to the Trustee for the purpose 
within 7 days of receipt of the copy of the proposed notice referred to herein. In any 
such notice the Trustee shall designate a period (the “Breach Redemption Period”) 
commencing on any Issuer Business Day until the date one month from such Issuer 
Business Day (inclusive) during which each Security Holder will be entitled to 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Digital Securities held by it in the same manner 
as though there were no Authorised Participants under Condition 7.3. After the 
expiry of the Breach Redemption Period, the relevant breach shall be deemed 
waived without any action of the Trustee, but without prejudice to the right of the 
Trustee to take action in the event of any subsequent such breach. 
12.3. 
If at any time during the Breach Redemption Period the right to Redeem Digital 
Securities of any class pursuant to Conditions 7.2, 7.3 (if applicable) and 7.4 is 
suspended pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Suspension of Redemptions), then the right 
to Redeem Digital Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 12.2 shall be 
suspended in like manner and the provisions of Condition 7.13(d) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis.  Upon the suspension ceasing under Condition 7.13 (Suspension of

--- Page 110 ---
110 (169) 
Redemptions), the right to Redeem Digital Securities of that class pursuant to 
Condition 12.2 shall resume and the Breach Redemption Period in respect of that 
class shall continue until the date one month from the date on which the suspension 
so ceased. 
12.4. 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event or an Agency Agreement Default is occurring at the 
same time as a Delivery Default, a Security Holder holding affected Digital Securities 
to which such Delivery Default relates will not be entitled to require the Trustee to 
take action in accordance with Condition 12.1 until the expiry of 30 calendar days 
from the occurrence of the Issuer Insolvency Event and/or Agency Agreement 
Default, nor shall they be so entitled if, during such period of 30 calendar days, the 
Trustee has elected, or been required, to take action in accordance with 
Condition 12.1(b). 
12.5. 
Subject to Condition 12.8, only the Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Trust 
Instrument or the Security Deed or take any other actions, steps or proceedings to 
enforce the rights of Security Holders however such rights may arise. Where the 
Trustee has elected or been directed to enforce the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed, the right of 
Security Holders to lodge a Redemption Notice shall cease. Valid Redemption 
Notices lodged before the date the Trustee announces its intention to enforce the 
security will be Redeemed in the normal manner. 
12.6. 
If the Trustee takes any action pursuant to Condition 12.1 with respect to any Digital 
Securities to which a Delivery Default relates, it shall give notice to the Issuer that 
such Digital Securities in respect of which such action is taken are, and they shall 
become, due and payable. 
12.7. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security 
constituted by the Security Deed which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any 
applicable law or regulation or (ii) cause it to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise incur any liability (including any personal liability) in the performance of 
its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and discretions. 
12.8. 
No Security Holder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so to do so 
within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing, in which case any such 
Security Holder will have only such rights against the Issuer as those which the 
Trustee is entitled to exercise against or in relation to the Issuer. 
12.9. 
Events of Default 
In these Conditions, the expression “Event of Default” in respect of a class of Digital 
Securities means:  
(a) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum or delivery of any Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) due in respect of 
any Digital Security of that class for a period of 14 calendar days or more; 
(b) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations (other than a payment or delivery obligation) under that class 
of Digital Securities, the Trust Instrument, any other Programme 
Document or the Security Deed, which default is incapable of remedy or, 
if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not remedied within 
30 calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after

--- Page 111 ---
111 (169) 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee 
(and, for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation 
shall be deemed to be remediable notwithstanding that the failure results 
from not doing an act or thing by a particular time), provided that if the 
Issuer has in respect of such default made a Breach Redemption 
Request under Condition 12.2 then such default shall not be an Event of 
Default; 
(c) 
if the Determination Agent in respect of that class of Digital Securities 
resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason and, at the time 
such 
termination 
takes 
effect, 
no 
successor 
or 
replacement 
Determination Agent has been appointed with respect to such class of 
Digital Securities; or 
(d) 
if any Custody Agreement in respect of that class of Digital Securities is 
terminated and immediately upon such termination taking effect there is 
no Custodian that has been appointed with respect to such class of Digital 
Securities. 
13. 
APPLICATION OF MONEYS 
All moneys received by the Trustee pursuant to the realisation of Secured Property 
in respect of a particular class of Digital Security shall be held by the Trustee upon 
trust, to apply them: 
(a) 
FIRST in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due to the Trustee 
and unpaid (including to its attorneys, managers, agents, delegates or 
other person appointed by the Trustee and including payments under any 
indemnity) under the terms of the Trust Instrument, and to payment of 
any remuneration and expenses of any receiver and the costs of 
realisation of the security constituted by the Security Deed, and if the 
security constituted by the Security Deed is realised in respect of more 
than one class of Digital Securities simultaneously, any such fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities that are not attributable to a particular 
class shall be applied across all such classes pari passu and pro rata; 
(b) 
SECONDLY in or towards payment or performance pari passu and 
rateably of all amounts then due and unpaid and all obligations due to be 
performed and unperformed in respect of Digital Securities of that class; 
and 
(c) 
THIRDLY in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without 
prejudice to, or liability in respect of, any question as to how such 
payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with as between the Issuer and any 
other person). 
14. 
RESTRICTIONS 
14.1. 
So long as any Digital Securities of a particular class are outstanding, the Issuer 
covenants in the Trust Instrument, inter alia:  
(a) 
save as permitted by Condition 15 (Further Securities; Other Pools; Fork 
Events; Consolidation and Division), not to undertake any business save 
for the issue and redemption of Digital Securities, the acquisition and 
disposal of Underlying Assets, entering into the necessary Programme

--- Page 112 ---
112 (169) 
Documents (which for this purpose includes documents appointing 
officers, administrators, registrars and advisers) and performing its 
obligations and exercising its rights thereunder; 
(b) 
not to incur or permit to subsist in respect of any Pool any indebtedness 
for borrowed money other than Digital Securities or Further Securities; 
and not in respect of any Pool to give any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of indebtedness of any person, save in each case with the prior 
written consent of the Trustee and save for any indemnities given under 
the Programme Documents; 
(c) 
other than as permitted under the Security Deed or with the prior written 
consent of the Trustee, not to dispose of any of the Secured Property or 
any interest therein, or to create any mortgage, pledge, charge, lien, or 
other form of encumbrance or security interest or right of recourse in 
respect thereof in favour of any person; 
(d) 
not to issue any Digital Securities of any class unless it has received 
Digital Currency of the Underlying Type in an aggregate amount equal to 
the Coin Entitlement in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type 
comprised in the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case 
may be) of such Digital Securities calculated as at the Settlement Date; 
(e) 
not to maintain an office or other fixed place of business, nor to establish 
any permanent establishment, nor be or become tax resident, in the 
United Kingdom; 
(f) 
to undertake any business so as to seek to minimise the impact of 
taxation; and 
(g) 
to procure that the Pools are at all times maintained in a manner so that 
they are readily distinguishable from each other. 
14.2. 
So long as any Digital Securities of a particular class are outstanding, the Issuer 
further covenants in the Trust Instrument, inter alia, save in the ordinary course of 
business not to incur or permit to subsist any indebtedness for borrowed money 
other than Digital Securities or Further Securities; and not to give any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of indebtedness of any person, save in each case with the prior 
written consent of the Trustee and save for any indemnities given under the 
Programme Documents. 
14.3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 14.1, the Issuer may issue Digital Securities without 
having received Digital Currency of each Underlying Type in an aggregate amount 
equal to the Coin Entitlement in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised 
in the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of such Digital 
Securities calculated as at the Settlement Date provided that such Digital Securities 
are issued to or for the account of an Affiliate of the Issuer and held as Treasury 
Securities in accordance with the provisions of Condition 16.1 (Treasury Securities). 
14.4. 
Nothing in this Condition 14 shall prevent the Issuer from creating and issuing 
undated limited recourse debt obligations constituted by a trust instrument or trust 
deed other than the Trust Instrument. 
14.5. 
Nothing in this Condition 14 shall prevent the Issuer from entering into Staking 
Transactions in accordance with Condition 5.5 or from borrowing Digital Currency

--- Page 113 ---
113 (169) 
pursuant to the terms of the Staking Agency Agreement as referred to in 
Condition 5.5. 
15. 
FURTHER SECURITIES; OTHER POOLS; FORK EVENTS; CONSOLIDATION 
AND DIVISION 
15.1. 
Further Tranches 
The Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any Security 
Holder), in accordance with the Trust Instrument and the Conditions, create and 
issue further Tranches of Digital Securities so that such further issue shall be 
consolidated and form a single class with the outstanding Digital Securities of any 
class at the time of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to such Digital 
Securities. 
Any new securities forming a single class with the Digital Securities of any class and 
which are expressed to be constituted by the Trust Instrument and secured by the 
Security Deed will, upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, be constituted by the Trust 
Instrument and secured by the Security Deed without any further formality and 
irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any covenant 
or other restriction in the Trust Instrument and references in these Conditions to 
"Secured Property" and "Digital Securities" shall be construed accordingly. 
15.2. 
Further classes 
The Issuer may (without the consent of the Security Holders) create and issue 
additional classes of undated limited recourse secured debt securities constituted 
by the Trust Instrument or an instrument or deed supplemental to the Trust 
Instrument and may establish additional pools of assets for the purposes of such 
additional classes of securities and the Trustee shall join in such instrument or deed 
(provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to so join if doing so would, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Trustee, impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to further liabilities or reduce the rights, powers or protections of the 
Trustee in its personal capacity) and thereupon such pool shall be a “Pool” for the 
purposes of the Trust Instrument and such securities shall be “Digital Securities” 
for such purposes. 
Any such additional classes of Digital Securities shall have recourse only to the Pool 
attributable to the relevant class and not to any other Pool. Other such securities 
created by the Issuer under this Condition 15.2 may be created and issued subject 
to different terms and conditions in lieu of the provisions of the Trust Instrument 
(including but not limited to different pricing mechanisms), to be determined by the 
Issuer. 
If other securities created by the Issuer under this Condition 15.2 are subject to 
different terms and conditions in lieu of the provisions of the Trust Instrument the 
Issuer shall publish those new conditions in its RIS announcement or in a 
prospectus or listing particulars or supplementary prospectus or supplementary 
listing particulars and on the Issuer’s Website. 
15.3. 
Restrictions on creation of new classes 
The Issuer shall not accept Applications for, or issue, Digital Securities of a new 
class under Condition 15.2 unless it has first executed and delivered to the Trustee 
an instrument amending the Security Deed assigning by way of security, for the

--- Page 114 ---
114 (169) 
benefit of the Trustee and the relevant Security Holders of the relevant class, the 
contractual rights of the Issuer under the Custody Agreement and creating a first-
ranking floating charge, for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant Security 
Holders, over all of the Issuer's rights in relation to the Secured Property attributable 
to the applicable Pool, including but not limited to its rights under the Custody 
Agreement (in each case to the extent that it relates to such class) for the benefit of 
the Trustee and the relevant Security Holders. 
15.4. 
Fork Events 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s rights to effect changes to the Conditions and 
Programme Documents without the consent of the Security Holders or Trustee 
pursuant to Condition 24.2(c), in the event of a Fork Event affecting the Underlying 
Assets applicable to any class of Digital Security (the “Original Class”), the 
discretions available to the Issuer will include any one or more of: 
(a) 
to adjust the rights of the Digital Securities of the Original Class so that 
some or all of the Digital Currency (the “Additional Asset”) arising as a 
result of the Fork Event shall be held by or for the Issuer in respect of the 
Digital Securities of the Original Class and the type of Digital Currency 
represented by the Additional Asset shall constitute an additional 
Underlying Type in respect of the Digital Securities of the Original Class; 
(aa) 
(either at the time of the Fork Event or, having adjusted the rights of the 
Digital Securities of the Original Class as referred to in paragraph (a), at 
any time thereafter) to sell some or all of the Additional Asset and apply 
the net proceeds of sale in acquiring additional Digital Currency of the 
type represented by Digital Securities of the Original Class and to adjust 
the Coin Entitlement of the Digital Securities of the Original Class 
accordingly in accordance with Condition 15.4A; 
(b) 
to create a new class of Individual Securities (“New Securities”) in 
respect of which the Additional Asset shall be the Underlying Assets and 
the type of Digital Currency represented by the Additional Asset shall 
constitute an additional Underlying Type, and to issue to the Security 
Holders in respect of the Original Class a number of New Securities pro 
rata to their holdings of Digital Securities of the Original Class;  
(c) 
to distribute some or all of the Additional Asset to the Security Holders in 
respect of the Original Class pro rata to their holdings of Digital Securities 
of the Original Class; 
(d) 
(either at the time of the Fork Event or, having adjusted the rights of the 
Digital Securities of the Original Class as referred to in paragraph (a), at 
any time thereafter) to sell some or all of the Additional Asset and 
distribute the net proceeds of sale to the Security Holders in respect of 
the Original Class pro rata to their holdings of Digital Securities of the 
Original Class; or 
(e) 
to surrender, discard or dispose of some or all of the Additional Asset for 
its own benefit and make no adjustment to the rights of the Digital 
Securities of the Original Class or, if an adjustment has previously been 
made as referred to in paragraph (a), to make a further adjustment so 
that the type of Digital Currency represented by the Additional Asset shall

--- Page 115 ---
115 (169) 
cease to constitute an Underlying Type in respect of the Digital Securities 
of the Original Class. 
15.4A 
Fork Events – Supplementary Provisions – Asset Disposal and Asset 
Acquisition 
Where in relation to a Fork Event the Issuer determines to sell the Additional Asset 
(an “Asset Disposal”) and apply the net proceeds of sale in acquiring additional 
Digital Currency of the type represented by Digital Securities of the Original Class 
as provided for in Condition 15.4(aa), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after making such 
determination, notify holders of Digital Securities of the Original Class 
through a RIS of its intention to sell the Additional Asset and apply the 
net proceeds of sale in acquiring additional Digital Currency of the type 
represented by Digital Securities of the Original Class. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable prior to the 
commencement of the Asset Disposal, notify holders of Digital Securities 
of the Original Class through a RIS of the date (the “Asset Disposal 
Commencement Date”) on which the Asset Disposal is expected to 
commence and the date by which it is expected to conclude; 
(c) 
The Issuer shall then instruct the Determination Agent to use reasonable 
endeavours from the Asset Disposal Commencement Date to carry out 
such trading activities as are necessary to sell the Additional Asset and 
to apply the net proceeds of sale after expenses (including the fees and 
expenses of the Determination Agent) in acquiring (an “Asset 
Acquisition”) additional Digital Currency of the type represented by 
Digital Securities of the Original Class; 
(d) 
An Asset Disposal and Asset Acquisition may be effected on a single day 
or on up to five consecutive Business Days.  The Determination Agent 
shall calculate the Coin Entitlement in respect of each type of Digital 
Currency applicable to the Digital Securities of the Original Class for each 
such effective date or dates. If, for whatever reason, the Determination 
Agent is unable (in good faith) to calculate the Coin Entitlement for each 
such effective date or dates, such as in circumstances where the trading 
activities referenced in paragraph (c) above have not completed or 
settled in full, then the calculation of the Coin Entitlement may be 
postponed until it is able to be calculated by the Determination Agent. 
(e) 
Following each determination by the Determination Agent of the Coin 
Entitlement for each such effective date or dates, the Issuer shall notify 
holders of Digital Securities of the Original Class through a RIS thereof. 
(f) 
An Asset Disposal and Asset Acquisition shall not create, issue, redeem 
or cancel any Digital Securities and no payment shall be made to a 
Security Holder in respect of any Asset Disposal or Asset Acquisition. 
15.4B 
Fork Events – Supplementary Provisions – Cash Distribution 
Where in relation to a Fork Event the Issuer determines to sell the Additional Asset 
and distribute the net proceeds of sale to the Security Holders in respect of the

--- Page 116 ---
116 (169) 
Original Class as provided for in Condition 15.4(d), the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after making such 
determination, notify holders of Digital Securities of the Original Class 
through a RIS of its intention to sell the Additional Asset and distribute 
the net proceeds of sale (“Cash Distribution”) to the Security Holders in 
respect of the Original Class. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable prior to the 
commencement of the Cash Distribution, notify holders of Digital 
Securities of the Original Class through a RIS of the date (the “Cash 
Distribution Commencement Date”) on which the Cash Distribution is 
expected to commence, the date by which it is expected to conclude, the 
record date for the distribution of the net proceeds of sale and how (and 
with effect from what date(s)) the Coin Entitlement of the Digital Securities 
of the Original Class will be adjusted in consequence of the Cash 
Distribution. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall then instruct the Determination Agent to use reasonable 
endeavours from the Cash Distribution Commencement Date to carry out 
such trading activities as are necessary to sell the Additional Asset. 
(d) 
Following completion of such trading activities as are referred to in 
paragraph (c), the Issuer shall procure the distribution of such net 
proceeds of sale to the Security Holders in respect of the Original Class 
on the Register on the record date referred to in paragraph (b) pro rata to 
their holdings of Digital Securities of the Original Class on the Register 
on such record date in accordance with Condition 26, provided that in 
respect of any Security Holder to whom in aggregate less than US$5.00 
would be payable, the Issuer may retain the amount otherwise payable 
for its own benefit. 
15.5. 
Consolidation and Division 
The Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Digital Securities of any class into 
Digital Securities of the same class but with a proportionately larger or smaller Coin 
Entitlement in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) and Principal Amount. Such 
consolidation or division shall be effected by deed or instrument supplemental to the 
Trust Instrument. 
Whenever as a result of consolidation of Digital Securities a Security Holder would 
become entitled to a fraction of a Digital Security the Issuer will Redeem such 
fraction of a Digital Security. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 8 
(Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) shall apply in respect of the 
aggregate fractions of Digital Securities to be redeemed mutatis mutandis as though 
the Redemption were pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Termination) and the date on which the consolidation becomes effective the 
Compulsory Redemption Date, provided that amounts less than US$5.00 otherwise 
payable to any particular Security Holder may be retained for the benefit of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 117 ---
117 (169) 
16. 
TREASURY SECURITIES AND ISSUER’S ABILITY TO PURCHASE DIGITAL 
SECURITIES 
16.1. 
Treasury Securities 
Digital Securities of any class held by or for the account of the Issuer or any Affiliate 
may become Treasury Securities.  The following provisions shall apply to Treasury 
Securities: 
(a) 
the Issuer or Affiliate’s interest in such Treasury Securities shall be held 
on trust for the Issuer and such interest assigned by way of security to 
the Trustee for the benefit of the Security Holders in respect of that class 
of Digital Securities as part of the Secured Property in relation to such 
class; 
(b) 
the rights of the Issuer in respect of the Digital Currency relating to such 
Treasury Securities may be released from the security constituted by the 
Security Deed in respect of the Digital Securities of that class; 
(c) 
neither the Issuer nor any Affiliate may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose 
of such Treasury Securities unless and until the Issuer has received (to 
be held as part of the Secured Property) Digital Currency of each 
Underlying Type in an aggregate amount equal to the Coin Entitlement in 
Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of such Digital 
Securities calculated as at the date of such receipt; and 
(d) 
for so long as Digital Securities are held as Treasury Securities, no 
Management Fee shall accrue in respect of them; and 
(e) 
unless and until the Issuer has received (to be held as part of the Secured 
Property) Digital Currency of each Underlying Type in an aggregate 
amount equal to the Coin Entitlement in Digital Currency of each 
Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) of any Treasury Securities on the date 
of such receipt, the Issuer shall have no Redemption Obligations in 
respect of such Treasury Securities. 
16.2. 
Issuer’s ability to purchase Digital Securities 
There is no restriction on the ability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase 
or repurchase Digital Securities. 
17. 
LISTING 
The Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument to use its best endeavours to obtain 
and, so long as any of the Digital Securities remain outstanding, maintain a Listing 
for the Digital Securities or, if it is unable to do so having used such best endeavours 
or if the Issuer certifies to the Trustee that in its opinion the maintenance of such 
Listing is unduly onerous, use its best endeavours to obtain and maintain the 
quotation or listing of the Digital Securities on such other stock exchange as it may 
(with the prior written approval of the Trustee) decide.

--- Page 118 ---
118 (169) 
18. 
WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION; SUBSTITUTION OF 
OBLIGOR; REGARD TO INTERESTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AS A WHOLE; 
MEETINGS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
18.1. 
Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, 
but only if and in so far as, in its opinion, the interests of the Security Holders shall 
not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any breach or proposed 
breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust 
Instrument or the Security Deed, or determine that any Event of Default or Issuer 
Insolvency Event shall not be treated as such provided that the Trustee shall not 
exercise any powers conferred on it by this Condition: 
(a)  with respect to a Delivery Default in respect of a Digital Security, in 
contravention of any express direction given by the Security Holder holding 
such Digital Security or 
(b)  with respect to (i) an Issuer Insolvency Event or (ii) any Event of Default other 
than a Delivery Default or (iii) any other breach or proposed breach by the 
Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Instrument, 
in contravention of any express direction given by Security Holders holding not 
less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Digital Securities (as a whole) 
then outstanding or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a 
single resolution of the holders of all Digital Securities then outstanding as 
though all such Digital Securities constituted a single class), but so that no such 
direction shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously given 
or made. 
Any such waiver, authorisation or determination may be given or made on such 
terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Trustee may determine, shall be 
binding on the Security Holders and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, shall be 
notified by the Issuer to the Security Holders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
18.2. 
Substitution of Obligor 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Security Holders, agree to the 
substitution, in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the principal 
debtor under the Trust Instrument, the other Programme Documents to which it is a 
party and the Digital Securities of each class, of any other company (incorporated 
in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the “Substituted Obligor”) 
if the following conditions are satisfied: 
(a) 
an instrument or deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted 
Obligor to the Trustee, in form and manner satisfactory to the Trustee, 
agreeing to be bound by the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed and the 
Digital Securities of each class (with such consequential amendments as 
the Trustee may deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been 
named in the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed and the Digital 
Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in 
relation to the Secured Property, acknowledges the Security created in 
respect thereof pursuant to the Security Deed and takes all such action 
as the Trustee may require so that the Security and the Secured Property

--- Page 119 ---
119 (169) 
constitutes a valid mortgage, charge, assignment, pledge, lien or other 
security interest as was originally created by the Issuer for the obligations 
of the Substituted Obligor; 
(c) 
a director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent 
immediately after such substitution (the Trustee need not have regard to 
the Substituted Obligor’s financial condition, profits or prospects or 
compare them with those of the Issuer); 
(d) 
the Trustee is satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that 
(i) all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents 
necessary for or in connection with the assumption by the Substituted 
Obligor of liability as principal debtor in respect of, and of its obligations 
under, the Digital Securities of each class and any Programme Document 
have been obtained and (ii) such approvals and consents are at the time 
of substitution in full force and effect; 
(e) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall 
procure that any Programme Party will execute such other deeds, 
documents and instruments (if any) as the Trustee may require in order 
that such substitution is fully effective; 
(f) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other 
requirements as the Trustee may direct in the interests of the Security 
Holders; and 
(g) 
legal opinions satisfactory to the Trustee are provided concerning any 
proposed substitution. 
In connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without 
the consent of the holders of the Digital Securities, agree to a change of the law 
from time to time governing such Digital Securities and/or the Trust Instrument 
and/or the Security Deed, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, would not be materially prejudicial to the interests of such Security Holders 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 18.2 and the Trust 
Instrument will, if so expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from 
any or all of its obligations under the Trust Instrument, the Digital Securities and the 
other relevant Programme Documents. The Substituted Obligor shall give notice of 
the substitution to the Security Holders within 14 calendar days of the execution of 
such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 18.2 and the Trust 
Instrument, the Substituted Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these 
Conditions, the Trust Instrument and the other Programme Documents and the 
Digital Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute) and these Conditions, the Trust Instrument, the other Programme 
Documents and the Digital Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary 
to give effect to the substitution. 
18.3. 
Regard to interests of Security Holders as a whole 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Instrument, in connection with the exercise 
of its functions under the relevant Programme Documents, the Trustee will have 
regard to the interests of the Security Holders as a whole and will not have regard

--- Page 120 ---
120 (169) 
to the consequences of such exercise for individual Security Holders of any 
individual class and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any Security 
Holders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any Tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Security 
Holders of any individual class.  This Condition 18.3 is without prejudice to the right 
of Trustee to have regard, in respect of a Delivery Default, to the interests of the 
Security Holder holding the Digital Security to which such Delivery Default relates. 
18.4. 
Meetings of Security Holders 
(a) 
The Trust Instrument contains provisions relating to the convening of 
meetings by the Issuer or the Trustee and provides that, except in the 
case of an adjourned meeting, at least fourteen calendar days’ notice 
(exclusive of the day on which the notice is served or deemed to be 
served and of the day for which the notice is given) of every meeting, 
including any meeting which is being convened for the purpose of passing 
an Extraordinary Resolution, shall be given to the Security Holders of the 
relevant class or classes. 
(b) 
Any notice of meeting shall be given to the Security Holders by post in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument, save that in 
relation to any Digital Securities which are held in Uncertificated Form, 
such notices may be given by means of an electronic communication in 
the form of an Uncertificated Notice of Meeting in accordance with 
Condition 25.1. 
(c) 
In the case of a meeting adjourned through want of a quorum, other than 
one convened at the requisition of Security Holders, at least seven 
calendar days’ notice (exclusive as aforesaid) should be given in the 
same manner as for an original meeting, unless the day, time and place 
for the adjourned meeting is specified in the notice convening the original 
meeting, in which case no separate notice of the adjourned meeting need 
be given. 
(d) 
Security Holders in respect of any class or classes of Digital Securities 
have power by Extraordinary Resolution, inter alia, to sanction the 
release of the Issuer from the payment of moneys payable pursuant to 
the Trust Instrument, to sanction any modification, abrogation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, their rights against the 
Issuer, to assent to any modification or abrogation of the covenants or 
provisions contained in the Trust Instrument proposed or agreed to by the 
Issuer and also to sanction other matters as provided therein. 
(e) 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
will be one or more persons being Security Holders present in person or 
by proxy or (in the case a Security Holder which is a corporation) by its 
duly authorised representative and holding or representing in the 
aggregate 50 per cent. in Principal Amount of the Digital Securities, or 
the Digital Securities of the relevant class or classes, for the time being 
outstanding or, at any adjourned such meeting, one or more persons 
being Security Holders present in person or by proxy or (in the case a 
Security Holder which is a corporation) by its duly authorised 
representative, whatever the number or amount of the Digital Securities 
of such class so held or represented, and an Extraordinary Resolution

--- Page 121 ---
121 (169) 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Security 
Holders of such class, whether present or not. 
(f) 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in Principal Amount of the Digital Securities of each 
class for the time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Security 
Holders of such class. 
19. 
EXERCISE OF DISCRETIONS 
The Trustee may exercise its discretions under the Trust Instrument separately in 
respect of each class of Digital Securities, and any Further Securities in issue from 
time to time, and shall incur no liability for so doing. 
20. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the Digital 
Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from 
the date on which the payment in respect of the Digital Securities first became due 
or (if any amount of the money or other amount payable was improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding was made or 
(if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Security 
Holders that, upon delivery of the Digital Securities being made in accordance with 
the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such delivery. 
21. 
REMOVAL, RETIREMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE 
21.1. 
The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason upon giving not 
less than three months’ prior written notice to the Issuer and without being 
responsible for any Liabilities incurred by reason of such retirement. The Security 
Holders may by Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class) 
appoint or remove any trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust Instrument. 
21.2. 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the Trustee gives notice of its retirement or being 
removed by Extraordinary Resolution. The retirement or removal of any Trustee 
shall not become effective until a successor trustee is appointed. 
21.3. 
If the Trustee gives notice of retirement and the Issuer fails to appoint a new trustee, 
or is unable to appoint a new trustee, in each case before the expiry of the months’ 
notice period, the Trustee shall have the power to appoint a new trustee at the 
expense of the Issuer. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
22.1. 
The Conditions, the Digital Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the 
laws of Jersey. 
22.2. 
The Security Deed is governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the 
submission by the Issuer to the jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the 
Security Deed, nothing prevents the Trustee from commencing proceedings in any 
other competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 122 ---
122 (169) 
23. 
TRUSTEE’S LIABILITY 
Save in the case of its own fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee 
shall have no liability under the Trust Instrument for a breach of trust or otherwise. 
24. 
AMENDMENTS TO DOCUMENTS 
24.1. 
Pursuant to the Trust Instrument, the Issuer covenants that, save as described in 
Condition 24.2 or otherwise pursuant to the Conditions, it will not amend, vary, 
modify or supplement any of the Trustee Consent Documents without the prior 
written consent of the Trustee. 
24.2. 
The Issuer may, by supplemental agreement or supplemental instrument or deed 
(as applicable) and, in respect of paragraphs (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (j) and (j) below, 
without the consent of the Trustee, amend these Conditions, the Trust Instrument, 
the Security Deed or any other Trustee Consent Document and the Trustee agrees 
in the Trust Instrument to join in a supplemental agreement or supplemental 
instrument or deed as applicable accordingly (provided that the Trustee shall not 
be obliged to so join if doing so would, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce 
the rights, powers or protections of the Trustee in its personal capacity), if one or 
more of the following applies: 
(a) 
in the opinion of the Issuer the amendment is necessary or desirable and 
the Issuer and Trustee are of the opinion that such amendment is not 
materially prejudicial to the rights of Security Holders; 
(b) 
in the opinion of the Issuer and the Trustee the amendment is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
rectify any inconsistency, technical defect or ambiguity in the terms of the 
Trust Instrument or such Conditions, Security Deed or other Trustee 
Consent Document; 
(c) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the 
Trustee may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the 
position and without liability to any person) that the sole purpose of the 
amendment is to provide for any consequences of an Adjustment Event; 
(d) 
the Issuer or the Trustee determines in its discretion that the amendment 
would affect the holders of different classes of Digital Securities (as 
defined in the Trust Instrument) differently and the terms of the 
amendment are authorised by separate Extraordinary Resolutions of the 
holders of each class of Digital Security (as so defined) affected passed 
in accordance with the Trust Instrument; 
(e) 
paragraph (d) above does not apply to the amendment and the terms of 
the amendment are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Security Holders (as a single resolution of the holders of all Digital 
Securities (as defined in the Trust Instrument) as though all Digital 
Securities (as so defined) constituted a single class) passed in 
accordance with the Trust Instrument;  
(f) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the 
Trustee may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the 
position and without liability to any person) that the sole purpose of the

--- Page 123 ---
123 (169) 
amendment is to vary the procedures for the lodgement of Redemption 
Notices; 
(g) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the 
Trustee may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the 
position and without liability to any person) that the terms of the 
amendment are necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer to 
reflect changes in the Uncertificated Regulations or in the applicable law 
and practice relating to the holding or transfer of Digital Securities in 
uncertificated registered form;  
(h) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the 
Trustee may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the 
position and without liability to any person) that the terms of the 
amendment are necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer to 
comply with any statutory or other requirement of law (including as 
modified or applied in any respect to the Digital Securities) or the rules, 
regulations or procedures of any stock exchange or settlement system; 
(i) 
in the case of Basket Securities or Index Securities of any class prior to 
the issue thereof, the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which 
certificate the Trustee may rely without any obligation to investigate or 
verify the position and without liability to any person) that the sole purpose 
and effect of the amendment is to amend the Conditions in respect of that 
class of Basket Securities or Index Securities and that the amended 
Conditions have been disclosed in the prospectus or a supplement 
thereto or in a separate base prospectus applicable (inter alia) to such 
class; or 
(j) 
in the case of Index Securities of any class, the Issuer certifies in writing 
to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee may rely without any 
obligation to investigate or verify the position and without liability to any 
person) that the sole purpose and effect of the amendment is to substitute 
a different index for the Index for such class of Index Securities and to 
make consequential changes which are necessary to give effect to such 
substitution and that the following conditions have been or will be 
satisfied: 
(i) 
the amount of Digital Currency of each Underlying Type 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect of the Index Securities of that class will be adjusted to 
correspond with the respective Coin Entitlements comprised in 
the Index Entitlement immediately following the substitution; 
and  
(ii) 
the amendment does not take effect until at least 10 calendar 
days have elapsed after it is announced to Security Holders in 
an RIS announcement (which announcement may include an 
announcement in compliance with Condition 5B.4 of a 
Voluntary Rebalancing for the purposes of satisfying the 
requirement in paragraph (i)). 
24.3. 
The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to 
in Condition 24.2(c), Condition 24.2(d), Condition 24.2(e), Condition 24.2(f) and

--- Page 124 ---
124 (169) 
Condition 24.2(j) by publishing a notice on a RIS as soon as practicable after such 
amendment is proposed and in any event, upon such amendment becoming 
effective, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees. 
24.4. 
No notice need be given of any amendment as referred to in Condition 24.2(a), 
Condition 24.2(b), Condition 24.2(g), Condition 24.2(h) or Condition 24.2(i) unless 
the Trustee otherwise requires. 
25. 
NOTICES 
25.1. 
All notices required or permitted to be given to Security Holders, the Issuer or the 
Trustee under the Trust Instrument or pursuant to any other Programme Document 
must be in writing in English, except to the extent that the notice relates to a meeting 
of Security Holders where, in relation to any Digital Securities which are held in 
Uncertificated Form, the Issuer may from time to time permit notices of Security 
Holder meetings to be made by means of an electronic communication in the form 
of an Uncertificated Notice of Meeting in such form and subject to such terms and 
conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by the Issuer (subject always to 
facilities and requirements of CREST) and may in similar manner permit 
supplements, or amendments, to any such Uncertificated Notice of Meeting to be 
made by like means. 
25.2. 
All notices to holders of Digital Securities shall be valid if: 
(a) 
they are: 
(i) 
published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for 
such purposes by the applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s) 
and any such notices shall be conclusively presumed to have 
been received by the holders; and/or 
(ii) 
published on the Issuer’s Website; and 
(b) 
for so long as the Digital Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock 
Exchange, they are published in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority. 
25.3. 
Notices to the holders of Digital Securities shall also be valid if: 
(a) 
(subject always to facilities and requirements of CREST) they are 
delivered through CREST; and 
(b) 
(in the case of notices of meetings) they are sent by post in accordance 
with the provisions of the Trust Instrument. 
25.4. 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, publication in any manner referred to above is not 
practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in Zurich, Switzerland. 
25.5. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which 
publication is made, as provided above.

--- Page 125 ---
125 (169) 
26. 
PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
26.1. 
Subject to Condition 9.6 or otherwise as may be required by law to which the person 
making the delivery or payment is subject, all deliveries due, monies payable by or 
other amounts due from the Issuer on the Redemption of any Digital Securities shall 
be delivered or paid in full, free and clear of and without any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or 
withholding is required by law. 
26.2. 
All monies payable by the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities shall be paid (unless 
otherwise agreed with any particular Security Holder) in US Dollars in full cleared 
and immediately available funds and in accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
cash payments in respect of Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form will 
be made through CREST; and 
(b) 
cash payments in respect of Digital Securities in Certificated Form will be 
made to the bank account specified by the Security Holder or, where no 
bank account or other settlement details have been provided by a 
Security Holder, or in other circumstances as provided in the Trust 
Instrument, will be made by cheque or warrant and despatched by post 
at the risk of the Security Holder; 
26.3. 
All payments and/or deliveries of Redemption Amounts (as applicable) in respect of 
the Digital Securities will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 9.6 and Condition 26.1 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto (in each case without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9.6 and Condition 26.1).  
26.4. 
Where a day on which a payment would otherwise be due and payable is not an 
Issuer Business Day, such payment shall be due and payable by the payer on the 
next following Issuer Business Day. In the case of any payment payable through 
CREST, where such payment would otherwise be due and payable on a day which 
is not both an Issuer Business Day and a CREST Business Day, such payment shall 
be due and payable by the payer on the next following day which is both an Issuer 
Business Day and a CREST Business Day.” 
 
 
The following tables provide summary details of the classes of securities that are currently 
authorised for issue by the Issuer under the Trust Instrument.  Under the Trust Instrument, the 
Class Schedule may be amended by the Issuer to add new classes of Digital Securities without 
the consent of Security Holders in respect of any existing class by an instrument in writing 
signed on behalf of the Issuer.  Before any new Digital Currency, in addition to the Digital 
Currencies listed after Part B in the Class Schedule below, could be added as a potential 
underlying asset a supplement to this Prospectus must be duly approved and published. The

--- Page 126 ---
126 (169) 
text of the Class Schedule as currently in force is as follows: 
 
Class Schedule 
 
Part A – Classes of Basket Securities 
 
Short name of 
class of Basket 
Securities: 
Full name of class 
of Basket 
Securities: 
Underlying 
Types*: 
Reference 
Price*: 
Base 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
Initial Basket 
Entitlement*: 
Staking 
Class 
(Y/N)*: 
Physical 
Delivery 
Fee*: 
CoinShares 
Physical 
BitCoin and 
Ethereum 
CoinShares Physical 
Bitcoin and Ethereum 
ETP, class undated, 
limited 
recourse, 
secured 
Basket 
Securities 
of 
CoinShares 
Digital 
Securities Limited of 
USD 0.40 in Principal 
Amount each 
As set out in 
applicable 
Final Terms 
As set out in 
applicable 
Final Terms 
USD 
0.40 
As set out in 
applicable 
Final Terms 
As set out 
in 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
As set out 
in 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
 
* 
denotes an item that may be included in the Final Terms applicable to such Class 
Part B- Classes of Index Securities 
 
Short 
name 
of 
class 
of 
Index 
Securities
: 
Full name 
of class of 
Index 
Securities
: 
Index*: 
Index 
Handbook
*: 
Underlyin
g Types*: 
Referenc
e Price*: 
Base 
Currency
: 
Princip
al 
Amount
:  
Initial Index 
Entitlement
*: 
Staking 
Class 
(Y/N)*: 
Physic
al 
Deliver
y Fee*: 
CoinShare
s Physical 
Top 10  
CoinShare
s Physical 
Top 
10 
Crypto 
ETP class 
undated, 
limited 
recourse, 
secured 
Index 
Securities 
of 
CoinShare
s 
Digital 
Securities 
Limited of 
USD 0.40 
in Principal 
Amount 
each 
CoinShare
s-Compass 
Top 
10 
Crypto 
Market 
Index 
As set out 
in 
applicable 
Final Terms 
As set out 
in 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
As set out 
in 
applicabl
e 
Final 
Terms 
USD 
0.40 
As set out in 
applicable 
Final Terms 
As 
set 
out 
in 
applicabl
e 
Final 
Terms 
5 per 
cent. 
CoinShare
s Physical 
Smart 
Contract 
CoinShare
s Physical 
Smart 
Contract 
Platform 
ETP class 
undated, 
limited 
recourse, 
secured 
Index 
Securities 
of 
CoinShare
s 
Digital 
Securities 
Limited of 
USD 0.40 
in Principal 
Amount 
each 
CoinShare
s-Compass 
Smart 
Contract 
Platform 
Index 
As set out 
in 
applicable 
Final Terms 
As set out 
in 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
As set out 
in 
applicabl
e 
Final 
Terms 
USD 
0.40 
As set out in 
applicable 
Final Terms 
As 
set 
out 
in 
applicabl
e 
Final 
Terms 
5 per 
cent.

--- Page 127 ---
127 (169) 
In this Class Schedule and in any Final Terms, the following terms have the following meanings: 
 
“Binance Coin” means the Digital Currency known as Binance Coin (BNB); 
“Bitcoin” means the Digital Currency known as Bitcoin (BTC); 
“EOS” means the Digital Currency known as EOS (EOS); 
“Ethereum” means the Digital Currency known as Ethereum (ETH); 
“Litecoin” means the Digital Currency known as Litecoin (LTC); 
“Polkadot” means the Digital Currency known as Polkadot (DOT); 
“Ripple” means the Digital Currency known as Ripple (XRP); 
“Tezos” means the Digital Currency known as Tezos (XTZ); 
“Aave” means the Digital Currency known as Aave (AAVE); 
“Algorand” means the Digital Currency known as Algorand (ALGO); 
“Arweave” means the Digital Currency known as Arweave (AR); 
“Audius” means the Digital Currency known as Audius (AUDIO); 
“Avalanche” means the Digital Currency known as Avalanche (AVAX); 
“Axie Infinity” means the Digital Currency known as Axie Infinity (AXS)  
“Cardano” means the Digital Currency known as Cardano (ADA); 
“Celo” means the Digital Currency known as Celo (CELO); 
“Chainlink” means the Digital Currency known as Chainlink (LINK); 
“Compound” means the Digital Currency known as Compound (COMP); 
“Cosmos” means the Digital Currency known as Cosmos (ATOM); 
“Decentraland” means the Digital Currency known as Decentraland (MANA); 
“Decentralised Social” means the Digital Currency known as Decentralised Social (DESO); 
“Elrond” means the Digital Currency known as Elrond (EGLD); 
“Fantom” means the Digital Currency known as Fantom (FTM); 
“Filecoin” means the Digital Currency known as Filecoin (FIL); 
“Flow” means the Digital Currency known as Flow (FLOW); 
“Harmony” means the Digital Currency known as Harmony (ONE); 
“Hedera Hash Graph” means the Digital Currency known as Hedera Hash Graph (HBAR); 
“Helium” means the Digital Currency known as Helium (HNT);

--- Page 128 ---
128 (169) 
“Internet Computer” means the Digital Currency known as Internet Computer (ICP); 
“Klaytn” means the Digital Currency known as Klaytn (KLAY); 
“Kusama” means the Digital Currency known as Kusama (KSM); 
“Maker” means the Digital Currency known as Maker (MKR); 
“NEAR Protocol” means the Digital Currency known as NEAR Protocol (NEAR); 
“PancakeSwap” means the Digital Currency known as PancakeSwap (CAKE); 
“Polygon” means the Digital Currency known as Polygon (MATIC); 
“Quant” means the Digital Currency known as Quant (QNT); 
“Solana” means the Digital Currency known as Solana (SOL); 
“Stacks” means the Digital Currency known as Stacks (STX); 
“Stellar” means the Digital Currency known as Stellar (XLM); 
“Sushiswap” means the Digital Currency known as Sushiswap (SUSHI); 
“The Graph” means the Digital Currency known as The Graph (GRT); 
“Thorchain” means the Digital Currency known as Thorchain (RUNE); 
“Tron” means the Digital Currency known as Tron (TRX); 
“Uniswap” means the Digital Currency known as Uniswap (UNI); 
“Waves” means the Digital Currency known as Waves (WAVES); 
“Yield Guild Games” means the Digital Currency known as Yield Guild Games (YGG); and

--- Page 129 ---
129 (169) 
PART 7 
PARTICULARS OF THE SECURITY DEED 
 
The Issuer and the Trustee have entered into the Security Deed (as amended), creating first-
ranking floating charges over the Secured Property attributable to each class of Digital 
Securities for the benefit of the Trustee and the Security Holders of the Digital Securities of 
that class. 
 
The particulars of the Security Deed as set out below are taken from the Security Deed and 
are, therefore, drafted in legal language. Certain terms used below are defined in the Security 
Deed. Detail on how the provisions of the Security Deed impact upon Security Holders is 
contained throughout this Prospectus including under the headings “Security Structure” in Part 
1 (General) and “Security Structure” in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities). 
 
The Security Deed contains, inter alia, provisions to the following effect: 
 
1. 
Charge  
 
a) Charge: The Issuer, as continuing security for the payment or discharge of all sums 
owing by the Issuer to the Trustee or the Security Holders from time to time under the 
applicable class of Digital Securities, the Trust Instrument or the Security Deed (the 
“Secured Liabilities”), with full title guarantee charges by way of first-ranking floating 
charge to the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors over all the Issuer’s rights, 
title and interest, present and future, in and to the relevant Secured Property, provided 
that if at any time the then outstanding Secured Liabilities shall be irrevocably and 
unconditionally paid to and received by the Trustee in full, the Trustee shall at the 
request and cost of the Issuer release or discharge the Secured Property from the 
Security. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Security Deed, the Issuer may enter into 
Staking Transactions in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
b) Assignment by way of Security: The Issuer, as further security for payment or discharge 
of the Secured Liabilities, assigns and agrees to assign to the Trustee for the benefit 
of the Secured Creditors by way of security with full title guarantee all its present and 
future rights, title and interest in the Custody Agreement to the extent it relates to the 
relevant Pool. 
 
2. Enforcement 
 
a) The Security created by the Security Deed shall become enforceable if (and only if) (a) 
a Delivery Default has occurred and is continuing, or (b) an Issuer Insolvency Event 
has occurred and is continuing, or (c) an Agency Agreement Default has occurred and 
is continuing, (in each case unless waived in accordance with the Conditions). 
 
b) In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Trust 
Instrument with respect to the Secured Property the Trustee may at any time: 
 
(i) 
after the occurrence of a Delivery Default, at its discretion, and shall, 
if so directed in writing by one or more Security Holders holding the 
Digital Security or Digital Securities to which such Delivery Default 
relates, the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or 
other action or steps as it may think fit against or in relation to the 
Issuer to enforce any such obligation of the Issuer under the Trust 
Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed in

--- Page 130 ---
130 (169) 
respect of the Digital Securities to which such Delivery Default 
relates. 
 
(ii) 
if an Issuer Insolvency Event or an Agency Agreement Default has 
occurred and is continuing, at its discretion, and shall if so directed 
in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by 
Principal Amount of the affected Digital Securities (as a whole) then 
outstanding or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders 
holding affected Digital Securities (as a single resolution of the 
holders of all affected Digital Securities as though such affected 
Digital Securities constituted a single class), the Trustee having first 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other action or steps as 
it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any 
obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security 
constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all outstanding 
affected Digital Securities and for this purpose (and for the purposes 
of paragraph (c)) “affected Digital Securities” means, in the context 
of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them, and, in the context of an 
Agency Agreement Default, those Digital Securities that are 
attributable to the Pool or Pools to which the relevant Agency 
Agreement relates. 
 
The Security Deed relates separately to each Pool and accordingly the Trustee may 
exercise its powers referred to above in respect of one or more Pools and need not do 
so, or do so simultaneously, in respect of all Pools. 
 
c) If an Issuer Insolvency Event or an Agency Agreement Default is occurring at the same 
time as a Delivery Default, a Security Holder holding affected Digital Securities to which 
such Delivery Default relates will not be entitled to require the Trustee to take action as 
described in paragraph (b)(i) until the expiry of 30 calendar days from the occurrence 
of the Issuer Insolvency Event and/or Agency Agreement Default (as notified to 
Security Holders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 25), nor shall such Security 
Holder be so entitled if, during such period of 30 calendar days, the Trustee has 
elected, or been required, to take action as described in paragraph (b)(ii). 
 
3. 
Governing Law 
 
The Security Deed is governed by the laws of England. The courts of England are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Security 
Deed (including any proceedings relating to obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith) and, accordingly, any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Security Deed (including any 
Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith) may be brought in such courts. Notwithstanding the submission to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts contained in the Security Deed, nothing prevents the Trustee from 
commencing proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 131 ---
131 (169) 
  
PART 8 
THE CUSTODIAN AND THE CUSTODY AGREEMENT 
 
Digital Currencies, which are the reference assets for the Digital Securities, represent 
both novel technologies as well as new asset classes. As a result, they may include 
risks that investors generally do not expect from other types of assets and 
commodities, including (but not limited to), risks relating to the loss of the underlying 
asset held by the Custodian. The recovery of such assets if lost due to hacking or fraud 
may be exacerbated by the lack of a central intermediary, the anonymity of Digital 
Currency accounts and the immutability of the decentralized databases (known as 
distributed ledgers) which record ownership. The Digital Securities and the underlying 
assets in respect of the Digital Securities should therefore be considered to be highly 
speculative and involve a high degree of risk, including the risk of a total loss of all 
capital invested. See further the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”. 
 
The Issuer will store the Digital Currencies in the proprietary custodial solutions offered by the 
Custodian: Komainu (Jersey) Limited. 
 
The Komainu Solution: 
 
The Komainu Solution is based on a hardware security module which, whilst connected to the 
internet, operates through a combination of hardware security, cryptographic encryption and 
governance to achieve the same security characteristics as a cold storage model. 
 
It leverages the following cryptographic technologies and elements of secured hardware: 
 
• 
HSM (hardware security modules) to form and store private keys securely in isolation. 
The HSM also uses those keys to sign and approve transactions. The HSM security 
has been reinforced by custom business logic (the BOLOS firmware). 
 
• 
Secure offline key generation, to generate all client private keys, encryption keys and 
individual user ID keys, using secure hardware leveraging secure element chips and 
AIS31 TRNG (true random number generators). 
 
• 
Vault customer instructions to sign transactions have to comply with the governance 
rules by the vault customer to be executed. The governance rules are also protected 
by the HSM. 
 
• 
Vault customer instructions to the HSM can only be sent via cryptographically secure 
channels. The secure channels are created by Personal Security Devices (PSDs) 
designed and manufactured by the platform provider which contain best of class 
secure elements and also run a specific version of the platform provider’s proprietary 
operating system BOLOS. 
 
• 
The authenticity and integrity of each platform component (HSM and PSD) is ensured 
by a cryptographic “root of trust” attestation system based on the platform provider’s 
issuance of certificates. 
 
• 
During onboarding customers independently create a back-up system managed by 
three different individuals (none of which should have access to the full back-up). This 
back-up can be used by customers to independently recover all their private keys in 
case of inaccessibility of the Vault platform.

--- Page 132 ---
132 (169) 
The Custodian may make such insurance arrangements from time to time in connection with 
its custodial obligations to store such Digital Currencies held in the Secured Wallets as it 
considers appropriate. The Custodian has no obligation to insure such Digital Currency against 
loss, theft or damage and the Issuer does not intend to insure against such risks. The 
Custodian shall be responsible for all costs, fees and expenses in relation thereto. 
 
The Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been 
made, or for insuring the Digital Currency held in the Secured Wallet and shall not be required 
to make any enquiry regarding such matters. 
 
Komainu has agreed to charge a fee for its services under the Custody Agreement based on 
the aggregate amount of Digital Currencies held in the relevant Secured Wallets (with no 
minimum fee), calculated daily and payable monthly or quarterly in arrears, in USD.  
 
The Custody Agreements have a fixed initial term of five (5) years (the “Initial Term”) provided 
that during such period either the Issuer or the Custodian may terminate the Agreement by 
three (3) months’ prior written notice in certain specified circumstances (or immediately in 
certain specified circumstances). Following the Initial Term, the Custody Agreement 
automatically renews for additional periods of one (1) year (each a “Renewal Term”) until 
terminated by either the Issuer or the Custodian by giving not less than 90 days’ written notice 
provided that during any such Renewal Term either the Issuer or the Custodian may terminate 
the Agreement by giving notice with immediate effect in certain specified circumstances. 
 
The Custodian 
 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey, 
Channel Islands (with registered number 127169) having its registered address at 3rd Floor, 2 
Hill Street, St. Helier, Jersey, JE2 4UA, Channel Islands. Komainu (Jersey) Limited is regulated 
by the Jersey Financial Services Commission as a custodian and depositary under the Jersey 
Financial Services Law for the undertaking of ‘custodian’ and ‘depositary’ categories of ‘funds 
services business’. 
 
The Custodian will be responsible for the safekeeping of the Digital Currency held in the 
Secured Wallets. The Custodian and/or its affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell 
Digital Securities for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over 
which they exercise investment discretion. 
 
The Custody Agreement contain provisions limiting the liability of the Custodian and 
indemnities in favour of the Custodian in certain circumstances. The Custodian does not 
warrant the contents of this Prospectus, nor is it involved in the management, administration 
or net asset value calculation of the Digital Securities. 
 
 
 
The Secured Wallets 
 
The Custodian will maintain the Secured Wallets, comprising a Subscription and Redemption 
Wallet and a Long-term Wallet. The Secured Wallets will be established and maintained under 
the Komainu master wallet custody solution. The Subscription and Redemption Wallets will 
hold sufficient Digital Currency to provide liquidity for creations and redemptions, up to a 
maximum of $50 million. The Long-Term Storage Wallet will hold all Digital Security in excess 
of that required to ensure liquidity for creations and redemptions. The Secured Wallets will be 
subject to security protocols as agreed between the Issuer and the Custodian. The Security

--- Page 133 ---
133 (169) 
Protocols are confidential and are designed to limit access to and control over the Wallets to 
a pre-identified number of employees of the Issuer, the Administrator and the Custodian, to 
create secure processes for withdrawals from the Secured Wallets and to pre-authorise (and 
therefore) limit the wallets to which Digital Currency may be transferred from the Secured 
Wallets. The Long-Term Storage Wallet will be subject to enhanced security protocols to 
provide additional security. The Custodian will provide reports by secure e-mail to the Issuer 
by the close of each Business Day (only if there have been any changes). The Custodian 
retains the right to reverse recording errors with retrospective effect. The Custodian 
acknowledges that, pursuant to the Security Deed, the Issuer has assigned by way of security 
to the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors all its rights, title and interest, present 
and future, in and to all Digital Currency credited to the Secured Wallets and all the rights of 
the Issuer in respect of the Secured Wallets. 
 
Notice of an intended deposit into the relevant Secured Wallet must be given by the Issuer to 
the Custodian no later than 3:00 pm (London time) one Business Day prior to which the Issuer 
wishes the Custodian to credit to the Subscription and Redemption Wallet. In the event the 
Digital Currency held in the Secured Wallet exceeds the liquidity requirements for the 
Subscription and Redemption Wallet, the Issuer will effect the transfer of Digital Currency from 
the Subscription and Redemption Wallet to the Long-Term Storage Wallet on the day of 
receipt. 
 
Withdrawals from the Long-Term Storage Wallet will only be made into the Subscription and 
Redemption Wallet and will be subject to the confidential security protocols agreed by the 
Issuer and the Custodian. Withdrawals from the Subscription and Redemption Wallet will only 
be made into wallets that have been pre-authorised by the Issuer (so-called white listed 
wallets) and will be subject to the confidential security protocols agreed by the Issuer and the 
Custodian.

--- Page 134 ---
134 (169) 
PART 9 
TAXATION 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the acquisition, holding, transfer or 
disposal of the Digital Securities, and/or receipt of payments under Digital Securities 
may result in tax consequences to any investor, which may arise in, but are not limited 
to, the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the jurisdiction of residence, domicile, citizenship or 
incorporation of the relevant investor. Prospective investors should consult their own 
professional advisers concerning such possible tax consequences. 
 
The summaries below are not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax 
consequences relating to the ownership of Digital Securities and the Issuer has only 
investigated the tax position in the jurisdictions set out below. Prospective security holders 
should consult their own tax advisers concerning the consequences of their own particular 
situation. 
 
GENERAL 
 
The tax legislation of the investor’s jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the securities. 
 
TAXATION IN JERSEY 
 
The following paragraphs summarise certain aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of 
holding Digital Securities. The statements are intended only as a general guide. 
 
Income tax 
 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (as 
amended) (the “Jersey Income Tax Law”) but (being neither a financial services company a 
specified utility company, a large corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey 
and/or supplying in Jersey hydrocarbon oil under the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of 
this Prospectus) will (except as noted below) be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0 per 
cent. Security Holders (other than residents of Jersey) should not be subject to any tax in 
Jersey in respect of the holding, sale, redemption or other disposition of Digital Securities. 
Redemption payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for 
or on account of Jersey tax. 
 
Stamp Duty 
 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, 
inheritance or capital transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, 
acquisition, ownership, redemption, sale or other disposal of Digital Securities. In the event of 
the death of an individual sole holder of Digital Securities, duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. 
of the value of the Digital Securities held, subject to a cap of £100,000, may be payable on 
registration of Jersey probate or letters of administration which may be required in order to 
transfer or otherwise deal with Digital Securities held by the deceased individual sole holder 
thereof. 
 
Goods and services tax 
 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: (a) register

--- Page 135 ---
135 (169) 
as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; (b) charge goods and services tax in Jersey in 
respect of any supply made by it; or (c) (subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to 
apply to the Issuer) pay goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
 
Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
 
The United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of 
legislation in the United States known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). 
Under FATCA, a 30 per cent. withholding tax may be imposed on payments of United States 
source income and certain payments of proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise 
to United States source income, unless the Issuer complies with requirements to report on an 
annual basis the identity of, and certain other information about, direct and indirect United 
States holders of Digital Securities issued by the Issuer to the United States Internal Revenue 
Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey authority for onward transmission to the IRS. A holder 
of Digital Securities issued by the Issuer that fails to provide the required information to the 
Issuer may be subject to the 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to any payments directly 
or indirectly attributable to United States sources and the Issuer might be required to redeem 
any Digital Securities held by such holder. On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental 
agreement was entered into between Jersey and the US in respect of FATCA which agreement 
was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the Taxation (Implementation) 
(International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) Regulations 2014. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition 
of such withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such 
obligations. If the Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return 
on some or all Digital Securities issued by the Issuer may be materially and adversely affected. 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer may compulsorily redeem some or all of the Digital 
Securities held by one or more holders and/or may reduce the redemption proceeds payable 
to any holder of Digital Securities. 
 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) 
 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standards 
(“CRS”) to address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising 
efficiency and reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for 
due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, 
participating jurisdictions obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically 
exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all 
reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence 
and reporting procedures. Jersey has implemented the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) 
(International Tax Compliance) (Common Reporting Standard) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As 
a result, the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting 
requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Jersey has committed to a common implementation 
timetable which has seen the first exchange of information in 2017 in respect of accounts open 
at and from the end of 2015, with further countries committed to implement the new global 
standard. Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to 
enable the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested 
information may subject an investor to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges 
and/or mandatory redemption of Digital Securities. The law and any other rules or customary 
practice relating to tax, or its interpretation in relation to the Issuer, its assets and any 
investment of the Issuer may change during its life. In particular, both the level and basis of 
taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going global Base Erosion and Profit 
Shifting (BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the Issuer. Additionally,

--- Page 136 ---
136 (169) 
the interpretation and application of tax rules and customary practice to the Issuer, its assets 
and investors by any taxation authority or court may differ from that anticipated by the Issuer. 
Both could significantly affect returns to investors.

--- Page 137 ---
137 (169) 
PART 10 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
1 
INCORPORATION AND SHARE CAPITAL OF ISSUER 
 
1.1 
The Issuer was formed on 9 August 2018 under the name Global Advisors Corporate 
Services Limited, as a private limited company for the sole purpose of providing 
corporate secretarial and corporate directorship services to affiliates within the 
CoinShares group structure. The Issuer changed its name to CoinShares Digital 
Securities Limited pursuant to a written resolution dated 30 June 2020 and its status 
to a public company pursuant to a written resolution dated 28 July 2020. The Issuer 
operates under Jersey law. The Issuer’s registration number is 127061 and its 
trading name is CoinShares Digital Securities. 
 
1.2 
The Issuer has an issued share capital of £0.01 (authorised share capital of £100 
comprising 10,000 ordinary shares of £0.01 in a single class, fully paid. The single 
ordinary share that has been issued is held by CoinShares International Limited. 
 
1.3 
Save for the ordinary share held by CoinShares International Limited and the Digital 
Securities described in this Prospectus, no subscriptions, allotments or options are 
to be given, or are already existing, in respect of any other securities of the Issuer. 
 
1.4 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
 
1.5 
The Issuer is not aware of any pending or threatened court, arbitration or 
administrative proceedings that have or could have a material impact on the Issuer’s 
assets, liabilities, profit or loss or on its ability to operate the Programme. 
 
1.6 
The Directors of the Issuer are Jeri-Lea Brown, Townsend Lansing, Kirsty Lawrence 
and Stuart Pinnington. None of such Directors: 
1.6.1 has had any convictions for major or minor economic or white-collar crime in 
the last five years; or 
1.6.2 has been the subject of legal proceedings brought by statutory or regulatory 
authorities, including designated professional associations, that are ongoing 
or have been concluded with a sanction. 
 
1.7 
There has been no significant change in the assets, financial or revenue position of 
the Issuer and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of 
the Issuer, in each case since the last audited annual financial statements of the 
Issuer. 
2 
BUSINESS PROSPECTS 
 
2.1 
The Issuer will be exclusively engaged in the issuance of Digital Securities and 
certain activities related thereto. The Issuer expects that there will be sufficient 
demand in the market for the purchase of Digital Securities in order for it to run a 
profitable business.

--- Page 138 ---
138 (169) 
3 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
The following contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of 
business) have been entered into by the Issuer and are or may be material or have 
been entered into at any time by the Issuer and (not being contracts entered into in 
the ordinary course of business) contain provisions under which the Issuer has an 
obligation or entitlement which is or may be material to the Issuer as at the date of 
this document: 
 
3.1 
the Trust Instrument dated 21 December 2020 as amended and supplemented by 
supplemental trust instruments dated 21 December 2021, 1 June 2022, 15 
September 2022 and on or about 3 March 2023, a summary of the principal terms 
of which is set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions); 
 
3.2 
the Security Deed dated 21 December 2020 as amended and supplemented by 
deeds dated 21 December 2021, 1 June 2022 and on or about 3 March 2023, a 
summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 7 (Particulars of the 
Security Deed); 
 
3.3 
the Custody Agreement, between the Issuer, the Programme Manager, the Trustee, 
the Staking Agent and the Custodian dated 21 December 2020 (as amended), a 
summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 8 (Custody and The 
Custody Agreement). 
 
3.4 
the Determination Agency Agreement, dated 21 December 2020 (as amended and 
supplemented), between the Determination Agent, the Issuer and the Trustee under 
which the Determination Agent is appointed to act as the Determination Agent in 
respect of each class of Digital Securities. The Determination Agency Agreement 
also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 90 calendar 
days’ prior notice to the Issuer and the Trustee) and termination of the appointment 
of the Determination Agent (by at least 45 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer 
or on the occurrence of certain events, such as where such agent becomes 
incapable of acting, is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes 
an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or consents to the appointment of an 
administrator, liquidator or administrative or other receiver of all or any substantial 
part of its property, or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they 
may mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a receiver of it or of all or a 
substantial part of its property is appointed or if any officer takes charge or control 
of it or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or 
liquidation; 
 
3.5 
the Coin Sales Agency Agreement, dated 21 December 2020 (as amended and 
supplemented), between the Coin Sales Agent, the Determination Agent, the Issuer 
and the Trustee under which the Coin Sales Agent is appointed to act as Coin Sales 
Agent in respect of each class of Digital Securities to effect sales of Digital 
Currencies for the purposes of redemptions or compulsory redemptions to be 
effected by way of Cash Settlement. The Coin Sales Agency Agreement also sets 
out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 90 calendar days’ prior 
notice to the Issuer, the Determination Agent and the Trustee) and termination of 
the appointment of the Coin Sales Agent (by at least 45 calendar days’ prior notice 
from the Issuer or on the occurrence of certain events, such as where such agent 
becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files 
for bankruptcy, makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or consents to

--- Page 139 ---
139 (169) 
the appointment of an administrator, liquidator or administrative or other receiver of 
all or any substantial part of its property, or admits in writing its inability to pay or 
meet its debts as they may mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a receiver of 
it or of all or a substantial part of its property is appointed or if any officer takes 
charge or control of it or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, 
conservation or liquidation; 
 
3.6 
each Authorised Participant Agreement, entered into between the Issuer and each 
Authorised Participant. Such Authorised Participant Agreements set out the terms 
on which the Authorised Participant will act as Authorised Participant in relation to 
each Class of Digital Securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme. The 
Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the contractual obligations that govern 
interactions between the Issuer and Authorised Participants, including in relation to 
Applications and Redemptions for Digital Securities. The Authorised Participant 
Agreement includes an indemnity from the Issuer relating to the representations and 
warranties given by the Issuer in such agreement. 
 
3.7 
the Registrar Agreement dated 21 December 2020, whereby the Registrar is 
responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of certain registrar services, 
including the provision of a registration and transfer office, to the Issuer as set out in 
schedule 1 of the Registrar Agreement and for which the Issuer agrees to pay the 
Registrar a fee. The Registrar may delegate certain of its duties or functions under 
the Registrar Agreement; 
 
3.8 
the Programme Management Agreement dated 21 December 2020, pursuant to 
which the Issuer has appointed the Programme Manager to provide programme 
management services to it in relation to the Programme and the Digital Securities. 
In consideration of the performance of such services, the Issuer has agreed to pay 
to the Programme Manager a fee consisting of the periodic amounts, relating to 
management fees, received by the Issuer relating to issued Digital Securities, minus 
any earnings required by law to be retained by the Issuer.;  
 
3.9 
the Administration Agreement dated 19 October 2020, whereby the Administrator 
will provide certain administration, company secretarial and registrar services to the 
Issuer. The Administration Agreement sets out the terms of the Administrator's 
appointment, the services to be performed on behalf of the Administrator in relation 
to the Issuer and certain termination events whereby the Administration Agreement 
will be terminated including either party providing 120 calendar days' written notice 
to the other party, where either party is declared bankrupt or goes into liquidation 
and where either party is in material breach of the Administration Agreement, 
amongst other scenarios. The Administration Agreement also sets out the liability of 
the Administrator to the Issuer and the associated liability cap; and 
 
3.10 
the Staking Agency Agreement dated 21 December 2021 (as amended and 
supplemented), pursuant to which the Issuer has appointed the Staking Agent to 
provide certain services in relation to contributing certain of its Digital Currencies to 
validators for the purposes of earning staking rewards. In consideration of the 
performance of such services, the Issuer has agreed to allow the Staking Agent to 
share in a certain amount of the staking rewards earned from staking, with the 
remainder to be shared with Security Holders. 
4 
ISINS AND PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS OF THE DIGITAL SECURITIES

--- Page 140 ---
140 (169) 
Two classes of Digital Securities are specifically described in this Prospectus. The Principal 
Amount of each class of Digital Securities will be as set out in the Class Schedule (which is 
described in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions) above). The ISIN of each class of Digital 
Securities will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Digital Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus in respect of any other Digital 
Currency and any other Base Currency. To the extent that this Prospectus does not provide 
full details of such class or classes of Digital Securities, such additional details (including the 
name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof and details of the relevant type or types of 
Digital Currency) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus 
supplemental hereto. For the avoidance of doubt, before any new Digital Currency could be 
added as a potential underlying asset a supplement to this Prospectus must be duly approved 
and published. 
 
As referred to in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities) and Condition 15 (Further 
Securities; Other Pools; Fork Events; Consolidation and Division), the Issuer has the right 
under the Trust Instrument at any time to consolidate or divide all of the Digital Securities of 
any class into Digital Securities of the same class but with a proportionately larger or smaller 
Coin Entitlement in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) and Principal Amount. Consolidated or 
divided Digital Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus and, to the extent that this 
Prospectus does not provide full details of such consolidated or divided Digital Securities, such 
additional details (including the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof) will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus supplemental hereto. 
5 
SOURCES 
The statements under “Examples of Digital Currencies” in Part 3 have been sourced from 
www.blockchain.com and www.coinmetrics.io; 
The statements under “Price Formation and Valuation” in Part 3 have been sourced from the 
following: 
Pagnotta, Emiliano and Buraschi, Andrea. An Equilibrium Valuation of Bitcoin and 
Decentralized Network Assets. [SSRN] s.l. : SSRN, 2018 
Xin, Li and Chong, Alex Wang. The technology and economic determinants of 
cryptocurrency exchange rates: The case of Bitcoin. [ScienceDirect] 2016 
Wheatley, Spencer, et al. Are Bitcoin Bubbles Predictable? Combining a Generalized 
Metcalfe’s Law and the LPPLS Model. [arXiv] March 2018 
PlanB. [Online] 22 March 2019. https://medium.com/@100trillionUSD/modeling-bitcoins-
value-with-scarcity-91fa0fc03e25 
Antos, Johnny and McCreanor, Reuben. [Online] March 2018. 
https://medium.com/blockchain-advisory-group/an-efficient-markets-valuation-framework-for-
cryptoassets-using-black-scholes-option-theory-a6 a8a480e18a 
Pfeffer, 
John. 
[Online] 
December 
2017. 
https://s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/john-
pfeffer/An+Investor’s+Take+on+Cryptoassets+v6.pdf 
CoinMetrics. [Online] December 2018. https://coinmetrics.io/realized-capitalization/

--- Page 141 ---
141 (169) 
Puell, 
David. 
[Online] 
Adaptive 
Capital, 
February 
2019. 
https://medium.com/adaptivecapital/bitcoin-delta-capitalization-1d51a7b256b4 
Carter, Nic. [Online] September 2018. https://www.docdroid.net/FbgH1WS/bitcoin-institution-
riga.pdf#page=8 
Woo, Willy. [Online] October 2017. https://woobull.com/introducing-nvt-ratio-bitcoins-pe-ratio-
use-it-to-detect-bubbles/ 
[Online] February 2018. https://woobull.com/nvt-signal-a-new-trading-indicator-to-pick-tops-
and-bottoms/ 
[Online] http://charts.woobull.com/bitcoin-mayer-multiple/ 
[Online] August 2019. https://woobull.com/introducing-the-difficulty-ribbon-the-best-times-to-
buy-bitcoin/ 
Swift, Philip. [Online] October 2018. https://blog.goodaudience.com/bitcoin-network- 
momentum-a42346b2f0ce 
The information referred to in this paragraph 4 has been accurately reproduced and, so far as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the referenced third 
party source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the documents or websites or webpages referred to above are themselves 
incorporated into this Base Prospectus or form part of this Base Prospectus for any purpose. 
6 
GENERAL 
 
6.1 
The Issuer’s auditors are Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited, with registered offices 
at P.O. Box 437, First Floor, Kensington Chambers, 46-50 Kensington Place, St. 
Helier, Jersey, JE4 0ZE. Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited is a chartered 
accountancy practice registered with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales (ICAEW). The Issuer’s financial statements for the periods 
ended 31 December 2021, 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020, respectively, have been 
audited by the auditor. Financial information in this Base Prospectus extracted from 
said reports has been reviewed by the Issuer's auditor as part of their audit of the 
financial statements. Otherwise, the information in this Base Prospectus has not 
been audited or reviewed by the auditor. 
 
6.2 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of 
the Issuer since the last published financial statements. No amounts are to be written 
off or provided for by the Issuer in respect of goodwill or preliminary expenses. No 
benefit has been given, or is to be given, to CSJL as the promoter of the Issuer. 
 
6.3 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during 
the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have had in 
the recent past a significant effect on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
 
6.4 
The Issuer intends to publish annual financial statements and Final Terms as 
required by any exchanges on which the Issuer may list Digital Securities and any

--- Page 142 ---
142 (169) 
relevant securities laws to which the Digital Securities are subject, and to publish the 
Coin Entitlement of the Digital Securities on the Issuer’s Website as described under 
the heading “Coin Entitlement – Publication of Coin Entitlement” in Part 4 
(Description of the Digital Securities). In addition, indicative values of each Digital 
Security are intended to be published as described in Part 2 (How does a Security 
Holder determine the value of its investment?), section “Publication of indicative 
value for each Digital Security”. Save as aforesaid the Issuer does not intend to 
provide post-issuance information. 
 
6.5 
The secured assets backing the issue, being the Digital Currency to be held in the 
Secured Wallets, have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds 
to service any payments due and payable on the Digital Securities. 
7 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Digital Securities remain 
outstanding, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection during 
normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer: 
 
7.1 
the up-to-date Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
 
7.2 
the Trust Instrument; 
 
7.3 
the Security Deed; 
 
7.4 
the Custody Agreement; 
 
7.5 
the Administration Agreement; 
 
7.6 
the Authorised Participant Agreements; 
 
7.7 
the Registrar Agreement; 
 
7.8 
the Determination Agency Agreement; 
 
7.9 
the Coin Sales Agency Agreement; 
 
7.10 
the Prospectus; 
 
7.11 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 April 2022 relating to the Digital Individual 
Securities; 
 
7.12 
the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial period ending 31 December 
2021, 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 (together with the relevant auditor's report) 
as well as any more recent year-end financial statements (together with the relevant 
auditor's report) or interim financial statements of the Issuer (if any);  
 
7.13 
the Swiss Paying Agent Agreement, if any, between the Issuer and State Street 
Bank International GmbH; and 
 
7.14 
the Staking Agency Agreement.

--- Page 143 ---
143 (169) 
The documents listed in paragraphs 7.1, 7.2, 7.11 and 7.12 above are also 
available at the following website of the Issuer at 
https://coinshares.com/etps/documents. 
8 
JERSEY LAW CONSENTS 
 
A consent dated 3 March 2023 issued by the Jersey Financial Services Commission 
under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, in 
respect of the issue of CoinShares Digital Securities by the Issuer has been obtained 
in relation to the circulation by the Issuer of this Base Prospectus and its issue of 
CoinShares Digital Securities. 
9 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
The Digital Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability. The 
following restrictions on offer and sales apply: 
 
9.1 
United States 
 
The Issuer has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that 
the Issuer will not be required to register the offer and sale of Digital Securities under 
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and to address 
certain considerations under the United States Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, (the “Code”) and other considerations. 
 
The Digital Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the 
United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state 
securities laws. 
 
The Digital Securities may not be purchased with plan assets of any “employee 
benefit plan” within the meaning of section 3(3) of ERISA, subject to Part 4. Subtitle 
B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which Section 4975 of the Code applies 
(collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of 
any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or 
section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment 
in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to any United States 
Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (any such employee benefit plan, plan or entity, 
a “Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor”). If the Issuer determines that any Security 
Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer may redeem the Digital 
Securities held by that Security Holder in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
8.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and 
Conditions). 
 
9.2 
United Kingdom and Jersey, Channel Islands 
 
In October 2020, the UK Financial Conduct Authority issued rules prohibiting MIFID-

--- Page 144 ---
144 (169) 
regulated firms from marketing or distributing debt securities that track the price of 
digital assets to retail investors. In line with those rules, the Digital Securities may 
not be offered or sold to any investor who is not a professional investor pursuant to 
MIFID in the United Kingdom or Jersey, Channel Islands. 
 
In addition no offer of Digital Securities may be made to the public in the United 
Kingdom, save that (subject to the preceding paragraph) an offer of Digital Securities 
may be made in the United Kingdom: 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation); or 
 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Digital Securities shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this paragraph 8.2, the expression an “offer of Digital 
Securities to the public” in relation to any Digital Securities means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Digital Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for Digital Securities, as the same may be varied in 
the United Kingdom by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in the 
United Kingdom and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto) as it applies in the United Kingdom 
pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and includes any relevant 
implementing measure in the United Kingdom. 
 
9.3 
European Union 
 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has 
implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with 
effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is 
implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant Implementation Date”) 
no offer of Digital Securities may be made to the public in that Relevant Member 
State, except that, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, 
an offer of Digital Securities may be made in that Relevant Member State: 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation); or 
 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 145 ---
145 (169) 
provided that no such offer of Digital Securities shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this paragraph 8.3, the expression an “offer of Digital 
Securities to the public” in relation to any Digital Securities in any Relevant 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Digital Securities to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for Digital Securities, as the 
same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure implementing 
the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State and the expression 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments 
thereto) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member 
State. 
 
9.4 
General 
 
Save for the approval of the Prospectus by Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
Finansinspektionen (the “SFSA”) and save as set out under the heading 
“Passporting” in Part 5 (The Programme), no action has been or will be taken in any 
jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of Digital Securities, or possession or 
distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly the Digital Securities may not 
be offered or sold in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other 
than the Kingdom of Sweden or (i) any other EEA member state to which the SFSA 
has notified its approval of the Prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation or (ii) if the Prospectus is registered with a review body within the 
meaning of article 52 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services, the Swiss 
Confederation.

--- Page 146 ---
146 (169) 
PART 11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
the unaudited interim financial statements of 
the Issuer as at 30 June 2022, including: 
all pages 
Directors’ Report 
Pages 2 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 3 
Statement of Financial Position 
Page 4 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 5 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 6 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 7-15 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer 
as at 31 December 2021, including: 
all pages 
Directors’ Report 
Pages 2-3 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 4-8 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 9 
Statement of Financial Position 
Page 10 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 11 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 12 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 13-27 
 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer 
as at 30 June 2021, including: 
all pages 
Directors’ Report 
Pages 2-3 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 4-6 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 7 
Statement of Financial Position 
Page 8 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 9 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 10 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 11-25 
 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer 
as at 30 June 2020, including: 
all pages 
Directors’ Report 
Pages 4-5 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 6-7

--- Page 147 ---
147 (169) 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 8 
Statement of Financial Position 
Page 9 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 10 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 11 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 12-17 
 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference lists but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference is given for information purposes only. 
 
Any statement contained herein or in a document all or the relevant portion of which is deemed 
to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any subsequent 
document all or the relative portion of which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Digital Securities remain outstanding, 
copies of the documents incorporated by reference will be available for inspection during 
normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) 
at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 148 ---
148 (169) 
ANNEX 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by CoinShares Digital Securities Limited under the 
Programme for the issue of Digital Index Securities and Digital Basket Securities 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [●] 20[●] 
CoinShares Digital Securities Limited 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 127061) 
LEI: 549300DR7967WVLR3P83 
Exchange Traded Products Programme for the issue of 
 
CoinShares Digital Securities 
 
Terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 3 March 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it 
dated [●]] (the "Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Digital Securities described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus (and any supplement thereto). 
 
These Final Terms relate to the issue of Digital Securities of CoinShares Digital Securities 
Limited (the “Issuer”). The Digital Securities have the terms provided for in the trust instrument 
dated 21 December 2020 as may be amended and supplemented by trust instruments 
supplemental thereto between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as 
trustee constituting the Digital Securities. Terms used in these Final Terms bear the same 
meaning as in the Base Prospectus. 
 
Full information on the Issuer and the Digital Securities is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus (together 
with any supplement thereto) is available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.coinshares.com. 
 
The Digital Securities are not shares or units in collective investment schemes within the 
meaning of Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 (“CISA”). They have 
not been approved by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA and are not 
subject to its supervision. The Digital Securities are not issued or guaranteed by a supervised 
financial intermediary within the meaning of CISA. 
 
[The Digital Securities are listed according to the Exchange Traded Product (ETP) Regulatory 
Standard of the SIX Swiss Exchange. The attention of the investors is drawn to the fact that, 
while the Issuer intends to maintain such listing, a delisting in accordance with the rules of the 
SIX Swiss Exchange can never be excluded and that therefore no assurance can be given 
that such listing at SIX Swiss Exchange will be maintained under any circumstances such as 
a material change of the regulatory characterisation of the product.]

--- Page 149 ---
149 (169) 
[Additional sales restrictions to be added, as appropriate] 
 
The Conditions, the Digital Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the laws of 
Jersey. The Security Deed is governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the 
submission to the jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deed, nothing 
prevents the Trustee from commencing proceedings in any other competent jurisdiction. 
 
These Final Terms relate to an issue of Digital Securities issued as Uncertificated Registered 
Securities.  
 
The particulars in relation to this issue of Digital Securities are as follows: 
 
Issuer: 
CoinShares Digital Securities Limited of 
[address] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Guarantor: 
N/A 
Guarantee: 
N/A 
Class [and Tranche] of Digital Securities to 
which these Final Terms relate: 
[●] 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
Principal Amount: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
See [Index Entitlement] [Basket Entitlement] 
below 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Swiss Security Number: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
Aggregate Number of 
Digital Securities to which these 
Final Terms relate: 
[●] 
Index underlying the Digital Index Security  
Types of Digital Currency 
underlying the Digital Basket Securities: 
 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
[Binance Coin]/ 
[Bitcoin]/ 
[EOS]/ 
[Ethereum]/ 
[Litecoin]/ 
[Polkadot]/ 
[Ripple]/ 
[Tezos]/ 
[Aave]/ 
[Algorand]/ 
[Arweave]/ 
[Audius]/ 
[Avalanche]/  
[Axie Infinity]/ 
[Cardano]/  
[Celo]/ 
[Chainlink]/  
[Compound]/ 
[Cosmos]/ 
[Decentraland]/ 
[Decentralised Social]/ 
[Elrond]/

--- Page 150 ---
150 (169) 
[Fantom]/ 
[Filecoin]/ 
[Flow]/ 
[Harmony]/ 
[Hedera Hashgraph]/ 
[Helium]/  
[Internet Computer]/ 
[Klaytn]/ 
[Kusama]/ 
[Maker]/ 
[NEAR Protocol]/  
[PancakeSwap]/  
[Polygon]/  
[Quant]/  
[Solana]/ 
[Stacks]/ 
[Stellar]/  
[Sushiswap]/ 
[Terra]/  
[The Graph]/  
[Thorchain]/  
[Tron]/  
[Uniswap]/  
[Waves]/  
[Yield Guild Games]/ 
[Index Entitlement] [Basket Entitlement] per 
Digital Security at Issue 
Date: 
[Binance Coin]/ 
[Bitcoin]/ 
[EOS]/ 
[Ethereum]/ 
[Litecoin]/ 
[Polkadot]/ 
[Ripple]/ 
[Tezos]/ 
[Aave]/ 
[Algorand]/ 
[Arweave]/ 
[Audius]/ 
[Avalanche]/  
[Axie Infinity]/ 
[Cardano]/  
[Celo]/ 
[Chainlink]/  
[Compound]/ 
[Cosmos]/ 
[Decentraland]/ 
[Decentralised Social]/ 
[Elrond]/ 
[Fantom]/ 
[Filecoin]/ 
[Flow]/ 
[Harmony]/ 
[Hedera Hashgraph]/ 
[Helium]/  
[Internet Computer]/ 
[Klaytn]/ 
[Kusama]/

--- Page 151 ---
151 (169) 
[Maker]/ 
[NEAR Protocol]/  
[PancakeSwap]/  
[Polygon]/  
[Quant]/  
[Solana]/ 
[Stacks]/ 
[Stellar]/  
[Sushiswap]/ 
[Terra]/  
[The Graph]/  
[Thorchain]/  
[Tron]/  
[Uniswap]/  
[Waves]/  
[Yield Guild Games]/ 
 
Annual Management Fee Rate: 
[●] 
Physical Delivery Fee: 
[●] 
Staking: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
N/A 
Entitlement Precision Level: 
[●] decimal places rounded [downwards] 
Delivery Precision Level: 
[●] decimal places rounded [downwards] 
Authorised Participant: 
[●] 
Duration of trading: 
Trading will commence on the date of the 
listing on [the SIX Swiss Exchange]/[●] 
(expected to be [●]). The Issuer intends to 
maintain such listing on the [SIX Swiss 
Exchange]/[●] until such time as trading in 
respect of the relevant class is discontinued. 
Form (Condition 4): 
Uncertificated Registered Securities 
Relevant Clearing System: 
[CREST]/[●] 
Relevant Stock Exchange: 
[●] 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made for the 
Digital Securities to which these Final Terms 
apply to be [listed and] admitted to trading on 
the [regulated market]/[multilateral trading 
facility] of [●] in [Austria]/[Belgium]/[Spain]/[ 
Germany]/[Italy]/[Luxembourg]/[the 
Netherlands]/[and] /[Sweden] [and] [other]. If 
such application is successful, the first date 
of trading in the Digital Securities on said 
market is expected to be [●].] / [Not 
Applicable] 
Person responsible for listing and admission 
to trading and/or for the Offer:  
[●] 
Minimum Trading Lot: 
1 Digital Security 
Minimum Investment Amount: 
See [Index Entitlement] [Basket Entitlement] 
above 
ECB eligibility: 
The Digital Securities are [not] expected to 
be ECB eligible. 
Responsibility: 
The Issuer has taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that the facts stated in these Final

--- Page 152 ---
152 (169) 
Terms are true and accurate in all material 
respects, and that there are no other facts 
the 
omission 
of 
which 
would 
make 
misleading any statement in these Final 
Terms, whether of facts or of opinion.  
 
Significant or Material Change: 
[There has been no significant change in the 
assets, financial or revenue position of the 
Issuer and no material adverse change in the 
financial position or prospects of the Issuer, 
in each case since the last audited annual 
financial statements of the Issuer]/[give 
details] 
 
 
 
 
 
Interests of natural and legal 
persons involved in the issue 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Products has an interest material to the offer] / 
[give details] 
Reasons of the offer and use 
of proceeds 
[As stated in the Prospectus] / [Specify]. 
Costs associated with the 
issuance: 
[●]/[Not applicable]. 
Authorisation: 
The issue of [●] was authorised by [●] on [●]. 
[Distribution:] 
[Not Applicable] / [An offer of the Products may be made by 
the Authorised Offerors other than pursuant to Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify relevant Member 
State(s) to which the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported] (Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction[s]) during the offer period. See further “Terms 
and Conditions of the Offer” below.] 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Offer: 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price]/[Not applicable]/[specify] 
Conditions to which the offer 
is subject: 
Offers of the Digital Securities are conditional upon their 
issue and, as between the Authorised Offeror(s) and their 
customers, any further conditions as may be agreed 
between them 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Description of the possibility 
to reduce subscriptions and 
manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Details of the minimum 
[Not Applicable] / [give details]

--- Page 153 ---
153 (169) 
and/or maximum amount of 
application 
Details of the method and 
time limited for paying up and 
delivery of the Digital 
Securities 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are made 
available to the public 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not 
exercised 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Whether tranche(s) have 
been reserved for certain 
countries/categories of 
investors 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Process for notification to 
applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Name(s) and address(es), to 
the extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the 
offer takes place 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Name and address of 
financial intermediary/ies 
authorised to use the Base 
Prospectus, as completed by 
these Final Terms (the 
“Authorised Offeror[s]”) 
[•] [and] [each Authorised Participant expressly named as 
an Authorised Offeror on the Issuer’s website ([insert 
Issuer’s web address])]. 
Information about the past 
and further performance of 
the Underlying Asset and its 
volatility can be obtained 
from: 
[Include type of Underlying Asset and details of where 
information about the past and future performance of the 
underlying asset and its volatility can be obtained.]

--- Page 154 ---
154 (169) 
ANNEX TO FINAL TERMS – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
 
[Issue specific summary of the Digital Securities to be inserted if (i) the Digital Securities are to be 
listed on a regulated market in the EEA or (ii) offered to the public in a member state of the EEA]

--- Page 155 ---
155 (169) 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION  
 
The following definitions apply throughout this Prospectus unless the context otherwise 
requires: 
 
“Administration Agreement” 
means the Administration Agreement dated 19 October 
2020, and the Amendment Agreement dated 29 November 
2021, between JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited (the 
“Administrator”) and CoinShares (Jersey) Limited pursuant 
to which the Administrator provides certain administration, 
company secretarial and registrar services to be provided by 
the Administrator to the Issuer; 
“Affiliate” means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Issuer means any Subsidiary or 
Holding Company of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of 
any such Holding Company; and 
(b) 
in relation to any other person or entity, any other 
person or entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
that person or entity, any other person or entity that 
controls, directly or indirectly, that person or entity, or 
any other person or entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with that person or entity; and for 
this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the 
entity or person; 
“Agency Agreement” 
means the Determination Agency Agreement, the Coin 
Sales Agency Agreement, the Staking Agency Agreement, 
the Custody Agreement, the Registrar Agreement and any 
other agreement made by the Issuer with a person under 
which such agent is appointed from time to time in relation 
to the Digital Securities or the Digital Securities of any class 
or classes; 
“Agency Agreement Default” 
in respect of the Digital Securities of any class, means an 
Event of Default in respect of such class falling within 
paragraph within paragraph (c) or (d) of the definition of 
“Event of Default” in Condition 12.9; 
“Agents” 
means the Determination Agent, the Coin Sales Agent, the 
Staking Agent, the Custodian and the Registrar or any of 
them and such other agent(s) as may be appointed from time 
to time in relation to the Digital Securities or the Digital 
Securities of any class or classes under the Determination 
Agency Agreement, the Coin Sales Agency Agreement, the 
Staking Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the 
Registrar Agreement or any other agreement with the Issuer 
under which such agent is appointed from time to time in 
relation to the Digital Securities or the Digital Securities of 
any class or classes, as applicable, and any successor or 
replacement and “Agent” means any of them;

--- Page 156 ---
156 (169) 
“Applicant” 
means an Authorised Participant who makes an Application 
for Digital Securities; 
“Application” 
in respect of Digital Securities, means an offer by an 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer to subscribe for Digital 
Securities; 
“Application Form” 
means an application form used in connection with the 
Programme; 
“Authorised Participant” 
means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities, any 
Eligible Authorised Participant that has entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer in relation 
to, inter alia¸ that class of Digital Securities; 
“Authorised Participant 
Agreement” 
means a written agreement between the Issuer and another 
person under which such person is appointed to act as an 
“Authorised Participant”, distribution agent or in a 
substantially similar function in relation to Digital Securities, 
or Digital Securities of any class or classes, and if such 
agreement is subject to conditions precedent, provided that 
such conditions have been satisfied; 
“Base Currency” 
means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities, the 
currency of denomination of the Digital Securities of the 
class, as specified in the Class Schedule; 
“Basket Entitlement” 
in respect of any class of Basket Securities has the meaning 
given in Condition 5.2; 
“Basket Security Rebalancing” has the meaning given in Condition 5A; 
“Board” 
means the board of directors of the Issuer or, as the context 
may require, the board of directors of the Issuer from time to 
time; 
“Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public 
holiday in England) on which commercial banks generally 
are open for the transaction of business in London; 
“Cash Settlement” 
in relation to the Redemption of any Digital Securities, 
means settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in 
respect thereof by sale of Digital Currency of each 
Underlying Type and payment of the net proceeds of sale to 
the relevant Security Holder in accordance with Condition 
7.12 (Payment of Cash on Redemption) or Condition 8.8 
(Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption); 
“Certificated” or “Certificated 
Form” 
means not in Uncertificated Form; 
“class” 
means a class of Digital Securities having the same ISIN or 
other similar identifier, whatever the date of issue thereof; 
“Class Schedule” 
means Schedule 6A (Classes of Index Securities and Basket 
Securities) to the Trust Instrument. The contents of the Class

--- Page 157 ---
157 (169) 
Schedule as at the date of this Prospectus are set out under 
the heading “Class Schedule” in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and 
Conditions) 
“Coin Entitlement” 
means, as at any date and in relation to a Digital Security of 
any class, the amount(s) of the Digital Currency of each 
Underlying Type to which (subject as provided in the 
Conditions) the Security Holder is entitled on Redemption of 
that Digital Security on that date calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5 (Coin Entitlement); 
“Coin 
Sales 
Agency 
Agreement” 
means the coin sales agreement entered into by the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Coin Sales Agent and the Determination 
Agent; 
“Coin Sales Agent” 
means CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited and 
any successor thereto or replacement thereof or any other 
entity appointed as coin sales agent in accordance with the 
terms of the Coin Sales Agency Agreement; 
“CoinShares Group” 
means CSIL and its Subsidiaries; 
“Compulsory Redemption” 
means a redemption of Digital Securities in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or 
Trustee) and “Compulsorily Redeemed” shall be construed 
accordingly; 
“Compulsory Redemption 
Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Compulsory Redemption 
Settlement Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Conditions” 
means the terms and conditions on and subject to which 
Digital Securities are issued in the form set out in Schedule 
2A (The Conditions – Index Securities and Basket 
Securities) to the Trust Instrument as the same may from 
time to time be modified in accordance with the Trust 
Instrument and any reference herein to a particular specified 
Condition or paragraph or sub-paragraph of such a 
Condition shall be construed accordingly; 
“Creation Fee” 
means the fee payable by an Applicant to the Issuer in 
respect of the issue of Digital Securities; 
“CREST” 
means the system for the paperless settlement of trades and 
the holding of uncertificated securities operated by CrestCo 
in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations; 
“CREST Business Day” 
means a day on which CREST is open for the purpose of 
effecting settlement of Digital Securities; 
“CrestCo” 
means Euroclear UK & International Limited (formerly known 
as CRESTCO Limited and Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited) 
incorporated in England and Wales under number 2878738;

--- Page 158 ---
158 (169) 
“CSIL” 
means CoinShares International Limited; 
“CSJL” 
means CoinShares (Jersey) Limited; 
“Custodian” 
means, in respect of a class of Digital Securities and Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type held by or for the Issuer 
in respect of such class, such party appointed as custodian 
and any successor or replacement thereto in accordance 
with the terms of a Custody Agreement; 
“Custody Agreement” 
means any custody agreement relating to Underlying Assets 
entered into by the Issuer and each Custodian and any other 
relevant party; 
“Delivery Default” 
in respect of any Digital Security, means an Event of Default 
in respect of such Digital Security falling within paragraph (a) 
of the definition of “Event of Default” in Condition 12.9; 
“Delivery Precision Level” 
means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities and 
Underlying Type, the level specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Determination Agency 
Agreement”  
means the determination agency agreement entered into by 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Determination Agent; 
“Determination Agent” 
means CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited and 
any successor thereto or replacement thereof or any other 
entity appointed as determination agent in accordance with 
the terms of the Determination Agency Agreement; 
“Determination Agent Breach” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Digital Basket Securities” or 
“Basket Securities” 
means undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of 
the Issuer constituted by the Trust Instrument of any of the 
classes specified in Part A of the Class Schedule; 
“Digital Currency” 
means money, scrip or other representation of value or 
contractual rights that can only be exchanged electronically 
on a Distributed Ledger (including, without limitation, each 
Underlying Type) and “Digital Currencies” shall be construed 
accordingly; 
“Digital Currency Index” or 
“Index” 
means an index of Digital Currencies  
“Digital Index Security” or 
“Index Security” 
means undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of 
the Issuer constituted by the Trust Instrument of any of the 
classes specified in Part B of the Class Schedule; 
“Digital Individual Security” or 
“Individual Security” 
means undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of 
the Issuer constituted by the Trust Instrument of any of the 
classes specified in Schedule 6 (Classes of Digital 
Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Digital Security” 
means a Digital Index Security or a Digital Basket Security 
and “Digital Securities” is to be construed accordingly;

--- Page 159 ---
159 (169) 
“Digital Wallet” 
in relation to a Security Holder means the digital wallet of the 
Security Holder which will be used to receive or send Digital 
Currency; 
“Directors” 
means the directors of the Issuer, being at the date of this 
document the persons whose names are listed as such 
under the heading “Directors, Secretary and Advisers” 
below; 
“Distributed Ledger” 
means 
a 
single, 
sequenced, 
standardised 
and 
cryptographically secured record of activity to be shared 
among and acted upon by multiple participants; 
“EEA” 
means the European Economic Area; 
“Eligible Authorised 
Participant” 
means a person with whom the Issuer may lawfully enter into 
an Authorised Participant Agreement and observe and 
perform the terms thereof and who meets any other 
conditions of eligibility determined from time to time by the 
Issuer; 
“Entitlement Precision Level” 
means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities and 
Underlying Type, the level specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“EU” 
means the European Union; 
“Event of Default” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Exchange Business Day” 
means, in relation to any class of Digital Securities, a day on 
which the Relevant Stock Exchange (or any of them) is open 
for business; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Fork Event” 
means the splitting of the code base underlying the 
Distributed Ledger applicable to a Digital Currency, 
potentially creating two or more Distributed Ledgers which 
may or may not be incompatible with each other, one in 
respect of that Digital Currency and one or more in respect 
of a different Digital Currency; 
“Holding Company” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the 
Companies Act 2006 of the United Kingdom; 
“Index Entitlement” 
in respect of any class of Index Securities has the meaning 
given in Condition 5.3; 
“Index Security Rebalancing” 
has the meaning given in Condition 5B; 
“Index Sponsor” 
means, in respect of an Index and a class of Index 
Securities, the Index Sponsor specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 160 ---
160 (169) 
“Issuer” 
means CoinShares Digital Securities Limited, a company 
incorporated and registered in Jersey with registered 
number 127061; 
“Issuer Business Day” 
means a day which is both a Business Day and a Jersey 
Business Day; 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Issuer’s Website” 
means the website having the following internet address: 
https://www.coinshares.com/ or such other internet address 
as may be used by the Issuer and notified to Security 
Holders and the Trustee. Information on the Issuer’s website 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information has been incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus; 
“Jersey” 
means the Bailiwick of Jersey, Channel Islands; 
“Jersey Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public 
holiday in Jersey) on which commercial banks generally are 
open for the transaction of business in Jersey; 
“Liability” 
means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense 
(including, but not limited to, legal costs and expenses) or 
demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on 
any judgment, assessment, fees or amounts paid in 
settlement of any action or claim, and “Liabilities” shall be 
construed accordingly; 
“Listing” 
in respect of a class of Digital Securities, means the 
admission of that class of Digital Securities to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Union or Switzerland for 
listed securities becoming effective; 
“Management Fee” 
means in respect of a class of Digital Securities the 
management fee payable by the Issuer to the Programme 
Manager or any Affiliate or successor of the Programme 
Manager in consideration for the provision by the 
Programme Manager or any Affiliate of the Programme 
Manager of all management and administration services in 
relation to the Programme, as set out in the Prospectus, as 
that amount may be adjusted from time to time as set out in 
the Prospectus, provided that, notwithstanding and without 
prejudice to any statement in the Prospectus, the Issuer may 
implement any temporary or permanent reduction in the 
Management Fee in relation to Digital Securities of any 
Staking Class in accordance with Condition 5.3; 
“New York Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public 
holiday in New York) on which commercial banks generally 
are open for the transaction of business in New York City; 
“outstanding” 
means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the Trust 
Instrument and the Security Deed, in relation to a class of

--- Page 161 ---
161 (169) 
Digital Securities and any date, all the Digital Securities 
issued on or prior to such date other than: 
a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with 
Condition 8; 
b) 
those that have been cancelled for any reason; 
c) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the Redemption Amount has been duly 
delivered or paid to the Trustee, and which remain 
available for payment against surrender of Digital 
Securities; 
d) 
those that have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed; 
e) 
those which have been issued and which are 
pending settlement to an Authorised Participant but 
in respect of which the relevant Authorised 
Participant(s) has not delivered or paid in full the 
relevant subscription amount under the Authorised 
Participant Agreement; and 
f) 
those that have been purchased, settled and 
cancelled or held as Treasury Securities as provided 
in Condition 7 (Redemption of Digital Securities) or 
Condition 8 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer 
or Trustee) and Condition 16 (Treasury Securities) 
(as applicable), 
provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right 
to attend and vote at any meeting of the Security Holders or 
participate in any resolution in writing of the Security 
Holders, (2) the determination of how many Digital Securities 
are outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, the Trust 
Instrument and the Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any 
discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, 
expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the 
interests of the Security Holders, those Digital Securities that 
are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any 
Affiliate of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no 
longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Digital Securities (if any) which 
the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such date to issue but in 
respect of which delivery or payment of the relevant 
subscription amount has not been received in full from the 
relevant Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to such 
relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall 
not be deemed to be “outstanding” on such date; 
“Physical Delivery” 
in relation to the Redemption of any Digital Security, means 
delivery of Digital Currency of each Underlying Type in 
accordance with Condition 7.11 (Delivery of Assets on

--- Page 162 ---
162 (169) 
Redemption) or Condition 8.7 (Delivery of Underlying Assets 
on Compulsory Redemption); 
“Physical Delivery Fee” 
means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities and 
Underlying Type, the fee specified as such, expressed as a 
percentage of the applicable Coin Entitlement, in the Class 
Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other amount which (a) in the case of 
an increase to the Physical Delivery Fee in respect of any 
class of Digital Securities or any Underlying Type, shall be 
notified to the Security Holders in respect of such class by 
an RIS announcement no less than 30 days prior to such 
increased fee becoming effective; or (b) in the case of a 
decrease to the Physical Delivery Fee in respect of any class 
of Digital Securities or any Underlying Type, shall be 
applicable with effect from such date (which may be 
retrospective) as may be determined by the Issuer and 
notified to Security Holders by an RIS announcement as 
soon as practicable after such determination; 
“Pool” 
means a separate pool of assets to which Digital Securities 
of a particular class are attributable; 
“Principal Amount” 
means, in respect of each class of Digital Securities, the 
amount specified as such in the Class Schedule, being 
currently as set out under the heading “Class Schedule” in 
Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions); 
“Programme” 
means the programme for the issue of Digital Securities by 
the Issuer; 
“Programme Document” 
means, in respect of each class of Digital Securities, each of 
the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed, each Custody 
Agreement, the Determination Agency Agreement, the Coin 
Sales Agency Agreement, the Staking Agency Agreement, 
the Registrar Agreement, any other Agency Agreement, and 
each Authorised Participant Agreement and “Programme 
Documents” means all such documents; 
“Programme Manager” 
means CoinShares (Jersey) Limited or any successor 
thereto; 
“Programme Party” 
means a party to a Programme Document (other than the 
Issuer and the Security Holders); 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor” 
means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of 
section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), subject 
to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which 
section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity 
whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the 
foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 
2510.3 101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be 
modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity,

--- Page 163 ---
163 (169) 
any governmental or church plan that is subject to any U.S. 
Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code, or any person who holds Digital Securities on behalf 
of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or 
entity; 
"Prohibited Coin" 
means any Cryptoasset(s) which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Issuer, falls within any of the following categories, in 
each case as determined by the Issuer on the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of Securities: 
(a) any stable coin (including asset-references tokens 
and electronic money tokens) where the relevant 
protocols and rules governing such stable coin do not 
provide for prudent collateralisation requirements: 
(b) any Cryptoasset which rules and protocols hide or 
obscure transactions on its blockchain by way of 
anonymising the origin and destination of transacted 
coins or tokens, the amount transacted and/or 
balances of wallet address; and/or 
(c) any Cryptoasset which is regarded as a "meme coin", 
and which has all of the following characteristics: (i) 
such Cryptoasset being considered by the broad 
investment community to be a "meme coin"; (ii) being 
associated with comical or animated memes; and (iii) 
having no intrinsic utility or functionality; 
“Prospectus” 
means this base prospectus of the Issuer in relation to the 
Digital Securities, as the same may be modified, 
supplemented or amended from time to time; 
“Rebalancing” 
means a Basket Security Rebalancing or an Index Security 
Rebalancing; 
“Rebalancing Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Redemption” 
means the redemption of Digital Securities by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions (and “Redeem” shall be 
construed accordingly); 
“Redemption Amount” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Redemption Deductions” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Redemption Fee” 
means the fee payable by a Security Holder on the 
redemption of Digital Securities pursuant to Condition 10 
(Redemption Fee); 
“Redemption Notice” 
means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary in 
content depending on the method of Redemption required or 
elected for such Digital Securities and the form in which the 
Digital Securities are held) prescribed from time to time by 
the Issuer for requesting Redemption of Digital Securities;

--- Page 164 ---
164 (169) 
“Redemption Notice Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Redemption Obligations” 
means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a Digital 
Security to make payment or deliver Digital Currency of each 
Underlying Type to the relevant Security Holder in 
accordance with the Conditions; 
“Register” 
with respect to each class of Digital Securities issued in 
registered form or in dematerialised uncertificated registered 
form, means the register maintained in Jersey by the 
Registrar of persons holding the Digital Securities of that 
class; 
“Registrar” 
with respect to a class of Digital Securities issued in 
registered form or in dematerialised uncertificated registered 
form, means such party as may be appointed by the Issuer 
from time to time to maintain the Register; 
“Registrar Agreement” 
with respect to a class of Digital Securities issued in 
registered form or in dematerialised uncertificated registered 
form, means the Agreement for the provision of Registry and 
Associated Services entered into between the Registrar, the 
Issuer and the Trustee; 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” 
means, in relation to any class of Digital Securities, the stock 
exchange or market specified in the Prospectus (including 
the applicable Final Terms as defined in the Prospectus) 
and/or any other stock exchange on which Digital Securities 
of that class may be admitted to listing or trading; 
“repay”, “redeem” and “pay” 
shall each include both the others and cognate expressions 
shall be construed accordingly; 
“RIS” 
means a regulated information service for the purposes of 
giving information relating to the Digital Securities, or the 
Digital Securities of any class or classes, under the rules of 
the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from 
time to time; 
“Secured Creditor” 
in respect of any class of Digital Securities means the 
Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of such class; 
“Secured Property” 
means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities and any 
Pool, subject as provided in the Security Deed, (a) all rights 
of the Issuer under each Custody Agreement (i) to and in 
relation to the Digital Currencies held pursuant to the 
Custody Agreement to the extent that the same relate to the 
relevant Pool; and (ii) to the extent that such rights apply to 
deliveries or payments due in respect of Digital Securities of 
that class, or any part thereof, and (b) all rights of the Issuer 
in relation to the Digital Currency held for the relevant Pool, 
in each case which are subject to the security created in 
favour of the Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed as it 
applies in respect of such class;

--- Page 165 ---
165 (169) 
“Secured Wallet” 
means a Digital Wallet maintained with the Custodian in the 
name of the Issuer pursuant to the Custody Agreement; 
“Securities Act” 
means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended; 
“Security” 
means, in respect of each Pool, the security constituted by 
the Security Deed to the extent applicable to such Pool; 
“Security Deed” 
means the Security Deed dated 21 December 2020 between 
the Issuer and the Trustee and, in respect of each Pool to 
which a class of Digital Securities is attributable, the same 
as it applies to that Pool; 
“Security Holder” 
means the person in whose name a Digital Security is 
registered; 
“Security Holder Account” 
means: 
a) 
in relation to any Digital Securities to be Redeemed 
by Physical Delivery, a Digital Wallet able to receive 
the relevant Digital Currency; and 
b) 
in relation to any Digital Securities to be Redeemed 
by Cash Settlement and any other payment specified 
to be due by the Issuer to a Security Holder under 
these Conditions, an account in US Dollars, 
which, in the case of an Authorised Participant, shall be 
notified in writing for such purposes by the Authorised 
Participant to the Issuer and the Trustee from time to time, 
and in the case of a Security Holder who is not an Authorised 
Participant, shall be as specified in the applicable 
Redemption Notice; 
“Service Agreement” 
means the Service Agreement dated 21 December 2020 (as 
amended from time to time), between CSJL or an Affiliate or 
successor of CSJL and the Issuer providing for certain 
services to be provided by CSJL or an Affiliate or successor 
of CSJL to the Issuer in relation to the Digital Securities; 
“Settlement Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” 
means SIX Swiss Exchange AG or its market for listed 
securities (or any of such markets if the SIX Swiss Exchange 
has at any time more than one such market), as the context 
may require; 
“Staking Agency Agreement” 
means the staking agency agreement entered into by the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Staking Agent and the Determination 
Agent; 
“Staking Agent” 
means CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited and 
any successor thereto or replacement thereof or any other

--- Page 166 ---
166 (169) 
entity appointed as staking agent in accordance with the 
terms of the Staking Agency Agreement; 
“Subsidiary” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the 
Companies Act 2006 of the United Kingdom; 
“Swiss Paying Agent” 
means State Street Bank International GmbH and any 
successor or replacement thereof; 
“Tax” 
means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever 
nature (including, without limitation, any tax on income, 
profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, value 
added tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, excise, 
severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax 
or duty or any other similar tax, duty or charge) imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, 
applicable tax authority or jurisdiction; 
“Tranche” 
means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities issued on 
any date, the Digital Securities of that class that are issued 
on the same date with the same Principal Amount; 
“Treasury Securities” 
means Digital Securities held by an Affiliate of the Issuer 
either (a) which have been issued without delivery to the 
Issuer of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type 
pursuant to Condition 14.3 or (b) the rights of the Issuer in 
respect of the Underlying Assets relating to which have been 
released from the security constituted by the Security Deed 
pursuant to Condition 16.1(b) or (c) which are otherwise held 
in accordance with Condition 16.1 (Treasury Securities); 
“Trust Instrument” 
means the trust instrument dated 21 December 2020 
between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the Security Holders 
including the Schedules thereto and any trust instrument 
supplemental thereto and the schedules (if any) thereto; 
“Trustee” 
means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
appointed as such under the Trust Instrument and includes 
any replacement trustee under the Trust Instrument; 
“uncertificated”, 
“Uncertificated”, 
“uncertificated form” and 
“Uncertificated Form” 
means recorded on the Register as being held in 
uncertificated form, title to which, by virtue of the 
Uncertificated Regulations, may be transferred by means of 
CREST; 
“Uncertificated Notice of 
Meeting”  
means in relation to any Digital Securities in Uncertificated 
Form an uncertificated notice of meeting in accordance with 
the rules and operating procedures applicable to CREST; 
“Uncertificated Regulations” 
means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) 
Order 1999;

--- Page 167 ---
167 (169) 
“Underlying Assets” 
in respect of any class of Digital Securities, means the Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type held by or for the Issuer 
in respect of such class; 
“Underlying Type” 
in respect of any class of Digital Securities, means the types 
of Digital Currency specified in the Class Schedule or, if not 
in the Class Schedule, in the applicable Final Terms; 
“United Kingdom” or “UK” 
means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland; 
“United States” or “U.S.” 
means the United States of America, its territories and 
possessions, any state of the United States and the District 
of Columbia; 
“US Dollars” or “US$” or 
“USD”  
means United States dollars; and 
“VAT” 
means value added tax. 
 
References in this document to a particular time are, unless otherwise stated, references to 
the time applicable in London, United Kingdom. References in this document to any legislation 
of the European Union includes reference to such legislation as it applies in the United 
Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the United Kingdom. 
 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement, deed, 
prospectus or document includes a reference to such agreement, deed, prospectus or 
document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from time to time and 
unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires references in this document to any 
statute or any provision of any statute include a reference to any statutory modification or re-
enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or any 
such modification or re-enactment, in each case in force as at the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 168 ---
168 (169) 
DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
 
 
Directors of the Issuer 
Jeri-Lea Brown 
Townsend Lansing 
Kirsty Lawrence 
Stuart Pinnington 
 
Secretary of the Issuer 
CoinShares Corporate Services (Jersey) Limited 
Registered office of the 
Issuer and address of the 
directors and secretary of 
the Issuer 
The address of all the Directors and the Secretary of the 
Issuer is the registered office of the Issuer, which is: 
 
Second floor 
2 Hill Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE2 4UA 
Channel Islands 
 
Programme Manager of the 
Issuer 
CoinShares (Jersey) Limited 
Second floor 
2 Hill Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE2 4UA 
Channel Islands 
 
Administrator of the Issuer 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited 
28 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE2 3QA 
Determination Agent, Coin 
Sales Agent and Staking 
Agent 
CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited 
Second Floor 
2 Hill Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE2 4AU 
Channel Islands 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
8th Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
Custodian 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited 
Third floor 
2 Hill Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE2 4UA 
Channel Islands

--- Page 169 ---
169 (169) 
English legal advisers to 
the Issuer 
W Legal Limited 
47 Red Lion Street 
London WC1R 4PF 
United Kingdom 
Jersey legal advisers to the 
Issuer 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
Channel Islands 
Swedish legal advisers to 
the Issuer 
AG Advokat KB 
Regeringsgatan 38 
PO Box 3124 
SE-103 62 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Swiss legal advisers to the 
Issuer 
Niederer Kraft Frey Ltd 
Bahnhofstrasse 53 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Swiss Paying Agent 
State Street Bank International GmbH 
Munich, Zürich Branch 
Beethovenstrasse 19 
8027 Zurich 
Switzerland 
English legal advisers to 
the Trustee 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street, 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Jersey legal advisers to the 
Trustee 
Ogiers 
44 Esplanade, 
St Helier 
Jersey, JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited 
PO Box 437, First Floor, 
Kensington Chambers, 
46 – 50 Kensington Place 
St Helier 
Jersey, JE4 0ZE 
Channel Islands 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
13 Castle Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
Channel Islands