--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2024 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 (1) of Regulation 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2 point (c) of the Prospectus Regulation under 
the Programme (as defined below) by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. 
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
(Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Additional Tier 1 Notes Programme 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference herein, the "Base Prospectus"), Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft ("Commerzbank", the "Bank" or the "Issuer", together with its subsidiaries "Commerzbank Group" or the "Group"), subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue bearer notes (together the "Notes") that are intended 
to qualify as additional tier 1 instruments (the "Additional Tier 1 Instruments"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme") outstanding will not at any time exceed 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
The initial nominal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices of the Notes and all 
other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Tranche of Notes (as defined below) will be set out in the document containing 
the final terms (each "Final Terms") within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("Luxembourg"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg law relating to prospectuses for 
securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 
2017/1129 du Parlement européen et du Conseil du 14 juin 2017 concernant le prospectus à publier en cas d’offre au public de valeurs mobilières 
ou en vue de l’admission de valeurs mobilières à la négociation sur un marché réglementé, et abrogeant la directive 2003/71/CE, as amended 
the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer (as defined below) that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and the quality of the Notes (as defined below) that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes (ad defined below). By approving a 
prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
Application has been made to list the Notes to be issued under this Programme on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
admit the Notes to trading on the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended) ("MiFID II"). Notes issued under the Programme may also be listed on the "Euro MTF" market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
which is a multilateral trading facility within the meaning of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange or may be 
unlisted, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer (www.commerzbank.com). Information contained on any website mentioned in this 
Base Prospectus, including the website of Commerzbank, unless incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months after its approval. The validity will expire on 5 June 2025. There is no obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies, regardless of 
whether this Base Prospectus is still valid or not. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where such offer or 
solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may 
be offered and sold only outside the United States of America to Non-U.S. Persons in Offshore Transactions in reliance on Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the United Kingdom ("UK") or 
elsewhere. 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. For a discussion of certain significant factors affecting investments in the Notes, see 
"2 Risk Factors". An investment in the Notes is suitable only for financially sophisticated investors who are capable of evaluating the 
merits and risks of such investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses which may result from such 
investment. 
Co-Arrangers 
COMMERZBANK 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
COMMERZBANK 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK 
EUROPE SE 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft with its registered office in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, is 
solely responsible for the information given in this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained 
in any Final Terms (as defined below). 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any other documents incorporated herein 
by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any tranche of Notes (the "Tranche" or "Tranche of Notes") is only 
available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement and the Final Terms applicable 
to such Tranche of Notes. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers (as defined herein) or any of them. None of the Dealers 
has independently verified the Base Prospectus and none of them assumes any responsibility for the accuracy of 
the information and statements contained in this Base Prospectus and no representations express or implied are 
made by the Dealers or their affiliates as to the accuracy and completeness of the information and statements 
herein. 
Neither the Co-Arrangers (as defined herein) nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base 
Prospectus, except for the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. The Dealers have not 
independently verified any such information and accept no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms do not constitute an offer of Notes or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to purchase 
any Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus, Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Notes should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Dealers to a recipient of this Base Prospectus 
and/or of such other information that such recipient should purchase any Notes. 
The Notes have not been and are not being offered to the public within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation 
and no offering of the Notes was or is subject to the obligation to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation. Offers will be made to qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) only. No action has 
been or may be taken to permit an offer of Notes to the public within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. The English language Terms and Conditions of the Notes are 
shown in the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes for additional information. It 
should be noted, however, that the German text of the Terms and Conditions of a Tranche of Notes shall be 
controlling and legally binding. 
Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto is brought 
before a court, the plaintiff investor might, under national law, have to bear the costs of translating the Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates 
of publications. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto any Final Terms nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of the Notes shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to its respective date of publications or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and 
delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus, any supplements thereto and any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of the restrictions applicable in the 
European Economic Area, the United States of America and its territories, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 
Northern Ireland, the Republic of Italy, Hong Kong, Singapore and the Commonwealth of Australia see "9.3 Selling 
Restrictions" on pages 184 et seq. of this Base Prospectus. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Notes Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to tax law requirements of the

--- Page 3 ---
3 
United States of America; subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States of America or to United States persons.  
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. It, any supplements thereto 
and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer 
or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Some figures (including percentages) in the Base Prospectus have been rounded in accordance with commercial 
rounding and therefore do not necessarily add up exactly to the respective totals or subtotals. 
References to "EUR", "Euro" and "€" are to the euro, the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the treaty on the European Union, as amended. References to "USD" or "U.S. dollar" are to the official currency 
of the United States of America. References to "PLN" are to the official currency of Poland. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or 
appropriate investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, 
regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Notes to retail investors. In the 
EEA, these laws, regulations or guidance comprise MiFID II and the PRIIPs Regulation, and in the UK, the Product 
Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 2015 as published by the 
U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the "PI Instrument"), UK MiFIR, certain provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as they form part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK Delegated Regulation"), and the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. Together, these laws, regulations or guidance are referred to as the "Regulations".  
The Regulations set out various obligations in relation to (i) the manufacture and distribution of financial instruments 
and the (ii) offering, sale and distribution of packaged retail and insurance-based investment products and certain 
contingent write-down or convertible securities such as the Notes. 
The Dealers are required to comply with some or all of the Regulations. By purchasing, or making or accepting an 
offer to purchase any Notes (or a beneficial interest in the Notes) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers each prospective 
investor represents, warrants, agrees with and undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Dealers that: 
(1) 
(A) 
it is not a retail investor; and; 
 
(B) 
it is not a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of 
MiFID II;

--- Page 4 ---
4 
(2) 
whether or not it is subject to the Regulations: 
 
(A) 
it will not sell or offer the Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) to retail investors; or 
 
(B) 
it will not communicate (including the distribution of the Base Prospectus) or approve an invitation or 
inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where 
that invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received 
by a retail investor;  
 
and in selling or offering the Notes or making or approving communications relating to the Notes it may not 
rely on the limited exemptions set out in the PI Instrument or the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS");  
(3) 
if it is a person in Hong Kong, it is a 'professional investor' as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; and 
(4) 
it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or 
outside the EEA or the UK) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the Notes (or any 
beneficial interests therein), including (without limitation) MiFID II or UK Delegated Regulation and any other 
such laws, regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the appropriateness and/or suitability 
of an investment in the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) by investors in any relevant jurisdiction. 
For the purposes of this provision: the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; or (iii) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of the UK 
Delegated Regulation. 
Each prospective investor further acknowledges that: 
(1) 
the identified target market for the Notes (for the purposes of the product governance obligations in MiFID II 
or UK Delegated Regulation) is eligible counterparties and professional clients;  
(2) 
no key information document (KID) under the PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation; and 
(3) 
no key information document (KID) under the UK PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an 
offer to purchase, any Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) from the Issuer and/or any of the Dealers, the 
foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding on both the 
agent and its underlying client(s). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules") and/or the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Co-Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act – Product Classification Notification 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the "SFA"), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA), that the Notes to be issued under this Base Prospectus are "prescribed capital markets 
products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any supplement hereto and/or any Final Terms) contains 
a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should 
refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars 
of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that 
does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates 
of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms 
and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", 
"will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements 
in this Base Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding 
Commerzbank's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory 
conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer 
makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties 
and other factors which could cause actual results, including Commerzbank's financial condition and results of 
operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or 
described in these forward-looking statements. Commerzbank's business is also subject to a number of risks and 
uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become 
inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Base Prospectus: 
"2.1 Risk Factors relating to the Commerzbank Group" and "7 COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT". These 
sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on Commerzbank's business and 
the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update 
any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S 
REGISTRATION 
On each Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes), the rate of interest payable 
under the Notes will reset and may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. These reference rates 
include certain mid-swap rates which may be provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"), if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. IBA does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) (the "ESMA Register") 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that IBA is not currently required 
to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence. 
In case Notes are issued which make reference to another benchmark or in case there was a change to any of the 
above mentioned benchmarks, the applicable Final Terms will specify the name of the specific benchmark and the 
relevant administrator. In such case, the applicable Final Terms will further specify if the relevant administrator is

--- Page 6 ---
6 
included in the ESMA Register or whether the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as stabilisation manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilisation manager) 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilisation manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................... 8 
2 
RISK FACTORS.......................................................................................................................................... 16 
3 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ............................................................................................................................... 58 
4 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................... 59 
OPTION I: TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES ISSUED IN EURO................................................. 59 
OPTION II: TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES ISSUED IN U.S. DOLLAR ................................. 101 
5 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 147 
6 
DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT, REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS, REGULATORY 
RATIOS AND PAYMENT RESTRICTIONS .............................................................................................. 157 
7 
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT ........................................................................................... 164 
8 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................ 180 
9 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................ 184 
10 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................... 188 
11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 190

--- Page 8 ---
8 
1 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
1.1 
General 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Additional Tier 1 Notes Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes to 
one or more of the following dealers: Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, 
UBS AG London Branch and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers" and each a "Dealer"). 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and UBS AG London Branch act as co-arrangers in respect of the Programme 
(the "Co-Arrangers"). 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft acts as paying agent and as calculation agent, unless another paying agent or 
calculation agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). Under the Dealer Agreement (as defined 
herein), the nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme may be increased, subject to the 
satisfaction of certain conditions set out therein. In that event a supplement to this Base Prospectus or an updated 
Base Prospectus will be prepared. 
Notes will be issued in Tranches, each Tranche consisting of Notes, which are identical in all respects. One or more 
Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and identical in all respects, but 
having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments may 
form a series of Notes (the "Series"). Further Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series. The specific terms 
of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, 
EUR 200,000, and if in U.S. dollar, USD 200,000. 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under any Notes issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated 
with an investment in the Notes. These risks are set out under the section "2 Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. 
Application has been made by the Issuer to list the Notes to be issued under the Programme on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Notes issued under 
the Programme may also be listed on the "Euro MTF" market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a 
multilateral trading facility within the meaning of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange 
or may be unlisted all as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes. See the section "9.3 Selling Restrictions" under 
"9 Subscription and Sale of the Notes" below. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented by one or more global notes (each a "Global Note"). 
Each Global Note will either be (i) deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels or 
(ii) be kept in custody by or on behalf of Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic of Germany and any successor in its capacity as clearing system, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant clearing system. 
1.2 
General Description of the Notes 
The information set out below provides an overview of material terms of any Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme. Since the Final Terms and characteristics of the Notes as well as the terms of the offer will only be 
determined when the Notes are offered and/or listed on a regulated market in the member states of the European 
Union, such information and the Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out below should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes. 
In the event of any inconsistency between this overview of the notes and the information provided elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms, the latter shall prevail.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Terms used in this overview and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Issuer 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by Commerzbank 
for general corporate and financing purposes and to strengthen or maintain 
its Tier 1 regulatory capital base, which will also impact other key metrics of 
regulatory requirements such as the leverage ratio and MREL (as defined 
below), unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms applicable to a specific 
Tranche of Notes. 
Notes 
Undated Non-Cumulative Fixed to Reset Rate Additional Tier 1 Notes.  
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfill its 
obligations under the Notes that may be issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors that are material for the purpose of 
assessing the risks associated with an investment in the Notes. These risks 
are set out under the section "2 Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. 
Optional Redemption Date 
The Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes shall specify one more dates on which 
the Issuer may call the Notes for redemption, the first such date not falling 
earlier than on the fifth anniversary of the issue of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. 
Maturity 
The Notes shall have no scheduled maturity date and only provide for 
termination rights of the Issuer (see "Termination Rights of the Issuer" below) 
but not for termination rights of the Holders (as defined below). 
 
"Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other right in 
the Notes. 
Denominations of Notes 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, 
EUR 200,000, and if in U.S. dollar, USD 200,000. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes shall constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, ranking pari passu among themselves and, subject to applicable 
law from time to time and as specified below, pari passu with all other equally 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
If resolution measures are imposed on the Issuer, or in the event of the 
dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or composition of the Issuer, or if other 
proceedings are opened for the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the 
Issuer, the obligations under the Notes shall rank 
(A) 
junior to (i) the claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including, but not limited to, claims against the Issuer under its non-
preferred senior debt instruments within the meaning of § 46f(6) 
sentence 1 KWG), (ii) the claims specified in § 39(1) nos. 1 to 5 InsO, 
(iii) the claims of subordinated creditors of the Issuer which do not, 
pursuant to § 2(3) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, rank pari 
passu with, or junior to, the claims under the Notes, (iv) all other claims 
of creditors of the Issuer which pursuant to mandatory law (including 
pursuant to § 46f(7a) sentence 3 KWG) have to be satisfied with 
priority to AT1 Instruments unless already captured in (i) through (iii), 
and (v) the claims under Tier 2 Instruments (the obligations of the 
Issuer referred to in (i) through (v), together the "Senior Ranking 
Obligations"); provided that in any such event, no amounts shall be 
payable in respect of the Notes until the Senior Ranking Obligations 
have been satisfied in full; 
(B) 
pari passu with the claims against the Issuer under other AT1 
Instruments and claims under other instruments which pursuant to 
mandatory provisions of law rank pari passu with AT1 Instruments; 
and

--- Page 10 ---
10 
(C) 
senior to the claims in respect of common equity tier 1 items of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 26 CRR, in particular (but not limited to) 
claims under ordinary shares. 
If the Notes in their entirety no longer qualify as AT1 Instruments or other 
own funds instruments within the meaning of Article 4(1) no. 119 CRR, the 
obligations under the Notes will, pursuant to § 46f(7a) KWG rank in priority 
to all obligations under own funds instruments. 
"AT1 Instrument" means any capital instrument of the Issuer that qualifies 
as additional tier 1 instrument pursuant to Article 52 CRR at the relevant time.  
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended or replaced from time to time, in particular by the Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012; to the extent 
that any provisions of the CRR are amended or replaced, the reference to 
provisions of the CRR as used in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall 
refer to such amended provisions or successor provisions from time to time. 
"InsO" means of the German Insolvency Statute (Insolvenzordnung), as 
amended or replaced from time to time; to the extent that any provisions of 
the InsO are amended or replaced, the reference to provisions of the InsO as 
used in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from time to time. 
"KWG" means the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz), as amended 
or replaced from time to time; to the extent that any provisions of the KWG 
are amended or replaced, the reference to provisions of the KWG as used in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to time. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any capital instrument or subordinated loan 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as a Tier 2 instrument pursuant to 
Article 63 CRR at the relevant time. 
Note on payment restrictions 
prior to an insolvency 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in relation to a compulsory 
cancellation of interest (see also "Compulsory Cancellation of Interest" 
below) and in relation to a redemption shall include the conditions that, on the 
date on which the relevant amount of principal or interest is scheduled to be 
paid,  
(i) 
the Issuer is neither over-indebted within the meaning of § 19 InsO 
nor illiquid within the meaning of § 17 InsO on the date of the relevant 
payment; and  
(ii) 
the payment of the relevant amount would not result in an over-
indebtedness within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquidity within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO of the Issuer. 
This means that irrespective of, and even prior to, the opening of any 
insolvency or liquidation proceedings over the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer 
shall not make a scheduled payment of interest or principal if  
(i) 
the Issuer is over-indebted within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquid 
within the meaning of § 17 InsO on the date of the relevant payment, 
or 
(ii) 
the payment of the relevant amount would result in an over-
indebtedness within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquidity within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO of the Issuer.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Such a prohibition on payment may be in effect for an indefinite period of time 
and even permanently. 
No set-off, no security 
No Holder may set off his claims arising under the Notes against any claims 
of the Issuer. No collateral or guarantee is, shall at any time be, provided 
securing claims of the Holders under the Notes. Any collateral or guarantee 
already provided or granted in the future (as the case may be) in connection 
with other liabilities of the Issuer may not be used for claims under the Notes. 
Note on the possibility of 
statutory resolution measures 
Prior to any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under bank resolution laws 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time, the competent resolution authority 
may write down (including to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes, convert them into equity (e.g. ordinary shares of the Issuer) or apply 
any other resolution measure, including (but not limited to) any transfer of the 
obligations to another entity, an amendment of the Terms and Conditions or 
a cancellation of the Notes. 
Interest Payments 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer will (subject to 
the provisions set out below, see "Discretionary Cancellation of Interest" and 
"Compulsory Cancellation of Interest") from (and including) the relevant issue 
date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes, owe 
Interest Payments at the applicable Rate of Interest (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and specified in the applicable Final Terms of a 
Tranche of Notes), calculated on the basis of the nominal amount of the Notes 
from time to time (which may be lower than the Original Nominal Amount (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Notes (cf. "Write-down of the 
Redemption Amount and the Nominal Amount of the Notes" below)) and 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), subject to having accrued and being payable under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
For more details, see § 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Discretionary Cancellation of 
Interest 
Interest Payments will not accrue if the Issuer has elected, at its sole 
discretion, to cancel payment of interest (non-cumulative), in whole or in part, 
on any Interest Payment Date (see also below "Interest Payments are non-
cumulative").  
See § 3 (8) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Compulsory Cancellation of 
Interest 
In addition, the Notes will not bear interest or will bear a reduced amount of 
interest, as applicable, on an Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
to the extent that such payment of interest together with 
(1) 
the amount of a write-up, if any, in accordance with § 5(9)(c) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to be effected as 
of the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
(2) 
any additional Distributions (as defined in § 3(9) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) that are scheduled to be made 
or have been made on the same day or that have been made 
by the Issuer on other Tier 1 Instruments (as defined in 
§ 3 (9) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) in the then 
current financial year of the Issuer and 
(3) 
the total amount of write-ups, if any, on any other AT1 
Instruments which shall be effected as of the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or have been effected in the then 
current financial year of the Issuer 
would exceed the Available Distributable Items (as defined in § 3(9) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), provided that, for such 
purpose, the Available Distributable Items shall be increased by an 
amount equal to what has been accounted for as expenses for 
Distributions in respect of Tier 1 Instruments (for the avoidance of 
doubt, including payments of interest on the Notes) in the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
determination of the profit on which the Available Distributable Items 
are based; or 
(ii) 
if and to the extent that a competent authority orders that all or part 
of the relevant payment of interest be cancelled or another 
prohibition of Distributions is imposed by law or an authority or any 
other restriction to make Distributions exists under the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations (including, but not limited to, the calculation 
of, and the compliance with, the Maximum Distributable Amount (as 
defined in § 3 (9) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) as well 
as other maximum amounts that may apply to distributions in 
accordance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations); or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is over-indebted within the meaning of § 19 InsO or 
illiquid within the meaning of § 17 InsO on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or to the extent that the relevant payment of interest 
would result in an over-indebtedness or illiquidity of the Issuer (see 
also "Note on payment restrictions prior to an insolvency" above). 
"Applicable Supervisory Regulations" means the provisions of bank 
supervisory laws and any regulations and other rules thereunder applicable 
from time to time (including, but not limited to, the guidelines and 
recommendations of the European Banking Authority and/or the European 
Central Bank, the administrative practice of any competent authority, any 
applicable decision of a court and any applicable transitional provisions) 
relating to capital adequacy, solvency, other prudential requirements and/or 
resolution and applicable to the Issuer and/or the banking group to which the 
Issuer belongs from time to time. 
"Available Distributable Items" means, with respect to any payment of 
interest, the distributable items as defined in Article 4(1) no. 128 CRR; at the 
time of the issuance of the Notes, such term refers to the profit as of the end 
of the financial year of the Issuer immediately preceding the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, for which audited annual financial statements are available, 
plus any profits brought forward and reserves available for that purpose, 
before distributions to holders of own funds instruments, less any losses 
brought forward and any profits which are non-distributable pursuant to the 
applicable laws of the European Union or Germany or the Articles of 
Association of the Issuer and any sums placed to non-distributable reserves 
in accordance with the applicable laws of Germany or the Articles of 
Association of the Issuer, in each case with respect to the specific category 
of own funds of the Notes as AT1 Instruments to which the applicable laws of 
the European Union or Germany or the Articles of Associations of the Issuer 
relate, provided that the distributable items and the relevant profits, losses 
and reserves shall be determined on the basis of the unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with German commercial 
law and not on the basis of its consolidated financial statements. 
The determination of the Available Distributable Items shall be based on the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the time of the determination and, 
accordingly, only those amounts shall be added or deducted that may be 
added or have to be deducted (as the case may be) for purposes of 
determining the amounts distributable on AT1 Instruments under the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
For more details, see § 3 (8) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Interest Payments are non-
cumulative 
Interest Payments are non-cumulative. Consequently, Interest Payments in 
following years will not be increased to compensate for any shortfall in 
Interest Payments during a previous year and such shortfall shall not 
constitute an event of default under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Termination 
Rights 
of 
the 
Issuer 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole but not in 
part, subject to prior permission of the competent authority together with 
interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption:

--- Page 13 ---
13 
(i) 
at any time for regulatory reasons, if there is a change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in 
(i) their exclusion in full or in part from the Issuer's own funds under 
the CRR or (ii) a reclassification as a lower quality form of the Issuer's 
own funds as of the issue date, provided that in respect of a 
redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue date of the Notes 
the conditions in Article 78 (4)(a) CRR are met, pursuant to which the 
competent authority may approve such redemption only if (i) it 
considers the change in the regulatory classification to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrated to its satisfaction that the 
regulatory reclassification of the Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the issue date; 
(ii) 
at any time for tax reasons, if the tax treatment of the Notes, due to 
a change in applicable legislation or relevant jurisprudence, including 
(but not limited to) a change in any fiscal legislation, rules or 
practices, which takes effect after the Interest Commencement Date, 
changes (including but not limited to the tax deductibility of interest 
payable on the Notes or the obligation to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7 (1)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and, in 
respect of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue date 
of the Notes, the conditions in Article 78 (4)(b) CRR are met, 
pursuant to which the competent authority may approve such 
redemption only if there is a change in the applicable tax treatment 
of the Notes which the Issuer demonstrated to its satisfaction is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date;  
(iii) 
if at any time 75 per cent (or such other percentage as specfied in 
the Final Terms) or more of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes originally issued (including any Notes additionally issued in 
accordance with § 10(1)) have been repurchased by the Issuer and, 
in each case, cancelled, provided that in respect of a redemption 
prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue date of the Notes the 
conditions in Article 78 (4)(d) or (e) CRR are met, pursuant to which 
the competent authority may approve such redemption only if either 
(x) before or at the same time of the repurchase or redemption the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer and the Competent Authority has permitted that action 
on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a 
prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; 
or (y) the Notes are repurchased for market making purposes within 
the limits permitted by the Competent Authority; or 
(iv) 
on any Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) at their Redemption Amount (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes). 
In each case, any refusal of the competent authority to grant permission shall 
not constitute a default for any purpose. 
For detailed information on the conditions for obtaining permission for a 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes from the competent authority, see 
§ 5(6) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
If the Issuer elects, in its sole discretion and subject to prior approval by the 
competent authority, to redeem the Notes, the Notes will be repaid as a 
consequence thereof. In such case, in certain circumstances the redemption 
amount per Note may be less than its Original Nominal Amount (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) due to a previous Write-down which has not 
been fully written-up (see "Write-down of the Redemption Amount and the 
Nominal Amount of the Notes").

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Write-down of the Redemption 
Amount 
and 
the 
nominal 
amount of the Notes 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note shall be reduced by the amount of the relevant write-down. If and as 
long as the Current Nominal Amount of the Notes is below their Original 
Nominal Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), any repayment 
upon redemption of the Notes for regulatory reasons or for tax reasons will 
be at the Current Nominal Amount of the Notes and, with effect from the 
occurrence of such write-down, any Interest Payment will be calculated on 
the basis of the reduced nominal amount of the Notes. 
"Current Nominal Amount" means, with respect to any Note: (i) at the date 
of the issue, the Original Nominal Amount (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of such Note and (ii) thereafter, the then outstanding nominal amount 
of such Note as reduced by any write-downs pursuant to § 5(9)(b) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (to the extent not made up for by write-
ups pursuant to § 5(9)(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if, at any time, the common equity tier 1 capital ratio 
pursuant to Article 92(1)(a) CRR of the Issuer (the "Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio"), determined on either (i) a consolidated basis or (ii) an 
individual basis, falls below the minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
specified in the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes (which shall be 
at least 5.125 per cent.) (the "Minimum CET1 Ratio"), provided that (i) while 
the Trigger Event in respect of the Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on a 
consolidated basis may occur at any time, (ii) a Trigger Event in respect of 
the Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on an individual basis shall only occur 
if the Issuer should, in the future pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations or by an administrative order, be required to comply with the 
prudential requirements on an individual basis as well and, for this purpose, 
to determine the Minimum CET1 Ratio on an individual basis. Whether a 
Trigger Event has occurred shall be determined by the Issuer, the competent 
authority or any agent appointed for such purpose by the competent authority, 
and such determination will be binding on the Holders. 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, a write-down shall be effected pro 
rata with all of the Issuer's other AT1 Instruments which provide for a write-
down (whether permanent or temporary) or a conversion into common equity 
tier 1 capital instruments upon the occurrence of such Trigger Event. If upon 
the occurrence of a Trigger Event other AT1 Instruments are also subject to 
a write-down or are subject to conversion into common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments, where the respective conditions provide for a trigger event on a 
level for the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio at or above the Minimum 
CET1 Ratio (together with the Notes the "Relevant AT1 Instruments"), any 
such write-down or conversion will occur in such order of application or ratio 
as required in accordance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. If no 
such order or ratio is required by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the 
following applies: 
(i) 
Any write-down will, subject to the provision set out in the following 
sentence, be effected pro rata with all other Relevant AT1 
Instruments. 
 
The Notes and all other Relevant AT1 Instruments will only 
participate in a write-down or (as the case may be) a conversion into 
common equity tier 1 capital instruments to the extent required in 
aggregate to restore the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
determined on (i) a consolidated basis and (ii) an individual basis (in 
each case only if and as long as the Issuer is required pursuant to 
the Applicable Supervisory Regulations or an administrative order to 
determine the ratio on such level) to the ratio provided for in their 
respective terms as the ratio triggering the event resulting in such 
write-down and/or conversion into common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments; provided that the total amount of the write-downs and 
conversions shall not exceed the sum of the outstanding principal

--- Page 15 ---
15 
amounts of the Relevant AT1 Instruments at the time of occurrence 
of the Trigger Event. 
(ii) 
Any other Relevant AT1 Instrument that may be written down or 
converted in full but not in part will, for the purposes of determining 
the relevant pro rata amounts for a write-down and calculation of the 
written-down amount, be treated as if its terms permit a partial write-
down or conversion. 
The performance of any write-downs in respect of the Notes is not dependent 
on the effectiveness or implementation of a write-down or conversion of other 
instruments and will be effected in any event. For the avoidance of doubt: To 
the extent that the write-down or the conversion into common equity tier 1 
capital instruments of one or more of the other AT1 Instruments of the Issuer 
is not effective or is not implemented for any reason, such non-effective or 
non-implemented write-down or conversion will not be taken into account 
when determining the written-down amount in respect of the Notes under 
§ 5(9)(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The sum of the write-downs to be effected with respect to the Notes shall be 
limited to the aggregate Current Nominal Amount of all Notes outstanding at 
the time of occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event. 
Following a Write-down of the redemption amount and the nominal amount 
of the Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
described above, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) to effect, in its 
sole discretion, from annual profits in the future an increase of the redemption 
amount and the nominal amount of the Notes up to their Original Nominal 
Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject, however, to 
certain limitations set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
For more details, see § 5(9)(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Payment of Additional 
Amounts 
If the Issuer is required to withhold or deduct at source amounts payable 
under the Notes on account of taxes in Germany, the Issuer will, subject to 
customary exemptions and to the extent this would not exceed Available 
Distributable Items, pay Additional Amounts on the Notes to compensate for 
such deduction (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the 
payment of any principal in respect of the Notes). See § 7 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes are bearer notes (Inhaberschuldverschreibungen), each 
represented by one or more global notes without coupons or receipts. No 
definitive notes will be issued. 
Governing Law 
The Notes are governed by German law.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
2 RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves risks. The following is designed to show aspects of the Notes and the business 
of Commerzbank of which prospective investors should be aware. Investors should carefully consider the following 
discussion of the risks and the other information about the Notes contained in this Base Prospectus before deciding 
whether an investment in the Notes is suitable. An investment in the Notes is only suitable for investors experienced 
in financial matters who are in a position to fully assess the risks relating to such an investment and who have 
sufficient financial means to absorb any potential loss stemming therefrom. As described below, there is a significant 
risk that a Holder of Notes will lose all or some of its investment. 
2.1 
Risk Factors relating to the Commerzbank Group  
Potential investors should read carefully and take into consideration the risk factors described below and other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus before making a decision on the acquisition of any Notes issued by 
Commerzbank. The onset of one or several of these risks, in isolation or in combination with other factors, can 
seriously affect the business operations of Commerzbank Group and have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial position and results of operations of Commerzbank Group or on the price of the Notes. The risks described 
below are possibly not the only risks to which Commerzbank Group is exposed. Other risks, which are currently not 
known to Commerzbank or are considered unimportant at present, may also affect the business operations of 
Commerzbank Group and have a serious adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations 
of Commerzbank Group. The risk factors relating to Commerzbank Group are organised into the following categories 
depending on their nature: 
• 
"2.1.1 Market and issuer-related risks"; 
• 
"2.1.2 Risks arising from regulation affecting the Bank"; and 
• 
"2.1.3 Legal and compliance risks". 
2.1.1 
Market and issuer-related risks 
2.1.1.1 
The Group's dependence on the macroeconomic environment and market conditions, particularly 
in Germany and Europe, could negatively affect the Group's business environment, leading to 
weaker economic activity and a broader correction in the financial markets. 
The Group's increased focus on its customer-oriented business emphasises the role played by the need for credit, 
investment and banking products and the general interest rate environment as key factors when determining the 
Group's sources of income. 
The German and euro area economies have been navigating difficult waters. Although the German economy and 
the overall eurozone economy expanded in the first quarter of 2024, both are expected to show only a very moderate 
recovery over the next quarters. While the supply bottlenecks during and as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
energy shortages following sanctions against Russia have eased substantially, the current monetary policy of the 
ECB has put considerable breaks on economic activity in the eurozone. The ECB's significant interest rate increases 
have translated in substantially higher credit standards and borrowing costs, which are generally dampening 
investment in capital goods, such as machinery, and investment in construction and real estate in particular. In 
addition, Germany, as an export-oriented economy, is suffering from lower foreign demand. However, in some 
countries this economic headwind is partly offset by strong private consumption as a result of strong labour markets 
and rising incomes. More generally, fiscal programs like the European Union's recovery fund NextGenerationEU 
(NGEU) prevented German and other eurozone economies from sliding into a recession.  
Major central banks likely reached the peak of the policy rate cycle in 2023. Headline inflation and core inflation 
have shown clearer signs of progress in decelerating towards central bank targets. Financial markets are anticipating 
cautious rate cuts for 2024 which has supported an easing of financial conditions with lower bond yields, higher 
equities prices and tighter credit spreads. However, the path to monetary policy normalisation remains somewhat 
uncertain given the risks for inflation resulting from high wage increases. 
The German and other eurozone economies are expected to work their way out of the current uncertain phase in 
the second half of 2024, although a significant upturn is not expected, mainly due to structural problems such as 
persistent labour shortages throughout the eurozone. Fiscal policies are expected to exert a less positive impulse 
on the economy, while central banks are expected to lower their key interest rates only moderately to avoid a 
resurrection of price inflation. As the same holds true for other regions in the world, subdued foreign demand is to 
be expected in the coming quarters. 
Downside risks arise in particular with regard to monetary policy, which might not be eased as quickly as perceived 
by financial markets on the back of stickier-than-expected inflation. High debt levels of public and private sectors in

--- Page 17 ---
17 
various countries could trigger financial market turbulence in view of a low-growth, high-interest-rate environment. 
Geopolitical tensions, in particular the war in the Ukraine and in the Middle East, may again result in interruptions to 
existing supply chains, surging energy costs and persistently high inflation. 
Due to the large portion of Commerzbank's business activities in Germany, a deep and prolonged recession in this 
market could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
In the event of a deep recession lasting several years, this could even pose a threat to the Group's solvency. 
Moreover, since the Polish economy is significantly influenced by the state of the German economy, a recession in 
Germany could also negatively affect the business operations of mBank group ("mBank") in Poland, which is 
headed by Commerzbank's subsidiary mBank S.A. As the Group's operations in Poland are a significant contributor 
to the Group's results, this could lead to further significant material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.2 
Geopolitical risks and conflicts such as the Russia-Ukraine war or the Middle East conflict have 
increased economic uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
On 7 October 2023, Hamas terrorists attacked Israel, which Israel responded to with a military campaign against 
Hamas in Gaza. This conflict has increased global economic uncertainty as it could potentially result in a wider 
escalation within the Middle East region, which could impact oil prices, broader energy markets and global supply 
chains and undermine confidence in the economy and global growth. Since late 2023, Houthi rebels in Yemen have 
attacked cargo vessels in the Red Sea, which impacted global supply chains and led to increased freight rates 
between Asia and Europe. 
The Russia-Ukraine war, which began on 24 February 2022, has also increased economic uncertainty and had 
ramifications for Commerzbank's business in both Ukraine and Russia. As a result of the Russia-Ukraine war, there 
has been a halt to new business of the Group in Russia and the Group's existing business has been wound down 
by roughly 80%, to the extent that this does not violate sanctions. 
Expropriation measures of Commerzbank assets in Russia could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial position. In addition, sanctions imposed against Russia since the 
beginning of the war or in the future by, among others, the United States, the EU and the UK, as well as 
countermeasures by the Russian government, have increased and could further increase operational complexity 
and the risk of inadvertent non-compliance by the Group with existing sanctions  (see also "2.1.3.2 The Group is a 
globally active banking group and as such subject to laws, regulations and guidelines in various countries, and the 
Group is exposed to risks associated with possible violations thereof."). The restrictions on trade in Russian gas and 
a realignment of energy policy have also increased economic uncertainty, especially for companies operating in 
energy-related sectors. The suspension of Russia's gas supplies has also exacerbated the global economic 
situation, particularly in Europe, and negatively affecting both industry and households. Although the negative effects 
on economy and society are being mitigated by certain support packages that have been agreed in various 
countries, this has resulted in a significant increase in public debt across Europe. Although the German economy 
and the overall eurozone economy expanded in the first quarter of 2024, both are expected to show only a very 
moderate recovery over the next quarters. 
A reliable estimate of the quantitative effects on Commerzbank's future Group financial statements is not possible 
at the moment and will depend on alternative energy sources and their prices after the stop of gas deliveries from 
Russia, the impact on inflation as well as further sanctions and countermeasures and their duration. Further 
escalation of the Russia-Ukraine war (e.g. the expansion to other countries within the EU or NATO) could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
Tensions between the United States and China remain elevated across a wide range of areas, including trade and 
technology-related issues, human rights, and cybersecurity. Potential impacts from an escalation of the 
China/Taiwan conflict could be significant and materially adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations 
and financial position. The German government published its own China strategy which envisages German 
companies to still partake in China's economic development whilst also encouraging diversification efforts to reduce 
potentially harmful concentration risks and economic dependencies on China. Recently, in connection with the 
ongoing war in Ukraine, the United States sanctioned several Chinese companies adding to the tensions between 
the United States and China. In September 2023, the EU Commission announced an investigation into subsidies to 
Chinese electric vehicle exporters which could lead to increased tariffs and possible Chinese trade retaliation 
measures. Geopolitical tensions could drive further economic polarisation and fragmentation of global trade.  
In many democratic countries, domestic political challenges have arisen from growing political polarisation, rising 
social discontent and higher inflation. These challenges may impede political decision-making processes, forestall 
necessary structural reforms and lead to negative economic outcomes which could directly or indirectly impact the 
Group's risk profile.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
The U.S. elections in November 2024 could increase economic and geopolitical uncertainty given that current 
opinion polls indicate a potentially close outcome which could usher in radically different trade and foreign policies. 
The EU is also holding elections in June 2024 where populist parties could increase their share of the vote, 
potentially increasing political polarisation and fragmentation in Europe. Other regions which are holding or expected 
to hold elections in 2024 include the UK, Turkey, South Africa and India, with unexpected outcomes having the 
potential to drive local market volatility and economic uncertainty. 
2.1.1.3 
The Group may not benefit from its new Strategy 2027 at all or only in part or at higher costs than 
planned, and the implementation of planned measures may not lead to the achievement of the 
desired strategic objectives. 
Commerzbank's Strategy 2027 is the Group's follow-up strategy on "Strategy 2024". Commerzbank is planning to 
further develop its business model based on necessary strategic adaptions of "Strategy 2024" to the changing 
conditions in the financial industry and overall markets in the coming years.  
With its new Strategy 2027, Commerzbank continues to position itself as a universal bank with focus on Germany. 
If the strategic positioning as a universal bank is no longer feasible, there is a risk that cyclical fluctuations in business 
will have a more significant impact on Commerzbank and it will not be able to benefit from joint funding of the 
segments. 
The implementation of Strategy 2027 could be materially adversely affected, or hindered entirely, by geopolitical or 
macroeconomic effects (see also "2.1.1.1 The Group's dependence on the macroeconomic environment and market 
conditions, particularly in Germany and Europe, could negatively affect the Group's business environment, leading 
to weaker economic activity and a broader correction in the financial markets."). Even if the strategic goals are 
successfully implemented, the risk result could still increase. Additionally, the Group is exposed to the risk that key 
assumptions underlying its strategy may prove to be partly or fully incorrect and therefore that some or all of the 
targets may not be reached. For example, it is possible that the desired growth in customers and business volume 
(e.g. business volumes of asset management) will not be achieved due to heavy competition. In the medium term, 
competition between banks to attract new deposits is expected to remain high, because rates will likely decrease 
slower than expected at the end of 2023. Commerzbank's profitability hence could be adversely affected by deposit 
outflows or customer initiated, gradual shifts towards higher yield products (e.g. from sight deposits to fixed-term 
deposits) within Commerzbank or on the capital market (e.g. corporate or sovereign bonds). The Group is also 
exposed to the risk that planned investments cannot be made successfully, timely or appropriately, with the result 
that the Group's objectives may only be achieved late, if at all. There is a general risk that the potential of acquisitions 
is not materialising as expected. 
Furthermore, the Group is exposed to the risk that certain factors that could undermine its strategy's success have 
been underestimated, or that unexpected circumstances could prevent the Group from reaching its stated targets. 
Operational risks may adversely affect the implementation of the Group's strategy, which could cause this strategy 
to fail for reasons unrelated to its original underlying assumptions. Additionally, it is possible that the Group's future 
results could be negatively affected by one-time or special effects or developments that offset the positive effects of 
this strategy. 
In addition, the Group is exposed to the risk that cost discipline and profitability targets may not be realised and 
thereby also threaten the achievement of strategic objectives linked to cost-income-ratio (CIR) control. 
The Group faces various risks which continue to be relevant during the implementation of Strategy 2027. 
Consequently, the new strategy programme includes a comprehensive analysis of risk scenarios, covering a wide 
range of risk types (e.g. cyber risk, reputational risk, ESG risk, regulatory risk or geopolitical risk). The ongoing 
review of these risk scenarios may, from time to time, result in the identification of new risk factors due to a constantly 
changing environment. 
Technology risks are the result of the further digital transformation of the Bank and its potential effects on operational 
stability. One of these risks is the implementation of digital functions in the segments Private and Small-Business 
Customers and Corporate Clients that could progress too slowly or be too costly. Furthermore, the further 
modernization of Commerzbank's IT architecture may face delays or impediments. The professionalization of the 
technological foundation and the conducting of qualification measures may also be delayed. Capacities in nearshore 
locations may be temporarily unavailable and operative stability and IT may face impingements. Cyber risks are 
also significant in this context and cyber risks are closely monitored within the corresponding risk scenario. 
The implementation of the Strategy 2027 could also be adversely affected by new or changed regulatory 
requirements (see also "2.1.1.32 The Group is exposed to climate and environmental risks that impact its customers, 
such as extreme weather events and the transition to a low carbon economy.", "2.1.2.1 Stricter regulatory capital 
and liquidity standards and procedural and reporting requirements may call into question the business model of a 
number of the Group's activities, adversely affect the Group's competitive position, reduce the Group's profitability, 
or make the raising of additional equity capital necessary." and "2.1.3.2 The Group is a globally active banking group

--- Page 19 ---
19 
and as such subject to laws, regulations and guidelines in various countries, and the Group is exposed to risks 
associated with possible violations thereof."). 
Several financial risks regarding stress scenarios and potential rating migrations have been identified (e.g. induced 
by the war between Russia and Ukraine). The Bank may face adverse effects from insolvencies due to a weak 
global economy, geopolitical distress including the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, legal risks, major 
breakdowns of single locations and operational risks, which could in turn negatively affect the Group's Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital ratio (CET1). 
The main risk driver regarding employees are the employee reduction measures implemented as part of "Strategy 
2024". Due to the reduction of around 10,000 full time equivalents (FTEs), the Bank is facing the challenge to 
compensate the loss of know-how and key personnel by new recruiting measures. Knock-on effects can impact the 
overall employee motivation, which in turn can have financial implications. 
Regarding clients, the main risks are decreasing customer satisfaction and decreasing revenues. Although the 
radical restructuring has led to less churn than originally assumed, deterioration in customer satisfaction is apparent, 
especially in customer groups which were heavily affected by the transformation of the Bank. Because the Bank is 
sticking to its new business model as part of Strategy 2027, there is a risk that the dissatisfaction will continue or 
spread to other customer groups. New pricing measures could also cause customer churn and high revenue clients 
may terminate client relationships due to unstable digitalisation. 
2.1.1.4 
The global financial crisis and the sovereign debt crisis starting in 2008, particularly in the eurozone, 
have had a significant material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results 
of operations. There can be no assurance that the Group will not be materially adversely affected 
by similar financial or sovereign debt crises in the future. 
The global financial crisis and the sovereign debt crisis starting in 2008 led to the affected countries' outstanding 
bonds suffering substantial losses in value. The market values of the bonds of a number of eurozone countries, 
particularly Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal and Ireland, declined, at times substantially. Countries outside the 
eurozone, particularly in Eastern Europe, were also affected. At the same time, the trading liquidity of all affected 
sovereign debt also decreased, in some cases substantially. 
The effects of the financial crisis and the sovereign debt crisis and the resulting deterioration in the business 
environment have had a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
The main adverse effects were an increased need for loan loss provisions and impairments in relation to net 
investment income, net trading losses and increases in financing costs, as well as declining income. There can be 
no assurance that the Group would not be impacted similarly in the future if other financial or sovereign debt crises 
were to occur, for example as a result of an economic downturn and a significant rise of national budget deficits. It 
is not possible for the Group to fully hedge against such risks related to financial and sovereign debt crises. 
If member states of the European Union were to experience payment problems or even default on their outstanding 
bonds, the risks relating to the sovereign debt crisis would be significantly greater and could even threaten the 
Group's solvency. The exit of individual countries from the European Monetary Union, in particular the exit of one of 
the major economies (such as Germany, Italy, Spain or France) or the complete break-up of the European Monetary 
Union, would likely have far-reaching consequences for financial markets and the real economy. Furthermore, 
potential funding restrictions imposed by local central banks could in this case lead to funding shortfalls and 
additional foreign currency risks. Such a scenario could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.5 
Impairments and revaluations of Sovereign Debt (as defined below) held by the Group to lower fair 
values have had, and could continue to have, a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial position and results of operations. 
The Group holds sovereign debt, i.e. bonds issued by a state or by other public-sector entities (including bonds of 
government sub-entities, "Sovereign Debt"). These include bonds issued by Italy and Spain. Adverse performance 
prompted the Group to reduce its holdings of Sovereign Debt, recognizing losses as a consequence. 
Should the Group's Sovereign Debt not be repaid in full at maturity, it would be subject to significant impairments, 
which could materially adversely affect the Group's results of operations. Further losses could result from valuation 
effects from related interest and inflation hedging instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
The Group's options for reducing the risk arising from its Sovereign Debt holdings, whether through disposals or 
other measures, are limited and would require the recognition of losses because the Sovereign Debt holdings are 
often characterised by long maturities, the demand for Sovereign Debt may be limited and many market participants, 
particularly banks, may attempt to sell such debt at the same time, thereby creating an excess of supply which may

--- Page 20 ---
20 
result in a deterioration of market prices. This could trigger a downward spiral exacerbating such risk, which could 
result in a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.6 
Credit default swap ("CDS") protection on Sovereign Debt acquired by the Group could fail to fulfil 
its hedging purpose. Furthermore, the Group has issued CDS protection on Sovereign Debt, 
thereby assuming the default risk of Sovereign Debt held by third parties. The risk from CDS 
protection the Group has issued could also materialise if CDS protection the Group has acquired 
fails to fulfil their hedging purpose at the same time. 
The value of acquired CDS protection on Sovereign Debt depends on the respective counterparty's creditworthiness. 
The creditworthiness may deteriorate if the counterparties fail to hedge their own risk positions effectively or if other 
substantial risks arising from Sovereign Debt materialise, particularly in the event of a sovereign default. In addition, 
the contractual terms of the hedging instrument may not cover the specific event triggering the debtor's non-payment 
thus failing to hedge the Group's exposure. The hedging provided by the CDS protection could also fail to effectively 
reduce risk for other reasons, therefore exposing the Group to risk that it believed it had hedged. 
The Group does not only acquire CDS protection on Sovereign Debt but also issues such CDS protection itself. In 
respect of several countries, the CDS protection issued by the Group may not provide the same coverage in terms 
of amounts and contractual arrangements (e.g. with respect to currencies and terms) as the CDS protection acquired 
by the Group. Therefore, even in the case of full performance of the CDSs by the counterparty, the acquired CDS 
protection may not fully offset the payment obligations under the Group's issued CDS protection. 
A payment default by even just one of the countries whose Sovereign Debt is the subject of CDS coverage provided 
by the Group or whose Sovereign Debt positions held by the Group are hedged against through CDSs could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations, thereby further 
exacerbating the material adverse effect from the default of the underlying Sovereign Debt directly held by the 
Group. 
2.1.1.7 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, including in respect of large individual commitments, large 
loans and commitments concentrated in individual sectors (referred to as bulk risk), as well as loans 
to debtors that may be particularly affected by the sovereign debt crisis or the secondary effects of 
crisis-related economic uncertainty and geopolitical tensions (e.g. the Russia-Ukraine war and the 
Middle East conflict). 
The Group is exposed to default risk, also referred to as credit risk, in connection with its lending business with 
customers and credit institutions. This business primarily comprises loans to private and corporate customers and 
real estate finance, as well as loans and advances to banks, insurance companies, financial service providers, 
sovereigns and public-sector entities, its substitute credit business (i.e. structured credit products), the financial 
instruments in its investment portfolio (e.g. bonds issued by industrial companies, banks, insurance companies and 
sovereigns), other financial instruments, derivatives and transactions with central counterparties. The Group defines 
credit risk as the risk associated with possible losses in value that may be caused by changes in counterparties' 
credit ratings or the inability of a counterparty to make payments (for example, due to insolvency). A worsening of a 
borrower's economic circumstances, payment defaults and impairments in the value of posted collateral could result 
in the Group having to increase loan loss provisions to cover acute and latent default risks, or in an increase in the 
Group's regulatory capital charge due to an increase in risk-weighted assets. These risks are further exacerbated 
by risk concentrations in respect of individual large borrowers and counterparties. 
The Group is also exposed to credit risks related to financial institutions and companies that were particularly 
affected by the financial and sovereign debt crises, for example because they are located in, or have operations 
focusing on, countries with high levels of debt or countries with a high level of credit exposure to highly indebted 
countries, or because they have issued a substantial amount of CDSs relating to the Sovereign Debt of such 
countries. 
In addition the Group is exposed to credit risks related to secondary effects of crisis-related economic uncertainty 
and geopolitical tensions (e.g. the Russia-Ukraine war and the Middle East conflict), which already had negative 
effects on the economy (see also "2.1.1.2 Geopolitical risks and conflicts such as the Russia-Ukraine war or the 
Middle East conflict have increased economic uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on the Group."). 
A worsening of the economic environment, any further financial or sovereign debt crises or geopolitical tensions 
(e.g. the Russia-Ukraine war and the Middle East conflict), could continue to challenge the economic viability of 
financial institutions and companies particularly affected. 
Moreover, adverse changes in the financial condition of the Group's counterparties or adverse changes to 
counterparty credit risk arising from systemic risks in the financial system could affect the recoverability and value 
of the Group's assets.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Such factors could have an adverse impact on financial institutions in particular, to the extent they are affected by 
higher defaults on loans or impairments of securities or because of a substantial need for impairments in respect of 
real estate loan portfolios or a substantial volume of customer deposits being withdrawn. If the confidence in the 
creditworthiness of these financial institutions erodes because of such factors, then their ability to refinance 
themselves through the market may be impaired, thereby threatening their liquidity. This could ultimately lead to the 
insolvency of such financial institutions and thereby indirectly result in economic harm for the Group. 
The onset of one or more of the risks described above may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.8 
The Group's portfolio includes a substantial number of non-performing loans, and defaults may not 
be sufficiently covered by collateral or write-downs and provisions previously taken. 
On a Group-wide basis, a large percentage of the receivables attributable to the non-performing loan portfolio are 
covered by collateral that is measured at recovery value and reflected within the determination of risk provisioning. 
For the loan volume that is not covered, the Group expects to be able to generate further revenue from the positions 
in the non-performing loan portfolio, for example because successful debt restructuring can still be affected or 
because some collateral having value could not be taken into consideration due to regulatory requirements. It is 
possible that the Group's assumptions made in this regard could, in retrospect, prove to be inaccurate or no longer 
congruent with future developments, such that the quality of the collateral does not meet current or future estimates. 
This could be the case, for example, if macroeconomic developments continue to deteriorate due to secondary 
effects of crisis-related economic uncertainty and geopolitical tensions (e.g. the Russia-Ukraine war and the Middle 
East conflict) and restructurings fail. In that event, the Group could face further significant losses from its non-
performing loan portfolio, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position and results 
of operations. 
2.1.1.9 
The Group holds financial instruments characterised by poor liquidity, low, volatile or unavailable 
market prices and uncertainty regarding their value. It is possible that in the future the Group may 
have to significantly impair these securities or sustain further significant losses in the downsizing of 
such positions. 
The Group holds financial instruments, some of which are highly complex and for which trading takes place only to 
a limited extent or only in phases. The Group is exposed to the risk of reductions in value and the resulting losses 
in relation to these financial instruments. A further increase of such risks could result from financial or sovereign 
debt crises. In addition to the risks and value trends of such instruments over their full term, the Group also takes 
into account changes in the regulatory capital tied up by the positions due to evolving regulatory standards. Further 
losses in value on any of the structured financial instruments held by the Group could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.10 
The Group is exposed to the risk of changes in the fair value of the financial instruments it holds. 
A substantial portion of the Group's assets and liabilities consists of financial instruments that must be reported at 
fair value in the Group's consolidated financial statements. For some of these financial instruments, there are no 
objective market prices. In these cases, fair value is determined using appropriate valuation methods for these 
instruments. 
The use of valuation methods employing non-observable market data for determining fair value requires 
assumptions and estimates that depend on the characteristics of the relevant instrument and the complexity and 
liquidity of the underlying market. If individual assumptions and estimates change as a result of negative market 
developments or for other reasons, revaluations of the relevant instruments may lead to significant changes in fair 
value, potentially resulting in substantial losses. 
If any of these risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position 
and results of operations. 
2.1.1.11 
Changes in the classification of assets, relevant accounting standards, the regulatory environment 
or ratings from rating agencies may lead to changes in the value of the Group's assets, which could 
have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
Assets are valued on the basis of differing criteria depending on their classification. For example, financial 
instruments are reported on the balance sheet either at amortised cost or at fair value, depending on the category 
to which they are assigned. Changes in the categorisation or reclassifications of assets may therefore lead to a 
revaluation and, consequently, also to a valuation adjustment, depending on the circumstances. A change in the 
relevant accounting standards may also prompt a reclassification or a change to the valuation of assets. Regulatory 
changes, such as changes in capital buffer requirements, may also make a revaluation necessary.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
If there were changes in relevant accounting standards, the regulatory environment or ratings from rating agencies, 
the Group may be required to revalue its assets, the amount of its loan loss provisions or the models used to value 
them, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
2.1.1.12 
The Group is exposed to a large number of different market risks, including measurement risks, 
interest rate risks, credit spread risks, volatility and correlation risks and commodity price risks. 
The Group is exposed to market risk in the form of or in relation to: 
• 
the measurement of equities and fund units: The prices of equities and fund units can be heavily affected 
by political instability and/or interrupted supply chains with corresponding negative trends on the financial 
markets, resulting in a decrease in the value of equities and fund units held in the Group's financial 
investment or trading portfolios. 
• 
interest rate risk: The Group is exposed to the risk of a change in interest rates when the amount or type of 
interest (e.g., fixed or variable) on assets and liabilities in individual maturity buckets do not match, thereby 
creating open interest rate positions in assets and in liabilities. Changes in market interest rates may lead 
to a flat or even inverse yield curve (i.e., the relationship between the interest rate and maturity of financial 
assets, with an inverse yield curve indicating that interest rates for long-term assets are lower than for short-
term assets). A flat or inverse yield curve, particularly over an extended period, may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's interest margin and profitability. 
• 
credit spread risks: The Group is exposed to market risk in the form of credit spread risks. If spreads on 
Sovereign Debt or other instruments should substantially widen, this would lead to a decline in market values 
and thus to a loss in value of outstanding bonds in the event of divestment and a corresponding negative 
impact on results. Furthermore, losses may also result from fair value revaluations of securities held in the 
trading portfolio. 
• 
volatility and correlation risk: The Group engages in the structuring and trading of financial derivatives. 
Derivatives are subject to price fluctuations caused by changes in the volatility of the prices of the underlying 
assets. To the extent that derivatives are based on two underlying assets or a portfolio of underlying assets, 
the prices of these derivatives are subject to what is referred to as "correlation fluctuations". Correlation is 
a statistical measure for the linear interaction of two underlying assets. The higher the correlation coefficient, 
the more the two assets move in unison. If derivatives' positions are not or cannot be hedged against 
changes in volatility or fluctuations in correlation, losses may result. 
• 
commodity price risk: In its operating business, the Group is exposed to market risk in the trading of 
commodity-related derivatives, certificates and spot transactions. The underlying commodities are generally 
precious metals, industrial metals, energy and agricultural commodities as well as emission allowance 
certificates. The prices of these financial instruments may rise or fall due to a number of factors, including 
the general state of the economy, market trends, exchange rate trends and changes in legal and political 
conditions. If positions are not fully hedged against these risks, losses may result. 
If any of these risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position 
and results of operations. 
2.1.1.13 
The Group is exposed to currency risks, in particular translation risks and foreign exchange rate 
risks, and translation differences could reduce the Bank's equity or result in higher expenses or 
lower income from foreign currency transactions. 
Group subsidiary companies based outside the eurozone prepare their individual financial statements in foreign 
currencies. Currency fluctuations between the euro and the respective local currencies may result in the exchange 
rates used to convert non-euro items in the individual entities' financial statements for the purpose of preparing the 
consolidated financial statements differing from those used in previous reporting periods. These translation 
differences could reduce the Bank's equity. In addition, the Bank and other Group companies located in the eurozone 
enter into transactions in currencies other than the euro. A relative appreciation or depreciation of the respective 
foreign currency against the euro could result in correspondingly higher expenses or lower income from the foreign 
currency transactions. 
Consumers in many Central and Eastern European countries have taken out a substantial number of loans in foreign 
currencies, particularly in Swiss francs. The Group has also granted such loans. Due to the relative decline of the 
currencies of these countries, some of these loans have become or are about to become non-performing. This 
situation could be aggravated further if Central and Eastern European currencies decline or the Swiss franc 
appreciates further (see also "2.1.3.1 Litigation, arbitration, investigations and other proceedings may arise in 
connection with Commerzbank's business activities, the outcomes of which are uncertain and which entail risks for 
the Group.").

--- Page 23 ---
23 
In the context of the Russia-Ukraine war, Commerzbank is affected via its Russian subsidiary Commerzbank 
(Eurasija) AO. Depending on the political development, sanctions or measures, the Russian ruble ("RUB") exchange 
rates could continue to be subject to high volatility and various restrictions limiting the convertibility of RUB to other 
currencies. 
The onset of one or more of the risks described above may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.14 
Contracts with bond and credit insurers, particularly monoline insurers, are exposed to a significant 
risk of default as these insurance companies are threatened by insolvency. 
The Group is exposed to the default risk associated with OTC derivatives (i.e., non-standardised derivatives that 
are not traded on a stock exchange, but "over the counter") vis-à-vis bond and credit insurers, including monoline 
insurers (i.e., insurers that exclusively offer credit insurance for the issuers of bonds and other market players) and 
Credit Derivative Product Companies ("CDPCs"). Some of these OTC derivatives are CDSs. These are reported on 
the Group's balance sheet at fair value. Factors affecting the fair value of CDSs include the expected default risk of 
the financial instrument underlying the hedge and that of the party issuing the CDSs. A significant percentage of 
such CDS contracts has recently been restructured, with the Group deciding to terminate certain private finance 
initiative and utility intermediation transactions. The Group now, directly or indirectly, benefits from financial 
guarantees from a monoline insurer on the related bond positions, which are, to a large extent, accounted for at 
amortised cost. The situation of monoline insurers and CDPCs remains uncertain. As these companies often solely 
specialise in insuring bonds, a crisis situation with increasing defaults could strongly affect the default risk of the 
insuring companies. Defaults could require the Group to revalue such financial instruments, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.15 
In addition to its traditional lending business, the Group is also exposed to credit risk extending 
significantly beyond the risks from traditional bank lending, such as swap and derivative 
transactions. The Group may not be able to fulfil its obligations under such transactions and not 
receive payments owed to it, or the Group's reputation could be negatively affected. 
In addition to the risk that third parties who owe money, securities or other assets to companies of the Commerzbank 
Group may not meet their obligations, the Group is also exposed to credit risk in many business areas outside the 
traditional banking business activities of deposit-taking and lending. 
Credit risk outside the traditional lending business may arise, for example, from entering into swap agreements or 
other derivative transactions in which counterparties have payment obligations to the Group. Other examples are 
forwards/futures, currency and commodity transactions that are not settled at the agreed time due to the 
counterparty's non-performance or due to the realisation of a settlement risk, i.e., due to system malfunctions on the 
part of a clearing agent or stock markets, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries. 
The parties to these contracts may fail to meet their obligations to the Group as a result of insolvency, political and 
economic events, liquidity shortages, operational failures or for other reasons. This could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
Credit risk outside the traditional banking business also exists for the Group in the field of derivative transactions. 
Certain credit derivatives require the Group to deliver the underlying security, loan or other liability to the 
counterparty in order to receive payment. This could result in the Group not receiving the payments owed to it or at 
least in a delay in settling the transaction. In some cases, the Group may not hold the underlying asset or may be 
unable to deliver it. This could have a negative impact on the Group's reputation and affect its ability to engage in 
future business. It could also give rise to increased costs for the Group. For example, certain CDS contracts require 
physical delivery of the defaulted underlying bond to receive the agreed insurance premium. As the demand for 
these bonds may be high due to the demand of the CDS owners who are obliged to make physical deliveries, the 
price for the defaulted bonds may be much higher than expected or it may even be difficult to deliver these bonds. 
This could also have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.16 
The Group's hedging strategies could prove to be ineffective and the Group may not be able to 
liquidate or hedge risky positions in a timely manner, to the desired extent or on acceptable terms. 
The Group utilises a range of instruments and strategies to hedge risks. If these instruments and strategies prove 
to be partly or entirely ineffective, the Group could sustain losses that were intended to be hedged. In addition, 
hedging strategies incur costs and the Bank may not be able to liquidate or hedge risky positions in a timely manner, 
to the desired extent or on acceptable terms as a result of insufficient liquidity in the market. 
Unforeseen market developments may have a significant impact on the effectiveness of hedging measures adopted 
by the Group. Gains and losses from ineffective risk-hedging measures can increase the volatility of the income 
generated by the Group, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position and results 
of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
In addition, the Group is, in some cases, hedging against risks related to crises such as the financial and sovereign 
debt crises, the COVID-19 pandemic or the Russia-Ukraine war, which may be difficult or inadequate. The effects 
of crises on different counterparties and the assessment of those counterparties by the markets also depend on 
psychological factors. These assessments may to some extent vary sharply within a short period of time, thereby 
leading to fluctuations in market values and liquidity of instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.17 
The Group is exposed to credit risk-related reductions in the value of collateral that is not real 
property, particularly in the case of financial instruments. 
The Group engages significantly in the repo and derivatives business, primarily with financial institutions. The value 
of the collateral posted in connection therewith by the Group's borrowers may fluctuate unexpectedly and, in the 
event of a simultaneous default by the borrower, lead to unexpected losses, particularly if the valuation of the 
securities underlying the transactions correlates to the borrower's credit rating. Such a loss may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
The value of the collateral provided to the Group for hedging against credit risk is subject to fluctuations under 
certain circumstances. This applies to collateral that is not real property, and in particular to securities whose value 
is subject to significant fluctuations in volatile markets. Write-downs on collateral provided may necessitate an 
increase in loan loss provisions to cover acute and latent loan default risks, and an increase in risk-weighted assets 
may increase the Group's capital charge, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.18 
The Group faces substantial competitive pressures, particularly in its interest rates and brokerage 
business. 
There is substantial competition in Germany, Poland and the other countries in which the Group operates for banking 
services and other products and services that the Group provides. The Group's banking operations face varying 
levels of competition. The Group seeks to maintain customer loyalty and retention, which can be influenced by a 
number of factors, including service levels, prices and attributes of products and services, financial strength and 
actions taken by competitors. If the Group is unable to effectively compete through offering attractive and profitable 
products and service offerings, it may lose market share or incur losses on some or all of its activities. 
Competition in the financial services industry is affected by a high level of consolidation, both at national and 
international levels, in the markets in which the Group operates as well as by the emergence of alternative 
distribution channels for many of the products offered by the Group. Consumer demand, technological changes 
disruptive to the established banking industry, regulatory actions and other factors also affect the competition that 
the Group faces. The failure by the Group to manage these competition risks could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, results of operations and financial position.  
The recent increase in interest rates, including in Germany, is enabling banks to improve their interest margins and 
thereby also boosting the income trend across the entire financial sector. However, the fierce national competition 
among German banks means that earnings potential in retail banking remains limited even with improved interest 
margins, especially as deposit rates are also adjusting further over time. In addition, central banks, such as the Fed 
or the ECB in particular, may decide to change course in favour of an interest rate reduction policy given the 
heightened danger of a recession in their economic areas. 
As in the dominant interest-bearing business, the growth prospects in banks' trading businesses are currently 
positive. However, many institutions have partially or even completely withdrawn from direct trading in the past. 
The banking sector can benefit at least indirectly because rising market volatility, together with increasing trading 
volumes, is leading to higher commission income in securities transactions. However, the Group's income and profit 
from its brokerage business and other commission-based or fee-based business might become under pressure as 
uncertain economic growth prospects may lead to a lower number and volume of transactions carried out by the 
Group for its customers. Moreover, the fees earned by the Group for managing securities portfolios depend primarily 
on the value and performance of the holdings being managed. The market situation and a change in investor 
behaviour may reduce the value of these securities portfolios. This may lead to a drop in income generated by the 
securities business in the private customer business. In addition, FinTechs and neobrokers intensifying their 
competitive activities with aggressive pricing offers may reduce the volume of traded securities with Commerzbank. 
2.1.1.19 
The Group may be unable to place certain products it produces in the market and the products that 
are placed may not perform as expected, which could result in liability or financing commitments. 
The Group develops various products, for example in connection with residential mortgage loans or consumer loans 
for private and small-business customers. Developing products involves costs and considerable expenses are 
sometimes incurred in advance of the product launch. If the product then cannot be placed in the market, such

--- Page 25 ---
25 
expenses and the time and effort committed to developing the product may prove to have been wasted. This can 
lead to related assets being disposed of at a lower price or having to be written off. 
In addition, a product which is developed by the Group or by a third party but marketed and placed by the Group 
may perform differently than expected over time. Negative performance of the product, whether in its entirety or 
partially, may lead to claims by investors against the Group and may also lead to draw downs of commitments made 
by the Group with respect to the product. 
The onset of any of the aforementioned risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results 
of operations and financial position. 
2.1.1.20 
The markets in which the Group is active, particularly the private and corporate customer business 
and investment banking activities in the German market and the entire Polish market, are 
characterised by intense competition, which results in considerable pressure on margins and could 
continue to materially adversely impact the Group's revenues and profitability.  
Commerzbank Group competes in Germany and internationally for customers, investors and employees. In Europe, 
it principally competes with the European universal banks with a leading position in each domestic market. In 
Germany, the banking sector overall is characterised by a high level of fragmentation and intense competition. 
Competition often leads to conditions that result in margins that are economically unattractive or inadequate 
considering the associated risks. 
The banking sector in Poland is also characterised by intense competition and the resulting pressure on margins. 
In addition, based on consistent application of modern IT technology and a highly focused product offering, new 
market entrants, such as FinTechs and non-banks, are also increasingly competing for customers and share of 
wallet. 
If the Group does not succeed in providing its products and services on competitive terms and in achieving margins 
that, at a minimum, compensate for the costs and risks associated with its business activities, or if the Group is 
unable to respond to the competitive environment with attractive product and service offerings, it may lose market 
share or incur losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and 
results of operations. 
2.1.1.21 
The Group is dependent on the regular supply of liquidity, and a market-wide or company-specific 
liquidity shortage could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position 
and results of operations.  
The Group regularly requires liquidity in order to refinance its business activities and is therefore generally exposed 
to liquidity risk as part of its business model, i.e. the risk that it is unable to meet its current and future payment 
commitments at all or in a timely manner, or that it can only refinance itself at unacceptably high costs. 
In general, liquidity risk can occur in terms of intraday liquidity risk, which means that the Bank is not able to settle 
its intraday payment obligations with one of its market counterparts or within a payment system, and it can also 
occur in terms of a structural liquidity mismatch, which means a mismatch between the market liquidity of assets 
and the funding liquidity of liabilities, which may ultimately materialise as intraday liquidity risk if the Bank is not in a 
position to take mitigating actions in time. 
In the event of certain market movements or a rating downgrade, the Bank may be faced with additional collateral 
requirements, which could constitute a burden to the Bank's liquidity position as the additional collateral would need 
to be funded. 
In the event of refinancing difficulties, the Group could be forced to dispose of assets held by it for less than their 
book values and to limit its business activities. Measures of this nature could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.22 
The Group's options for securing longer-term refinancing through Pfandbriefe (as defined below) 
could be limited by an impairment of the liquidity of the covered bond markets. 
"Pfandbriefe" are covered bonds issued under the German Covered Bond Act (Pfandbriefgesetz). Commerzbank 
issues mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe), which are collateralised by residential mortgage loans and 
commercial real estate loans, and public sector Pfandbriefe (Öffentliche Pfandbriefe) which are collateralised by 
public sector loans. The issuance of Pfandbriefe is an important element of the Group's medium and long-term 
refinancing strategy. An impairment of the liquidity of the covered bond market, for example due to stricter cover 
requirements imposed by rating agencies, could restrict the issuance of Pfandbriefe. To the extent that the Group's 
business operations are thereby limited, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial position.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
2.1.1.23 
A downgrade in the rating of Commerzbank and its subsidiaries may make refinancing more difficult 
or more expensive and entitle counterparties to terminate derivative transactions or demand 
additional collateral. 
The rating agencies S&P and Moody's are mandated by the Group to assess the creditworthiness of Commerzbank 
to determine whether the Group will be in a position to meet its contractually agreed credit obligations in the future. 
In addition, Commerzbank's rating is also an important comparative element for counterparties in competition with 
other banks. It also has a considerable influence on the ratings of Commerzbank's significant subsidiaries.  
The Bank's credit ratings are subject to change at any time and its credit ratings could be downgraded as a result 
of many factors, including the failure of the Bank to successfully implement its strategies or general downgrading of 
the credit ratings of financial institutions in the German banking sector. A downgrade of Commerzbank's rating would 
likely have a negative impact on the costs of the Group's equity and debt capital and could result in the creation of 
new liabilities or the acceleration of repayment obligations under existing liabilities that depend on the maintenance 
of a specific rating. A downgrade or the mere possibility of a downgrade of Commerzbank's rating or the rating of 
one of its subsidiaries may have a detrimental effect on the respective entity's customer relationships and sales of 
products and services. A downgrade may also have a negative impact on Commerzbank's eligibility to act as a 
counterparty to derivative transactions, or the Bank might no longer be considered as a counterparty for derivative 
transactions. The costs of derivatives transactions could also increase if additional collateral were needed in 
connection with rating-dependent collateral agreements for derivatives transactions. Furthermore, should the rating 
of Commerzbank or one of its subsidiaries be downgraded to a rating below the four highest rating levels (i.e. below 
investment grade), this could significantly impair the operating businesses of Commerzbank or the relevant 
subsidiary and, consequently, also affect the funding costs for all Group entities. 
Any of the aforementioned risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position 
and results of operations. 
2.1.1.24 
The Group is exposed to a large number of operational risks, including the risk that employees will 
enter into excessive risks on behalf of the Group or violate applicable rules, laws or regulations 
while conducting business activities and thereby cause considerable losses.  
As part of its normal business activities, the Group conducts a large number of complex transactions in a wide range 
of jurisdictions and is exposed to a variety of related operational risks. These risks include, in particular, the 
possibility of inadequate or erroneous internal and external workflows and systems, human error, regulatory 
problems and violations of applicable laws, regulations and rules and provisions in connection with the conduct of 
its business activities (e.g. greenwashing claims regarding Commerzbank's growing sustainable portfolio). 
Violations of applicable laws, regulations and rules may lead to official and/or criminal investigations resulting in 
fines or other measures (e.g. violations in connection with combating money laundering and the financing of 
terrorism, regarding compliance with rules on sanctions and embargoes, or tax law). 
As several recent cases relating to competitors have shown, banks can suffer significant sudden losses if employees 
take on excessive risks, particularly if they do so with the intent to cause damage or in circumvention of internal 
rules and controls, or if the processes designed to prevent such excessive risks prove to be insufficient, and if such 
risks then materialise. Such risks and losses may sometimes not be recognised until the risks have materialised 
and the losses occurred, which can be several years later. There can be no assurance that the Group will not also 
be affected by such risks or losses in the future. Internal control and safety mechanisms for the prevention of such 
incidents may prove to be insufficient in this respect or may be intentionally circumvented. 
In addition, external events such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks on critical infrastructure, wars, 
pandemics (such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic) or other states of emergency could significantly impair the 
environment in which the Group is operating and thus indirectly affect the Group's internal processes, in particular 
in case of any resulting restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines or prolonged closures of workplaces. Such 
events could result in the Group incurring substantial losses, as well as reputational damage.  
While the Group endeavours to hedge operational risks by implementing appropriate control processes tailored to 
its business and the market and regulatory environment in which it operates, such measures may prove ineffective. 
The Group also endeavours to insure itself against numerous operational risks, but it is not possible to obtain 
insurance coverage on the market for all operational risks at commercially acceptable terms. 
Should certain or all of the aforementioned risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.25 
The Group is highly dependent on complex IT systems and control environments whose ability to 
function may be impaired by internal and external circumstances. 
Large-scale institutional banking activities, including those conducted by the Group, are increasingly dependent on 
highly sophisticated IT systems to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions, many of

--- Page 27 ---
27 
which are complex, across numerous and diverse markets, and in many currencies. The Group's operations rely on 
the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in its IT systems and its IT 
platform, mainly operated by the Group itself, with support from third-party service providers. Complex IT systems 
are vulnerable to a number of problems, including unauthorised access or malicious hacking, computer viruses or 
other malicious code and other external attacks or internal breaches that could have a security impact, as well as 
physical damage to vital IT centres and computer damage, the default of service providers and vendors, operational 
errors and software or hardware errors. Failures in the Group's control environment, including errors in the 
performance of processes or security controls, as well as loss of data, may disrupt business and lead to material 
losses. At the same time, the Bank may also face risks of material losses or reputational damage, if services are 
not provided as agreed, or in line with internal standards, which could result in regulatory penalties and financial 
losses.  
Furthermore, the Group may fail to implement regular enhancements that are required for all IT systems and control 
environments to meet the demands imposed by constant changes in business, accounting and regulatory (including 
tax) requirements as well as IT security requirements. In particular, compliance with regulatory guidelines, political 
events and internal reorganisation impose substantial demands on the functionality of the Group's IT systems and 
will continue to do so. Changing work patterns, such as employees working from home and teams being distributed 
in different locations, also increases the need for the robustness of the Group's emergency action plans and IT 
environment. 
If the Group fails to ensure the functioning of its IT systems or if any of these risks materialise otherwise, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.26 
The Bank's operational systems are subject to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks and other internet 
crime which could result in losses of customer and other information, unavailability of services, 
damage to the Bank's reputation and regulatory proceedings, litigation and material financial losses. 
Among the operational risks Commerzbank faces is the risk of the security of the Bank's IT systems and control 
environments, or third-party IT systems, being breached due to unauthorised access to networks or resources, 
infiltration by computer viruses or malware, and other forms of cyber-attacks or internet crime (such as phishing). 
Such breaches could threaten the confidentiality of customer data, commercially sensitive data and other 
confidential or sensitive information, as well as the overall integrity or availability of the Bank's or third parties' data, 
systems or services. While Commerzbank and its third parties devote resources towards protecting their computer 
systems against such breaches, such measures may not be sufficient and effective against all threats. In particular, 
considering the Bank's global footprint and the volume of transactions Commerzbank processes, errors and 
malfunctions may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remedied. 
Several financial institutions have experienced attacks on computer systems, including attacks aimed at obtaining 
unauthorised access to confidential company or customer information or damaging or interfering with company data, 
resources or business activities. Activists, nation states, criminal organisations, insiders and opportunists are among 
those targeting computer systems. Cyber-attacks have become increasingly frequent and sophisticated in recent 
times, raising the risk profile of many organisations around the world. Cyber security is growing in importance due 
to factors such as the continued and increasing reliance on the technology environment. 
The technological advancements also pose demands on data privacy, security, and other information security risks. 
For example, as the use of artificial intelligence becomes widespread, there are also increased risks to cybersecurity, 
such as distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks, the criminal use of deepfakes, and more sophisticated social 
engineering attacks. Cybercrime groups may have the capability to use machine learning techniques to automate 
the deployment and operation of malware campaigns. 
Financially motivated and other sophisticated cyberattacks, including ransomware, can be observed as persistent 
threats across industries and are expected to become more frequent. Additional threats are posed by supply chain 
attacks, an increasing frequency of critical software vulnerabilities potentially exploited by threat actors (zero-day 
exploits), and an expanding threat surface introduced by, for example, remote ways of working or the usage of cloud 
services. 
The Group has experienced attacks on computer systems, including attacks aimed at obtaining unauthorised access 
to confidential company or client information, damaging, or interfering with company data, resources, or business 
activities, or otherwise exploiting vulnerabilities in its infrastructure, including attacks that occurred at the Bank's 
third-party providers. Due to increased geopolitical tensions, cyber-attacks on financial institutions across Europe 
have increased further. The Group expects to continue to be the target of such attacks in the future. 
It is possible that the Bank or third parties may not be able to anticipate and effectively prevent all such attacks. A 
successful attack could have a significant negative impact on the Bank, e.g., due to the disclosure or misuse of 
customer data, third-party or proprietary information, interruptions or malfunctions in customers', counterparties' or 
third parties' operations, computer systems being unavailable or damaged, additional losses and costs for the Bank

--- Page 28 ---
28 
or the Bank being exposed to reputational damage, customer dissatisfaction and potential regulatory or litigation 
exposure. 
If any of the aforementioned risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.27 
The Group is required to make significant investments in order to ensure a competitive IT landscape 
and to comply with regulatory requirements. There can be no assurance that new IT systems will 
function properly or that the targeted IT competitiveness can be achieved through investments. 
Outsourcing of IT applications could lead to a loss of control, loss of innovation, loss of 
organisational trust and higher than expected costs. 
The Group's IT landscape is heterogeneous and complex. In various segments, the Group has to catch up in order 
to ensure a competitive IT landscape and comply with regulatory requirements. There continues to be a considerable 
need for investment in the digitalisation of business processes. Extensive updates are being implemented in the IT 
landscape of the Group. Due to the dynamic development, the process areas of the authorisation procedures for 
user access and in particular the management of IT risks are also in a continuous improvement process. If the 
targeted level of IT competitiveness cannot be reached through investments, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that new or updated IT systems will function properly. Likewise, there can be no 
assurance that these new or updated IT systems will meet applicable regulatory requirements. 
In addition, Commerzbank continues to outsource the development, maintenance and operation of a number of IT 
applications. This could increase the risks of loss of control, loss of innovation, loss of organisational trust and higher 
than expected transition and operating costs, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.28 
The growing significance of external electronic trading platforms and increasing competition by 
operators of such platforms may have an adverse effect on the Group's business operations. 
The use of modern technologies is of central importance for the banking sector and the Group's business. 
Continuous growth in electronic trading and the introduction of related technologies are changing the manner in 
which banking business is conducted and are giving rise to new challenges. Securities, futures and options trading 
is increasingly carried out electronically. Some of the electronic trading platforms through which these transactions 
are carried out are in competition with the systems currently used by the Group, and it is expected that further growth 
of electronic trading platforms will intensify this competition in the future. In addition, the increasing use of low-cost 
electronic trading platforms by the Group's customers offering them direct access to trading markets may lead to a 
reduction in the brokerage commissions and margins generated by the Group, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.29 
The Group is exposed to risks as a result of its direct and indirect pension obligations. 
Commerzbank and its subsidiaries have various direct and indirect pension obligations towards their current and 
former staff. These obligations constitute uncertain liabilities for accounting purposes, as the precise timing and 
duration of the payment obligation is not fixed. These obligations therefore entail various risks. In issuing a 
commitment to grant direct pension payments, the Group assumes risks that are similar to those of a life insurance 
company (for example, fluctuation risks, balance sheet valuation risks, longevity risks, administrative risks, 
inflationary risk). The assets set aside to meet future pension payments (referred to as plan assets) are subject to 
risks typically associated with capital investment. Balance sheet risks may also arise as a result of accounting 
changes and changes in the discount rate. Related obligations, such as in respect of early retirement, part-time 
employment for older employees and long-service anniversaries, are subject to similar risks. Additionally, the 
magnitude of existing pension provisions may also increase due to judicial rulings and changes in law (for example 
with reference to factors such as equal treatment, adjustment, non-forfeitability and the pensionable age). If any of 
these risks materialise, this could have a materially adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and 
results of operations. 
2.1.1.30 
A further increase in the contributions to the German Pensions Protection Fund could put 
considerable strain on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
In the event of a company's insolvency, the German Pensions Protection Fund (Pensions-Sicherungs-Verein 
Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) will, subject to certain conditions, assume the obligations arising out of 
existing occupational pension schemes. It is financed through annual contributions aligned to the losses arising from 
insolvencies in a given year. In the past, an increasing number of corporate insolvencies in Germany led to a 
considerable increase in the amount of such required contributions. A further increase in the number of corporate 
insolvencies (for example, during a recession) could lead to further material increases in contributions, particularly 
for large companies. Such an increase could also have a significant adverse effect on Commerzbank and its German

--- Page 29 ---
29 
subsidiaries, which could in turn have a materially adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and 
results of operations. 
2.1.1.31 
The Group depends on its senior management and key employees and it may be unable to attract 
and retain qualified staff in the future, maintain an appropriate culture and employee relations. 
The future operating results of the Group depend to a large extent upon the continued contributions of its senior 
management and key employees. The Group could be adversely affected if any of its senior managers or key 
employees ceases to actively participate in the management of its business. In addition, the Group depends in large 
part on its ability to attract, train, retain and motivate highly qualified management and employees, especially in 
areas which remain strategic. There is, however, significant competition for employees with the level of experience 
and qualifications in the banking market the Group depends on.  
A further risk relating to employees is the Group's challenge to compensate the loss of know-how and key personnel 
as a result of the employee reduction measures implemented as part of "Strategy 2024". Knock-on effects can 
impact the overall employee motivation, which in turn can have adverse financial implications for the Group. 
In the future, it may be increasingly difficult for the Group to hire and retain qualified personnel. The Group may lose 
some of its most talented personnel to competitors, which could adversely affect the business of the Group and 
prevent it from retaining and attracting customers, managing existing and new legal and regulatory obligations, 
implementing and monitoring internal financial reporting policies and procedures, or maintaining or improving 
operational performance. 
While the Group endeavours to counteract the risk of losing know-how as a result of the departure of key employees 
through various measures, such as the most recent employer branding campaign, the ongoing update of recruiting 
processes for professionals and young talents as well as a variety of employee engagement, loyalty and 
development programmes for different employee groups (including leadership qualification), these measures may 
prove ineffective to attract and retain highly qualified employees. This risk is exacerbated by a shortage of qualified 
people in the market, especially due to the ongoing demographic change. If the Group's efforts to attract and retain 
employees fail, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
In line with that, the Group continually develops and promotes an appropriate culture that drives and influences the 
activities of its business and staff and its dealings with customers in relation to managing and taking risks and 
ensuring risk considerations continue to play a key role in business decisions. It is senior management's 
responsibility to ensure that the appropriate culture is embedded throughout the organisation.  
Basically, the Group's employees have the right to join or form trade unions. Even though the Group adheres to 
established industrial relations mechanisms in each jurisdiction in which the Group operates and seeks to ensure 
transparency, fairness and collaboration in all its dealings with employees, a deterioration in employee relations, 
including as a result of strikes, industrial action or other labour conflicts, may occur and lead to a reduced level of 
service provided by the Group to its customers, which could result in reputational damage impacting the Group's 
business, result of operations and financial position. 
2.1.1.32 
The Group is exposed to climate and environmental risks that impact its customers, such as 
extreme weather events and the transition to a low carbon economy. 
Commerzbank Group does not consider environmental risks as a separate type of risk but as a horizontal risk that 
may have an impact on and exacerbate various other risks, such as credit risk or market risk. Therefore, the Group 
carries out a comprehensive annual materiality analysis for environmental risk across all material risk types for the 
Commerzbank Group as part of the annual risk inventory process, taking into account the requirements of the ECB's 
"Guide on climate-related and environmental risks". In this process, all risk types assessed as material in the risk 
inventory are evaluated in terms of factors such as their materiality in relation to climate-related and biodiversity 
risks considering both transition and physical risks as well as different time horizons. In 2023, the influence of 
environmental risk for the risk types credit risk, market risk, operational risk, reputational risk and business risk was 
assessed as material. The results of the materiality analysis feed into business strategy, the overall risk strategy 
and the sub-risk strategies as well as into other core elements of the Bank's internal process to ensure an adequate 
capital position. Generally, environmental risks can materialize in the above-mentioned risk types differently, e.g. 
via increased credit defaults or lawsuits related to environmental topics, impacting the Group's financial and non-
financial metrics. 
2.1.1.33 
The Group may be exposed to risks that are either not identified or inadequately assessed by its 
existing risk management.  
While the Group has developed and implemented principles, procedures and evaluation methods for the monitoring 
and identification of risks, they may fail to identify, assess and anticipate appropriately all relevant risks to which the 
Group may be exposed. Some of the quantitative measurement methods and categories in risk management are

--- Page 30 ---
30 
based on empirical values gained from Commerzbank's knowledge of historical market developments. Statistical 
and other methods are applied to these empirical values in order to quantify the risks. In addition, quantitative risk 
management models do not take all risks into consideration and make numerous assumptions in respect of the 
market environment that are not based on concrete events. The use of models outside their defined scope of 
application may result in inaccurate assessments. As a result, risks may arise from factors which are not anticipated 
by the statistical models applied or which are not appropriately assessed. The losses potentially incurred as a result 
may be substantially higher than historic data suggests. 
Models are used extensively in Commerzbank's risk management not only for the measurement of risks, but also 
for the calculation of risk-bearing capacity. These models could prove to be faulty and could significantly 
overestimate or underestimate risks. 
Each of these failures to identify, assess or anticipate appropriately relevant risks could, if it materialises, have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.1.34 
The reporting of the Group's results of operations and financial condition is determined by the 
applicable accounting standards, its accounting policies and methods, and requires management 
to make estimates about matters that are uncertain, and changes in accounting standards or in the 
Group's accounting policies could materially affect how the Group reports its financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Accounting standards, policies and methods are fundamental to how the Group records and reports its results of 
operations and financial condition. Management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these 
accounting policies and methods so they comply with applicable accounting standards, especially IFRS. 
Management has identified certain accounting policies which require management's judgment to ascertain the value 
of assets and liabilities. 
The estimates and assumptions that the Group uses in preparing its financial statements are based on premises 
that management finds reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. A variety of factors could 
affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset 
or reducing a liability. Although the Group has established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended 
to ensure that these critical accounting estimates and assumptions are well controlled and applied consistently, 
there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will always be effective. In addition, the policies and 
procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. 
Because of the uncertainty surrounding the Group's estimates and assumptions pertaining to these matters, the 
Group cannot guarantee that it will not be required to make changes in accounting estimates or restate prior period 
financial statements in the future. 
In addition, from time to time, the IASB, the EU and/or other regulatory/standard-setting bodies change the 
accounting and financial reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Group's financial statements. These 
changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the Group records and reports its results of 
operations and financial condition. In some cases, the Group could be required to apply a new or revised standard 
retrospectively, resulting in restating prior period financial statements. The IASB, the EU and/or other 
regulatory/standard-setting bodies may make other changes to accounting and financial reporting standards that 
govern the preparation of the Group's financial statements. Any such change in the Group's accounting policies or 
accounting standards could materially affect its reported results of operations and financial position. 
For example, Commerzbank is required to make contributions to the SRF (as defined below) and the Compensation 
Scheme of German Private Banks ("EdB") (see "2.1.2.2 Regulatory reforms proposed in the wake of financial crises 
or otherwise, for example charges such as the bank levy, a possible financial transaction tax, the separation of 
proprietary trading from deposit-taking business, stricter disclosure and organisational obligations, or more 
burdensome tax laws, may materially influence the Group's business model and competitive environment." and 
"2.1.2.6 Increased contributions toward statutory and private deposit guarantee schemes as well as any (special) 
charges for rescuing banks in economic difficulties could have a detrimental impact on the Group's business 
performance."). Commerzbank made use of the option to meet part of its contributions for the SRF and the EdB in 
the form of cash collateral and irrevocable payment commitments ("IPCs"). The IPCs are reported as contingent 
liabilities. Following a ruling by the European General Court against another bank on 25 October 2023 (T-688/21), 
which confirmed the retention, in the event that a bank's authorisation is withdrawn, of contributions in the amount 
of the IPCs that it had made, Commerzbank re-examined during the 2023 financial year its accounting treatment of 
the cash collateral it had provided and the IPCs it had made. Since the applicant has lodged an appeal against this 
ruling, a final ruling from the European Court of Justice ("ECJ") is yet outstanding. In the annual financial statements 
as at 31 December 2023, the cash collateral provided is still capitalised as other assets. Commerzbank considers 
the recoverability of the cash collateral to be given. It will continue to treat the irrevocable payment commitments as 
contingent liabilities. This is based on the assumptions that it is unlikely that Commerzbank's authorisation will be 
withdrawn and that no significant resolution or compensation event that will have to be covered by the relevant

--- Page 31 ---
31 
protection schemes is expected in the foreseeable future. If the assumptions underlying the current accounting 
approach change, this could result in future charges against earnings of up to a low three-digit million Euro amount 
in connection with the IPCs. 
2.1.2 
Risks arising from regulation affecting the Bank 
2.1.2.1 
Stricter regulatory capital and liquidity standards and procedural and reporting requirements may 
call into question the business model of a number of the Group's activities, adversely affect the 
Group's competitive position, reduce the Group's profitability, or make the raising of additional 
equity capital necessary.  
The regulations of various national and international legislators, supervisory authorities and standard-setting bodies 
(e.g. the European Commission, the German legislator, the ECB, the German Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, "BaFin"), the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
and the EBA) have made regulatory capital and liquidity standards as well as procedural and reporting requirements 
for financial institutions increasingly stricter in recent years. 
In particular, on 20 May 2019, the European Union adopted Directive (EU) 2019/878 amending Directive 2013/36/EU 
("CRD IV", and, as amended, the "CRD V"), Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
("CRR", and, as amended, the "CRR II"), Regulation (EU) 2019/877 amending the Council Regulation (EU) No 
1024/201 ("SRM Regulation", and, as amended, the "SRM Regulation II") and Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending 
the Directive 2014/59/EU ("BRRD", and, as amended "BRRD II") (all legislative amending acts together the 
"Banking Reform Package"). The Banking Reform Package came into force on 27 June 2019, with certain 
provisions gradually being phased-in and other provisions subject to national implementation. 
As part of the Banking Reform Package, new regulations have been introduced while others have become more 
stringent. These include, among others: 
• 
a binding non-risk based leverage ratio requirement set at 3% of Tier 1 capital for all institutions, 
complementing the already existing requirements, the introduction of which may constrain Commerzbank's 
ability to grow in the future or which could even require Commerzbank to reduce its business volumes and 
will most likely impact Commerzbank in the short-term to medium-term; 
• 
a net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") requirement aimed at matching exposures with stable funding sources, 
complementing the liquidity coverage framework including monitoring of the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR"), 
which could force Commerzbank to adapt its financing structure and business model to comply with 
regulations modified in connection with these. The requirement to hold additional liquidity is likely to entail 
higher financing costs; 
• 
revised rules on capital requirements for counterparty credit risk and for exposures to central counterparties; 
• 
a revised framework for mandatory bank-specific capital add-ons (Pillar 2 requirement) and combined buffer 
requirements separating such requirements from supervisory recommendations to hold additional capital 
(Pillar 2 guidance) more clearly and establishing a clear stacking order; 
• 
targeted amendments to the credit risk framework to facilitate the disposal of non-performing loans and to 
reflect EU specificities; and 
• 
enhanced minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) with subordination rules, which 
will be gradually phased-in, and restrictions to distributions in case of MREL breaches. 
While the European Commission proposed on 28 April 2020, for example, to postpone certain requirements of CRR 
II such as the leverage ratio buffer and to extend the transition period applying to the effects from the implementation 
of IFRS 9 on common equity tier 1 capital to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and certain other 
mitigating measures were put in place, the trend towards more stringent regulatory requirements can be expected 
to continue in the future, as evidenced by current negotiations relating to the still pending reforms under the 
framework of "Basel III: Finalising post-crisis reforms" issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(BCBS) on 7 December 2017 (also called "Basel IV" reforms). 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a draft legislative package amending the Capital 
Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU (the proposed amended directive being referred to as "CRD VI") and the Capital 
Requirement Regulation 575/2013 (the proposed amended directive being referred to as "CRR III") for consultation 
("2021 Banking Package"). The 2021 Banking Package aims to implement the final Basel IV reforms with some 
specific changes and to strengthen the resilience of the banking sector to environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) risks. 
The proposal includes, among other aspects, (i) the introduction of an output floor for internal model based 
calculations of own funds requirements, (ii) changes to the standardised approach for credit risk, (iii) the introduction

--- Page 32 ---
32 
of revised criteria used to assign positions to the trading book or the banking book and binding own funds 
requirements for market risk (FTRB), (iv) clarifications regarding the calculation of credit valuation adjustment risk, 
(v) an EBA mandate on the adoption of the FSB recommendations for the introduction of minimum collateral haircuts 
for some non-centrally cleared SFT trades between banks and non-banks, (vi) a new standardised approach to 
replace all existing approaches for operational risks, (vii) specific rules for the management of ESG risks as well as 
(viii) the expansion and revision of supervisory powers. 
The European Commission's proposal indicates an application date of 1 January 2025, with transitional 
arrangements applying over a further five-year period. The impact of the Basel IV reforms options is expected to 
lead to a weighted average increase in EU banks' minimum capital requirements after the envisaged transitional 
period. 
ECB supports the Commission's CRR III and CRD VI proposals but believes that the differences – or gaps between 
the Basel III standards and the CRR III proposals will leave European banks exposed to pockets of unaddressed 
risks as it underestimates the riskiness of some important asset classes (in particular real estate exposures and 
unrated corporate exposures). The European Parliament approved the amendments on 24 April 2024. The final 
approved version is expected to be published in the EU’s Official Journal within the next weeks. 
The business volumes and business activities of the Group's various business divisions will continue to be materially 
affected by the stricter regulatory capital requirements. Banks must maintain certain minimum capital ratios and, in 
certain circumstances, build up additional capital buffers. Stress tests analysing the robustness of the banking sector 
are also regularly carried out and published by national and supranational supervisory authorities. The aim of the 
EU-wide stress test is to assess the resilience of EU banks to a common set of adverse economic developments in 
order to identify potential risks, inform supervisory decisions and increase market discipline. 
Commerzbank cannot rule out that, as a result of such stress tests, it may be required to build up additional or higher 
capital buffers under so-called "Pillar 2" requirements and guidance. If a bank fails to build up and maintain the 
required capital buffers, it will be subject to restrictions on payments on own funds instruments (such as paying 
dividends, for example), share buybacks, and discretionary compensation payments. The results of the bi-annual 
EU-wide stress test by EBA/ECB taking place in 2025 could impact Pillar 2 requirements directly (P2G calibrated 
by stress results) or indirectly (P2R through the Supervisory Risk and Evaluation Process (SREP) score). 
Since Commerzbank's different business operations generate risk assets and use equity and liquidity to varying 
degrees, more stringent own funds and eligible liabilities requirements and liquidity requirements, such as the 
requirements forming part of the Banking Reform Package and the 2021 Banking Package, could force 
Commerzbank in the future to cease potentially profitable but disproportionately capital-intensive business 
operations. In addition to regulatory provisions, the market could require financial institutions such as Commerzbank 
to maintain capital levels above the regulatory minimum, which could exacerbate the aforementioned effects on 
Commerzbank or, should Commerzbank not increase its capital to the level demanded, lead to the perception in the 
market that it is generally undercapitalised in comparison to its competitors. Moreover, the requirements to increase 
capital ratios could force Commerzbank to pursue a strategy that is focused on capital conservation and raising 
instead of generating revenue and profit growth. 
The onset of one or more of the aforementioned risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business 
model, business, financial position and results of operations. The same applies for any non-compliance with 
regulatory requirements for own funds or liquidity which will likely trigger supervisory measures such as restrictions 
on distributions (including the payments of interest in respect of the Notes) or, in the worst case, withdrawal of the 
banking license or commencement of recovery or resolution measures. 
2.1.2.2 
Regulatory reforms proposed in the wake of financial crises or otherwise, for example charges such 
as the bank levy, a possible financial transaction tax, the separation of proprietary trading from 
deposit-taking business, stricter disclosure and organisational obligations, or more burdensome tax 
laws, may materially influence the Group's business model and competitive environment. 
The 2008 financial crisis prompted German and foreign governments, regulators and other authorities to propose a 
variety of reforms of the regulatory framework governing the financial sector, some of which have already been 
implemented. These proposals included the creation of a single supervisory mechanism (SSM) comprising the ECB 
and the respective national supervisory authorities, restrictions on proprietary trading, registration obligations and 
operational requirements, disclosure and clearing obligations for derivative transactions, an extension of the powers 
of supervisory authorities, the banning of deposit-taking for certain business areas, far-reaching interventions such 
as a financial transaction tax, the statutory separation of classic banking business from investment banking in order 
to make traditional credit and deposit-taking business independent from investment banking, or the splitting up of 
financial institutions that supervisory authorities consider too big to fail in order to reduce the risk of their collapse. 
In addition, regulations adopted in foreign countries (such as in the United States) must be observed to the extent 
that these also have an impact on the business activities of Commerzbank in Germany or other countries (e.g. the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd Frank Act") or the Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act ("FATCA")). This leads to substantial compliance work to be carried out by Commerzbank in order 
to demonstrate that it complies with the corresponding rules. 
Commerzbank was subject to the German bank levy (Bankenabgabe) which was introduced at the beginning of 
2011. With implementation of Directive 2014/59/EU into German law, this bank levy implements the contributions 
from credit institutions and investment firms provided for in Directive 2014/59/EU. In connection with the SRM (as 
defined below), the Single Resolution Fund ("SRF") has been established. The SRF is funded by contributions from 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in participating member states. These contributions shall be raised at 
least annually in order to reach a certain target funding. If the funds raised are insufficient to deal with the resolution 
of a credit institution or investment firm, further contributions can be raised from credit institutions and investment 
firms, including from Commerzbank. The obligation to pay such contributions could have a material adverse effect 
on Commerzbank's business, financial position or results of operations (see also "2.1.2.6 Increased contributions 
toward statutory and private deposit guarantee schemes as well as any (special) charges for rescuing banks in 
economic difficulties could have a detrimental impact on the Group's business performance."). 
The effects of regulatory changes, new levies or tax duties or burdens on Commerzbank may adversely affect the 
profitability of the Commerzbank Group or lead to higher financing or capital costs, or even to limitations in respect 
of the business which Commerzbank is permitted to conduct. Furthermore, implementing the necessary changes 
could also take up management's attention and resources to a significant extent. Should proposals that would 
require Commerzbank to substantially change its business model be adopted, the resulting changes may impair the 
Group's business and therefore could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and 
results of operations. 
The Group's activities are subject to tax at various rates globally, which are computed in accordance with local 
legislation and practice. The Group's business, including intra-group transactions, is conducted in accordance with 
the Group's interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations and instructions from the tax authorities in the 
relevant countries. However, the applicable laws, tax treaties, court tax practice and tax authority administrative 
practice may change over time and the changes may have a retroactive effect in taxation. Any future legislative 
changes or decisions by tax authorities in Germany and other jurisdictions where the Group is active may impair the 
tax position of the Group and could materially increase the Group's tax burden. 
2.1.2.3 
European and German recovery and resolution legislation may have regulatory consequences that 
could restrict Commerzbank's business activities and lead to higher refinancing costs. 
Pursuant to the European and German recovery and resolution legislation, banks and securities companies are 
required to prepare recovery plans and participate in the preparation of resolution plans by the competent resolution 
authority. The competent regulatory authority may trigger early intervention measures to confront a critical financial 
situation. If the requirements for resolution are met, the competent resolution authority may order that all obstacles 
to resolution be eliminated and, in turn, undertake a range of measures, including the use of resolution tools, in 
particular the bail-in tool which would most likely result in a write-down of the Notes (see also "2.2.4.2 The Notes 
may be written down (without prospect of a potential write-up in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) or converted into equity, and the terms of the Notes may be varied to the detriment of the Holders, by the 
competent resolution authority."). 
Furthermore, banks are generally required to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(Minimum Requirement for Eligible Liabilities, "MREL") which will be determined by the competent resolution 
authority for each institution and the group to which it belongs on an annual basis or at other intervals determined 
by the authority. Under BRRD II and SRM Regulation II, MREL requirements will become stricter, in particular with 
regard to the eligibility of debt instruments for MREL purposes and with regard to possible subordination 
requirements.  
Commerzbank was informed of a formal MREL requirement from the SRB and an implementing decision by BaFin 
with a letter dated 16 May 2023. The resolution approach is a multiple point of entry (MPE) approach with two 
separate resolution groups. Resolution group A consists of Commerzbank group without mBank sub-group and 
resolution group B consists of mBank sub-group. Commerzbank has to comply with the MREL requirement solely 
for resolution group A. The MREL requirement is binding as of 1 January 2024. It is expressed as a percentage of 
the total risk exposure amount ("TREA") and stands at 23.40% and the leverage ratio exposure ("LRE") which 
stands at 6.53%. The MREL requirement was calculated based on the SRB's 2022 MREL policy and is based on 
data as of 31 December 2021. Additionally, Commerzbank received a formal MREL subordination requirement of 
15.76% TREA and 6.53% LRE. 
In connection with the provisions regarding the "maximum distributable amount related to the minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities" ("M-MDA") Commerzbank has to fulfil the current combined buffer requirement 
in relation to resolution group A ("CBR") in addition to the TREA MREL requirement. As of 31 March 2024, the CBR

--- Page 34 ---
34 
is at 4.58% TREA. Therefore, the TREA MREL requirement including the CBR is at 27.98% TREA, respectively 
20.34% TREA for the subordination requirement. 
On 13 May 2024, Commerzbank was informed of a new formal MREL requirement from the SRB and an 
implementing decision by BaFin with which the decision of 16 May 2023 was repealed. The new MREL requirement 
is binding as of 13 May 2024. It is expressed as a percentage of the TREA and stands at 23.44% and the LRE which 
stands at 6.78%. The MREL requirement was calculated based on the SRB's 2023 MREL policy and is based on 
data as of 31 December 2022. Additionally, Commerzbank received a formal MREL subordination requirement of 
18.07% TREA and 6.78% LRE. 
Based on data as of 31 March 2024, Commerzbank complied with the MREL TREA requirement with a ratio of 
32.56% and the MREL LRE requirement with a ratio of 8.91%. In more detail, the MREL ratio as of 31 March 2024 
is composed of 21.79% of TREA (5.96% LRE) of own funds instruments (including amortized amounts (regulatory) 
of Tier 2 instruments with a maturity of more than one year), 6.75% of TREA (1.85% LRE) of non-preferred senior 
obligations with a maturity of more than one year (non-preferred senior status in accordance with § 46f of the German 
Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) or by contract) and 4.01% of TREA (1.10% LRE) of other MREL eligible 
instruments with a maturity of more than one year (preferred senior unsecured instruments). Commerzbank meets 
the subordination requirement with a ratio of 28.54% of TREA (7.81% LRE). 
The above-mentioned regulatory requirements and any more stringent requirements in the future will most likely 
result in an increase in refinancing costs, which could have an adverse effect on the Group's profitability. 
Furthermore, Commerzbank could be required to restrict the Bank's business or take other measures to ensure the 
Bank's resolvability in compliance with relevant legal and regulatory specifications and any other possible 
regulations. These steps could adversely affect the Bank's business, financial position and results of operations. If 
the use of resolution tools is ordered with respect to Commerzbank, this may also result in losses for the Bank's 
shareholders and creditors, including holders of the Notes. 
2.1.2.4 
Commerzbank Group may fail to comply with environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
standards and expectations which could adversely impact the Group's business and reputation. At 
the same time, compliance with certain ESG standards as well as the introduction of new regulatory 
requirements as regards ESG factors may pose additional challenges to the Group's business and 
result in increased costs. 
Commerzbank Group must increasingly meet environmental, social and governance ("ESG") standards and 
expectations regarding environmental concerns (e.g., climate change and nature), social concerns (e.g., diversity 
and human rights), and corporate governance concerns (e.g., employee relations) when making business and 
financing decisions. Commerzbank Group may not always be able to identify and adequately assess the relevant 
concerns, which may result in failure to meet ESG standards and expectations of stakeholders or the public. In 
addition, Commerzbank may not be able to meet the targets and objectives as regards ESG which the Bank set for 
itself and communicated to the public. Any such failure could adversely impact the Group's reputation and may 
make an investment in the Notes ineligible for certain investors. At the same time, compliance with certain ESG 
standards may pose challenges to the Group's business and lead to additional costs in the business. For example, 
Commerzbank Group becomes increasingly subject to sustainability regulations, such as Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector and Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") or the 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (EU) 2022/2464. These regulations require or will require 
Commerzbank to include information at entity level and at product level with regard to certain financial products on 
whether or not it takes into account adverse sustainability impacts, whether or not it promotes environmental or 
social characteristics and whether or not it meets one or more of the environmental objectives as set out in the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation. Also, in light of the EBA action plan on sustainable finance, the European Green Deal by the 
European Commission and other preparatory steps taken by the EU legislator, Commerzbank expects the 
implementation of ESG factors into the prudential framework by 2025. 
These measures could lead to revisions of risk management frameworks, and may, in combination with the objective 
of transparency and long-termism in financial and economic activity, lead to a shift in the business strategies of 
financial institutions in general, including Commerzbank with respect to their strategical behaviour. More specifically, 
the Group is expected to become subject to additional regulatory requirements, such as additional disclosure and 
monitoring obligations as regards ESG aspects of its operations and its business. Also, a green supporting factor 
and a brown penalising factor may be introduced by supervisory authorities such as the European Banking Authority 
(EBA), which are, respectively, a discount and an add-on to the weighting of capital risk for investments in "green" 
companies or in companies which produce significant greenhouse gas emission. While it is currently not possible to 
predict whether and how this regulatory development will affect the Group precisely, it may have various negative 
implications for the Group's business model and impact it already prior to 2025. For example, Commerzbank may 
face increased costs due to the (expected) introduction of additional regulatory requirements in relation to the ESG 
factors and may no longer be able to take advantage of certain business opportunities (or only at the cost of higher

--- Page 35 ---
35 
capital charges and monitoring efforts). In addition, there is a risk that, inadvertently, Commerzbank Group may 
falsely declare certain financial products, investments or other measures as compliant with relevant ESG standards 
which could cause additional costs and reputational damage. Furthermore, costs associated with meeting ESG 
standards and expectations but also physical impacts of climate change or legal risks for those deemed responsible 
for climate change may negatively affect the financial performance of Commerzbank's customers and other 
counterparties. This would increase the exposure of the Group to default risks (see also "2.1.1.7 The Group is 
exposed to credit risk, including in respect of large individual commitments, large loans and commitments 
concentrated in individual sectors (referred to as bulk risk), as well as loans to debtors that may be particularly 
affected by the sovereign debt crisis or the secondary effects of crisis-related economic uncertainty and geopolitical 
tensions (e.g. the Russia-Ukraine war and the Middle East conflict)."). 
2.1.2.5 
The regulatory and banking supervisory frameworks for the Group in those jurisdictions outside of 
Germany in which it operates may change at any time, and non-compliance with such regulatory 
provisions may result in the imposition of penalties and other disadvantages, including the loss of 
official licenses. 
The Group's business activities outside Germany are regulated and supervised by the central banks and regulatory 
authorities of those countries in which the Group operates. In each of these countries, a banking license or at least 
notification to the national regulatory authorities is required for Commerzbank, its subsidiaries, its branches and 
sometimes its representative offices as well, and in some cases for the Group in its entirety. Additional requirements 
may be imposed on the regulated entities in the event of changes to the regulatory provisions in one or more 
countries, which may occur at any time. This could hamper their ability to operate in certain business areas or even 
bar them from such business areas completely. This holds particularly true in light of the United Kingdom having left 
the EU. In addition, infringement of provisions which do not fall directly within the scope of bank supervision law may 
also have regulatory consequences. Moreover, complying with amended regulatory requirements may entail a 
material increase in the Group's administrative expense. Each of these risks may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial position and results of operations. 
2.1.2.6 
Increased contributions toward statutory and private deposit guarantee schemes as well as any 
(special) charges for rescuing banks in economic difficulties could have a detrimental impact on the 
Group's business performance. 
Increased contributions toward statutory and private deposit guarantee schemes could have a detrimental impact 
on 
the 
Group's 
business 
performance. 
The 
Compensation 
Scheme 
of 
German 
Private 
Banks 
(Entschädigungseinrichtung deutscher Banken GmbH) may also levy special contributions to finance contribution 
payments. No upper limit has been set for these special contributions. In addition, the Deposit Protection Fund of 
the Association of German Banks (Einlagensicherungsfonds des Bundesverbandes deutscher Banken e. V.), which 
is the supplementary voluntary deposit protection scheme of German private banks in which Commerzbank 
participates, is also funded by annual and special contributions by its participating institutions. These contributions 
may rise in future. A similar risk arises at the level of subsidiary banks belonging to the Group in respect of possible 
increased contributions payable by the Group to non-German deposit protection schemes. Increased payments 
such as this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
2.1.2.7 
Statutory measures introduced to support borrowers in Poland or elsewhere may negatively impact 
the Group's business performance.  
Commerzbank's subsidiary mBank S.A. is based and mainly operates in Poland. In July 2022, the Polish 
government has implemented statutory measures to support borrowers (the "Act on Support for Borrowers") in 
Poland with the following three pillars: 
• 
"Credit holidays": These enabled retail borrowers in Poland to defer without interest their monthly 
instalments for current mortgage PLN loans up to eight times until the end of 2023. 
• 
Increase of the Borrower Support Fund, an existing hardship fund for borrowers by additional mandatory 
contributions from Polish banks. 
• 
Replacement of the Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate ("WIBOR"). 
In May 2024, the Act on Support for Borrowers was amended to extend the possibility of deferring their monthly 
instalments for mortgage loans, after meeting certain conditions, up to four times in 2024. These "credit holidays" 
apply to both the principal and interest payments of the loan. The instalment repayment deadlines are extended 
without additional interest for such deferral periods. 
It cannot be excluded that Poland further extends such statutory measures or introduces new measures in the future 
aiming at supporting local borrowers, which could burden mBank. Furthermore, it cannot be excluded that other 
jurisdictions introduce similar measures in the future to support local borrowers. Any of such measures have already

--- Page 36 ---
36 
had in the past and could further have in the future a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
2.1.3 
Legal and compliance risks  
2.1.3.1 
Litigation, arbitration, investigations and other proceedings may arise in connection with 
Commerzbank's business activities, the outcomes of which are uncertain and which entail risks for 
the Group. 
The Group operates in a large number of jurisdictions subject to different legal and regulatory requirements, and is 
from time to time involved in a variety of court and arbitration cases, claims, official investigations and other legal 
proceedings in connection with a broad range of issues. They include, for example, allegations of defective advice, 
disputes in connection with credit finance or payment transactions, entitlements to occupational pensions, allegedly 
false accounting and incorrect financial statements, enforcement of claims due to tax issues, allegedly incorrect 
prospectuses in connection with underwriting transactions, alleged violations of antitrust and competition laws, and 
cases brought by shareholders and other investors as well as investigations by supervisory authorities. Applicable 
sanctions regimes may result in the Group being prevented from fulfilling obligations towards customers or business 
partners and, as a result, the Group may be subject to legal action.  
In addition, changes to case law and the interpretation of applicable laws, e.g., in the private customer business, 
from time to time result in additional claims being brought against the Group. In such court cases, claimants are 
primarily asking for the payment of compensation, repayments on account of unjust enrichment or the reversal of 
agreements already entered into. If the courts were to find in favour of one or more of the claimants in these cases, 
Commerzbank could be liable to pay compensation, which could in some cases be substantial, or could incur the 
expense of reversing agreements or of other cost-intensive measures. 
Supervisory authorities and governmental institutions in various countries in which Commerzbank and its 
subsidiaries are or have been active have for some years been investigating irregularities in connection with the 
fixing of foreign exchange rates and with foreign exchange business in general. Commerzbank was also subject to 
such investigations and it was approached by supervisory authorities and governmental institutions with requests 
for information. Commerzbank has cooperated fully with these bodies and also looked into the relevant matters on 
the basis of its own comprehensive investigations. The cases are no longer active with the exception of one case in 
which the investigating authority transferred the matter to the national competition tribunal. Financial consequences 
cannot be ruled out. Furthermore, investigations by public prosecutors' offices, supervisory authorities or other public 
authorities may result in the imposition of compliance measures, fines or other administrative measures and 
sanctions, and may also lead to civil proceedings with customers. Examples for such litigation and investigations 
include the following: 
• 
In May 2017, a Polish court admitted a class action lawsuit against mBank S.A., a subsidiary of 
Commerzbank, alleging the ineffectiveness of index clauses in loan agreements denominated in Swiss francs 
(CHF). A total of 1,731 plaintiffs have joined the class action. The claimants had appealed against the 
dismissing judgement of the court of first instance. In January 2024, the court of appeal referred the case 
back to the court of first instance for a new hearing. 
In addition and unrelated to the class action, numerous borrowers have filed individual lawsuits for the same 
reasons. 22,953 individual proceedings were pending as at 31 March 2024 (31 December 2023: 22,602). The 
subsidiary has contested these claims. 
As at 31 March 2024, there were 5,288 final rulings relating to loans indexed in foreign currencies in individual 
proceedings against the subsidiary, of which 109 were decided in favour of the subsidiary and 5,179 were 
decided against the subsidiary. 
On 25 April 2024, the Polish Supreme Court decided, among other things, that the limitation period for a 
bank's claim for repayment generally begins when the borrower asserts invalidity. In some cases, this may 
result in the bank’s claim for repayment of the capital being time-barred. 
The written reasoning for the judgement is not available yet. mBank will monitor the evolution of the case law 
following the decision of the Polish Supreme Court, the further course of the discussion on the interpretation 
of the decision, as well as a possible legislative initiative, and will continue to examine possible implications 
for the provisions. 
It cannot be ruled out that future events, such as decisions of the Polish Supreme Court or the ECJ, may have 
a significant negative impact in the future on the estimation of the legal risk connected with mortgage loans 
denominated in CHF or other foreign currencies. 
The subsidiary established a settlement programme beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022 that is aimed at 
all customers with active loans indexed in Swiss francs, including those who already have lawsuits against 
the bank. Customers will be offered the option of having their loans converted into zloty loans with a fixed or

--- Page 37 ---
37 
variable interest rate as well as the cancellation of an individually negotiated part of the outstanding loan 
value. As at 31 March 2024, the subsidiary had accounted for risks in connection with future settlement 
payments in the amount of EUR 246 million. 
The subsidiary is continuously looking into the implications of court rulings and decisions and, to the extent 
required, examines and adjusts the parameters of the model, such as the expected number of borrowers who 
will still sue, the nature of the expected court judgements, the amount of the bank's loss in the event of a 
judgement and the acceptance rate for settlements. The methodology used to calculate the provision is based 
on parameters that are varied, discretionary and in some cases associated with considerable uncertainty. 
Fluctuations in the parameters as well as their interdependencies and rulings of the Polish courts and the 
ECJ may mean that the amount of the provision has to be adjusted significantly in the future. 
As at 31 March 2024, the portfolio of loans indexed in foreign currencies that have not been fully repaid had 
a carrying amount of PLN 2.9 billion. The portfolio of fully repaid loans and loans for which a settlement had 
been agreed or final ruling had been issued amounted to PLN 11.9 billion at the time of disbursement. Overall, 
the Group recognised a provision of EUR 1.9 billion as at 31 March 2024 (31 December 2023: EUR 1.9 billion) 
for the risks arising from the matter, including potential settlement payments and the class action lawsuit. This 
relates almost exclusively to loans indexed in Swiss francs. In the case of loans that have not yet been fully 
repaid, the legal risks are taken into account in the gross carrying amounts of the receivables directly when 
estimating the cash flows. 
These legal proceedings may eventually result in material payment obligations for the subsidiary, and could 
even exceed the provisions recorded, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial position and results of operations. 
• 
The public prosecutor's office in Frankfurt is investigating equity transactions conducted by Commerzbank 
and the former Dresdner Bank (that was merged into Commerzbank in 2009) around the dividend record date 
(cum-ex transactions). Commerzbank had already initiated a forensic analysis of cum-ex transactions at the 
end of 2015, which was concluded in early 2018 in respect of Commerzbank's equity transactions and in 
September 2019 in respect of the equity transactions of the former Dresdner Bank. All back taxes demanded 
by the tax authorities have been paid. The public prosecutor's office in Cologne has been investigating 
Commerzbank since September 2019 in connection with a separate case concerning cum-ex transactions. 
The Cologne public prosecutor's office is investigating on suspicion that the Bank (including Dresdner Bank) 
was involved in cum-ex transactions in various roles, including by supplying shares to third parties who were 
allegedly acting as short sellers. According to the current understanding, these proceedings do not involve 
Commerzbank's own tax credit claims with regard to capital gains tax and solidarity surcharge on dividends. 
The Bank is cooperating fully with authorities conducting investigations into cum-ex transactions. It is currently 
not possible to predict whether this will result in any financial impact on the Group or the potential amount 
thereof. 
• 
Based on the circular on cum-cum transactions published by the German Federal Ministry of Finance ("BMF") 
in 2017, the Group's tax auditors commented on the treatment of these transactions in the form of audit notes. 
The tax office reduced the credit for capital gains taxes accordingly. In response, Commerzbank made value 
adjustments to tax credits shown on the balance sheet and recorded additional provisions for possible 
repayment claims in order to reflect the changed risk assessment. The BMF published a revised version of 
its circular on cum-cum transactions on 9 July 2021. In view of the potential impact of the BMF circular, the 
provision was further adjusted in the second quarter of 2021. While the Group believes that the tax risks 
arising from this issue is currently adequately covered by the recorded provisions, further charges exceeding 
such provisions cannot be ruled out. 
With respect to securities lending transactions, Commerzbank is exposed to compensation claims (including 
in court) by third parties for crediting entitlements that have been denied. In the context of these securities 
lending transactions, the contracting parties were obligated to reimburse Commerzbank for dividends and 
retained capital gains taxes. However, the tax offices of various contracting parties partially refused or 
subsequently refused corresponding crediting against corporate income tax. 
• 
In April 2021, the German Federal Court of Justice ruled on the mechanism for changes to banks' general 
terms and conditions (AGB Banken) in a case against another bank and declared the relevant clauses of the 
general terms and conditions to be void. This mechanism stipulated that the customer's consent to certain 
changes in the contract was given after a certain period of time if the customer had not objected. The Bank 
has examined the impact of this case law on its business units and products, as the charges introduced or 
increased for consumers as a result of the mechanism for changes to banks' general terms and conditions 
may be void. In some cases, the Bank has received claims for repayment. 
• 
In June 2023, the Bank was sued for payment in a Russian court by the beneficiary of a guarantee that the 
Bank had issued on behalf of a customer in Germany. In 2021, the Bank had issued a performance guarantee

--- Page 38 ---
38 
on behalf of a customer in favour of a Russian company, to secure the Bank’s customer’s liabilities under a 
construction contract. Due to the applicable sanction regime, the Bank’s customer could not provide its 
contractual services. The Russian company then demanded payment from the Bank under the guarantee. 
The applicable sanctions regime is preventing the Bank from performing its obligations under the guarantee. 
The decision on the merits is still pending; the Russian court has however issued a freezing order relating to 
assets of the Bank and its subsidiary in Russia, Commerzbank (Eurasija) AO ("Commerzbank (Eurasija)"). 
Commerzbank is defending itself against the action. The Bank has initiated an ICC arbitration proceeding, 
requesting a declaratory judgment that Commerzbank has no obligation to pay under the guarantee; the 
outcome is still pending. The Bank has also initiated an anti-suit injunction before a court in London. The court 
in London has issued an injunction, prohibiting the Russian company from continuing the proceedings in 
Russia, as the action violates the arbitration agreement under the guarantee.  
Additionally, Commerzbank and its Russian subsidiary Commerzbank (Eurasija) are being sued in Russia by 
customers of a Russian settlement and clearing institution which maintains accounts with Commerzbank in 
Germany. The claimants have in turn deposits with the settlement and clearing institution. The Commerzbank 
customer and its assets (including the credit balance on the accounts) are subject to the applicable sanction 
regime. Therefore, claimants cannot access their deposits with the settlement and clearing institution and 
therefore demand damages from Commerzbank in the amount of their respective deposits with the 
Commerzbank customer. Commerzbank (Eurasija) has no contractual relations with the Russian settlement 
and clearing institution or with its depositors. In March 2024, the court of first instance issued a judgement in 
one of the cases, ordering Commerzbank and Commerzbank (Eurasija) to pay damages. In another case, 
the court has issued a freezing order.  
Commerzbank is defending itself against the actions. The proceedings in Russia are subject to considerable 
uncertainties, and it cannot be excluded that further assets of the Bank and Commerzbank (Eurasija) could 
be seized. It can also not be excluded that additional proceedings will be initiated based on further claims 
and/or further costs may arise in this context resulting in considerably higher losses. Pending and future 
proceedings (and any of these) could have a significant impact on Commerzbank (Eurasija), and indirectly on 
Commerzbank up to a full loss of (i) the net assets of Commerzbank (Eurasija) plus currency translation 
reserve (i.e., effects resulting from the translation into Euro as the reporting currency of Commerzbank) and 
(ii) the net claims of Commerzbank against Commerzbank (Eurasija). 
Litigation, arbitration, investigations and other legal proceedings are characterised by a large number of 
uncertainties and it is not possible to predict their outcome with certainty. The Group recognises provisions for legal 
proceedings if liabilities are likely to result therefrom and the amounts for which the Group is likely to be liable can 
be determined with sufficient accuracy. Consequently, associated risks may in certain cases be difficult to quantify 
or may not be quantifiable at all. It is therefore possible that losses resulting from pending, threatened or future 
proceedings will exceed the provisions recognised, or that no provisions had been recognised for the relevant 
matter. Some of these cases could also have a material negative impact on the Group's reputation. As a result, 
substantial additional expense may be incurred, in particular with respect to the class action and individual 
proceedings regarding the ineffectiveness of index clauses in foreign currency denominated loan agreements 
described above. Each of these factors could result in a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
2.1.3.2 
The Group is a globally active banking group and as such subject to laws, regulations and 
guidelines in various countries, and the Group is exposed to risks associated with possible 
violations thereof. 
The Group is operating globally and as such is subject to a wide array of laws, rules, regulations and administrative 
guidelines and recommendations it has to comply with in various countries. Compliance risk includes, in particular, 
the risks associated with money laundering, terrorist financing, sanctions/embargoes, data protection, markets 
compliance, distribution and sales of financial products, fraud, bribery and corruption as well as human rights and 
environmental 
violations 
according 
to 
the 
German 
Supply 
Chain 
Due 
Diligence 
Act 
(Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz). Investigations by State prosecutors' offices, supervisory authorities or other 
public authorities may result in the imposition of compliance measures, fines or other administrative measures and 
sanctions, or lead to civil proceedings with customers. In recent years, enforcement of laws and regulations against 
financial institutions has become more intrusive, resulting in several landmark fines against financial institutions. In 
addition, the Group cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which it might be 
subject or the way existing laws might be administered or interpreted. Furthermore, there is a greater focus by 
regulators on the overall effectiveness of financial institutions' efforts to tackle financial crime beyond issues of mere 
technical compliance which requires constant enhancement of and investment in their overall financial crime 
response. 
While the Group has implemented security measures and internal controls for its transactions, customers, products 
and processes to ensure compliance with material legal provisions and requirements, Commerzbank has in the past

--- Page 39 ---
39 
been, and may in the future be, subject to investigations and other administrative proceedings in relation to 
compliance violations that have resulted, and may in the future result in, the imposition of compliance measures, 
fines and other administrative measures and sanctions, some of which are still effective today and require ongoing 
compliance. 
Compliance violations and any resulting fines or other administrative measures and any possible negative impact 
on the reputation of Commerzbank and its subsidiaries may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial position and results of operations.  
2.2 
Risks associated with an Investment in the Notes 
Words and expressions used in this section and not otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The purchase of the Notes involves significant risks arising as a result of specific characteristics of the Notes. The 
risk factors relating to the Notes are organized in the following categories depending on their nature: 
• 
"2.2.1 Risks relating to the status of the Notes and their regulatory qualification"; 
• 
"2.2.2 Risks relating to Interest Payments and the structure of the interest rate under the Notes"; 
• 
"2.2.3 Risks relating to an early redemption of the Notes"; 
• 
"2.2.4 Risks relating to a Write-down, Resolution Measures and a subsequent Write-up of the Notes"; 
• 
"2.2.5 Risks relating to an investment in the Notes"; 
• 
"2.2.6 Risks relating to certain provisions of the Terms and Conditions"; and 
• 
"2.2.7 Risks relating to taxation". 
2.2.1 
Risks relating to the status of the Notes and their regulatory qualification 
2.2.1.1 
The obligations under the Notes are deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer. There is a 
significant risk that Holders of Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent or is liquidated. Irrespective of, and even prior to, the opening of insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer, a prohibition on payments under the Notes may apply. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
If resolution measures are imposed on the Issuer, or in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or 
composition of the Issuer, or if other proceedings are opened for the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the 
Issuer, the obligations under the Notes shall rank, subject to applicable law from time to time, 
(A) 
junior to  
(i) 
the claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including, but not limited to, claims against the 
Issuer under its non-preferred senior debt instruments within the meaning of § 46f(6) sentence 1 KWG), 
(ii) 
the claims specified in § 39(1) nos. 1 to 5 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung – "InsO"), 
(iii) 
the claims of subordinated creditors of the Issuer which do not, pursuant to (B) and (C) below, rank pari 
passu with, or junior to, the claims under the Notes, 
(iv) 
all other claims of creditors of the Issuer which pursuant to mandatory law (including pursuant to 
§ 46f(7a) sentence 3 KWG) have to be satisfied with priority to AT1 Instruments unless already 
captured in (i) through (iii), and 
(v) 
the claims under Tier 2 Instruments (the obligations of the Issuer referred to in (i) through (v), together 
the "Senior Ranking Obligations") 
provided that in any such event, no amounts shall be payable in respect of the Notes until the Senior Ranking 
Obligations of the Issuer have been satisfied in full; 
(B) 
pari passu amongst themselves and with the claims against the Issuer under other AT1 Instruments and 
claims under other instruments which pursuant to mandatory provisions of law rank pari passu with AT1 
Instruments; and 
(C) 
senior to the claims in respect of common equity tier 1 items of the Issuer pursuant to Article 26 CRR II, in 
particular (but not limited to) claims under ordinary shares. 
If the Notes in their entirety no longer qualify as AT1 Instruments or other own funds instruments within the meaning 
of Article 4(1) no. 119 CRR, the obligations under the Notes will, pursuant to § 46f(7a) KWG rank in priority to all

--- Page 40 ---
40 
obligations under own funds instruments. Furthermore, pursuant to § 46f(7a) of the German Banking Act, claims 
under the Issuer's existing AT1 Instruments which rank pari passu with Notes issued under this Programme at the 
time of the issuance will rank senior to claims against the Issuer under the Notes if and when such capital instruments 
cease to qualify as own funds within the meaning of the CRR, irrespective of the ranking provisions contained in 
such other capital instruments. 
"AT1 Instrument" means any capital instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as additional tier 1 instrument pursuant 
to Article 52 CRR II at the relevant time. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any capital instrument or subordinated loan instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as a 
Tier 2 instrument pursuant to Article 63 CRR II at the relevant time. 
No Holder may set off his claims arising under the Notes against any claims of the Issuer. No collateral or guarantee 
is or shall at any time be provided to secure claims of the Holders under the Notes. Any collateral or guarantee 
already provided or granted in the future (as the case may be) in connection with other liabilities of the Issuer may 
not be used for claims under the Notes.  
Furthermore, the Holders will have limited ability to influence the outcome of any insolvency proceeding or a 
restructuring outside insolvency. In the course of insolvency proceedings over the assets of the Issuer, the Holders 
will not have any right to vote in the assembly of creditors (Gläubigerversammlung). Accordingly, the Holders may 
only affect the outcome of a restructuring to a very limited extent. 
Therefore, in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or composition, or any other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency, there is a significant risk that a Holder of Notes will lose all or some of its investment. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in relation to payments of principal or interest include the conditions that, 
on the date on which the relevant amount of principal or interest is scheduled to be paid, (i) the Issuer is neither 
over-indebted within the meaning of § 19 InsO nor illiquid within the meaning of § 17 InsO on the date of the relevant 
payment, and (ii) the payment of the relevant amount would not result in an over-indebtedness within the meaning 
of § 19 InsO or illiquidity within the meaning of § 17 InsO of the Issuer. Prospective investors should therefore note 
that irrespective of, and even prior to, the opening of any insolvency or liquidation proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer shall therefore not make a scheduled 
payment of interest or principal if (i) the Issuer is over-indebted within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date of the relevant payment, or (ii) the payment of the relevant amount would result 
in an over-indebtedness within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquidity within the meaning of § 17 InsO of the Issuer. 
Such a prohibition on payment may be in effect for an indefinite period of time and even permanently (see also 
"2.2.2.1 Interest Payments are entirely discretionary and subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. If the Issuer 
elects to cancel an Interest Payment or is prevented from paying interest by law or under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, for example due to a pre-insolvency restriction on Interest Payments, such deferral will be non-
cumulative, i.e. the Issuer will be under no obligation to compensate for such non-payment at any later point in time. 
There will be no circumstances under which an Interest Payment will be compulsory for the Issuer." and "2.2.3.1 The 
Notes have no scheduled maturity and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes neither provide for events of default 
allowing acceleration or termination nor for a redemption option at the discretion of a Holder. Even if the Issuer 
exercises a right to redeem the Notes, it may be prohibited to pay any scheduled amount of principal if a Trigger 
Event is continuing or a pre-insolvency restrictions on payments of principal apply." below). 
2.2.1.2 
There is no negative pledge, covenant or other restriction on the amount or type of further 
instruments, including instruments that depend, amongst others, on the Issuer's Available 
Distributable Items, or other indebtedness that the Issuer may issue, incur or guarantee, including 
instruments that rank pari passu or senior to the Notes. 
The Issuer has not entered into any restrictive covenants in connection with the Notes regarding its ability to dispose 
of its assets, issue or guarantee further instruments or other indebtedness ranking pari passu with or other 
indebtedness ranking senior to claims under the Notes. The disposal of assets or the issuance of further instruments 
which rank pari passu or senior to the Notes may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon liquidation or 
winding-up of the Issuer.  
The issuance of further indebtedness could limit the Issuer's ability to make payments of principal and interest under 
the Notes, in particular where payments of principal or interest on such other indebtedness reduces or must be 
made from the Issuer's Available Distributable Items (as defined below) as if the case for CET1 instruments and 
AT1 Instruments of the Issuer. The issuance of further AT1 Instruments which rank pari passu with the Notes may 
increase the risk that the Issuer must cancel Interest Payments on the Notes if it is subject to payment restrictions 
and applying maximum distributable amounts such as the Maximum Distributable Amount (as defined below) are 
insufficient (see "2.2.2.1 Interest Payments are entirely discretionary and subject to the fulfillment of certain 
conditions. If the Issuer elects to cancel an Interest Payment or is prevented from paying interest by law or under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, for example due to a pre-insolvency restriction on Interest Payments, such

--- Page 41 ---
41 
deferral will be non-cumulative, i.e. the Issuer will be under no obligation to compensate for such non-payment at 
any later point in time. There will be no circumstances under which an Interest Payment will be compulsory for the 
Issuer. Non-payments will not lead to an event of default." and "2.2.2.2 Interest Payments may be excluded and 
cancelled for regulatory reasons, including if the Issuer fails to comply with minimum requirements for own funds, 
capital buffer requirements, additional supervisory capital requirements and requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities."). 
As a result, the trading price of the Notes and the liquidity of the Notes on the secondary market may be materially 
and adversely affected and the Holders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.2.2 
Risks relating to Interest Payments and the structure of the interest rate under the Notes 
2.2.2.1 
Interest Payments are entirely discretionary and subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. If the 
Issuer elects to cancel an Interest Payment or is prevented from paying interest by law or under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, for example due to a pre-insolvency restriction on Interest 
Payments, such deferral will be non-cumulative, i.e. the Issuer will be under no obligation to 
compensate for such non-payment at any later point in time. There will be no circumstances under 
which an Interest Payment will be compulsory for the Issuer. Non-payments will not lead to an event 
of default. 
The Notes accrue Interest Payments in accordance with their Terms and Conditions. However, pursuant to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, no Interest Payments will accrue or be payable by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) if (but only to the extent that): 
(i) 
the Issuer, in its sole discretion, elects to cancel all or part of any payment of interest which would otherwise 
fall due for payment on such Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
such payment of interest together with (1) the amount of a write-up, if any, to be effected as of the relevant 
Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), (2) any additional Distributions that are 
scheduled to be made or have been made on the same day or that have been made by the Issuer on other 
Tier 1 Instruments in the then-current financial year of the Issuer and (3) the total amount of write-ups, if any, 
on any other AT1 Instruments which shall be effected as of the relevant Interest Payment Date (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) or have been effected in the then-current financial year of the Issuer would 
exceed the Available Distributable Items, provided that, for such purpose, the Available Distributable Items 
shall be increased by an amount equal to what has been accounted for as expenses for Distributions in 
respect of Tier 1 Instruments (including payments of interest on the Notes) in the determination of the profit 
on which the Available Distributable Items are based (for the definitions of the terms used in this point (ii) see 
"2.2.2.3 The Issuer's ability to make Interest Payments depends, among other things, on the Issuer's Available 
Distributable Items, which, on any or all Interest Payment Dates, may not be sufficient." below); 
(iii) 
a competent authority orders that all or part of the relevant payment of interest be cancelled or another 
prohibition of Distributions is imposed by law or an authority or any other restriction to make Distributions 
exists under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (including, but not limited to, the calculation of, and the 
compliance with, the Maximum Distributable Amount) (see also "2.2.2.2 Interest Payments may be excluded 
and cancelled for regulatory reasons, including if the Issuer fails to comply with minimum requirements for 
own funds, capital buffer requirements, additional supervisory capital requirements and requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities." below); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer is over-indebted within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquid within the meaning of § 17 InsO on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or to the extent that the relevant 
payment of interest would result in an over-indebtedness or illiquidity of the Issuer. 
"Available Distributable Items" means, with respect to any payment of interest, the distributable items as defined 
in Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR II; at the time of the issuance of the Notes, such term refers to the profit as of the end 
of the financial year of the Issuer immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date, for which audited 
annual financial statements are available, plus any profits brought forward and reserves available for that purpose, 
before distributions to holders of own funds instruments, less any losses brought forward and any profits which are 
non-distributable pursuant to the applicable laws of the European Union or Germany the Articles of Association of 
the Issuer and any sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with the laws of Germany or the Articles 
of Association of the Issuer, in each case with respect to the specific category of own funds of the Notes as AT1 
Instruments to which the applicable laws of the European Union or Germany or the Articles of Associations of the 
Issuer relate, provided that the distributable items and the relevant profits, losses and reserves shall be determined 
on the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with German 
commercial law and not on the basis of its consolidated financial statements. The determination of the Available 
Distributable Items shall be based on the Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the time of the determination and, 
accordingly, only those amounts shall be added or deducted that may be added or have to be deducted (as the case

--- Page 42 ---
42 
may be) for purposes of determining the amounts distributable on AT1 Instruments under the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations. 
"Applicable Supervisory Regulations" means the provisions of bank supervisory laws and any regulations and 
other rules thereunder applicable from time to time (including, but not limited to, the guidelines and recommendations 
of the European Banking Authority and/or the European Central Bank, the administrative practice of any competent 
authority, any applicable decision of a court and any applicable transitional provisions) relating to capital adequacy, 
solvency, other prudential requirements and/or resolution and applicable to the Issuer and/or the banking group to 
which the Issuer belongs from time to time. 
"Maximum Distributable Amount" means the maximum distributable amount determined in accordance with 
§ 10(1) sentence 1 no. 5 (e) KWG in connection with § 37 SolvV for the combined capital buffer requirement in 
accordance with § 10i KWG. 
The Issuer may elect to cancel the payment of any Interest Payment (in whole or in part) on any Interest Payment 
Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) for any reason. In addition, the Issuer will be legally prevented to 
pay interest (in whole or in part) if and to the extent any of the conditions set out under (ii) through (iv) above is 
fulfilled. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should note that irrespective of, and even prior to, the opening of any insolvency 
or liquidation proceedings over the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer shall not make a scheduled payment of interest 
if the condition under point (iv) above is fulfilled. Such a prohibition on payment may be in effect for an indefinite 
period of time and even permanently. The same conditions apply to scheduled payments of principal (see 
"2.2.1.1 The obligations under the Notes are deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer. There is a significant 
risk that Holders of Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or is liquidated. 
Irrespective of, and even prior to, the opening of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, a prohibition on 
payments under the Notes may apply." above and "2.2.3.1 The Notes have no scheduled maturity and the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes neither provide for events of default allowing acceleration or termination nor for a 
redemption option at the discretion of a Holder. Even if the Issuer exercises a right to redeem the Notes, it may be 
prohibited to pay any scheduled amount of principal if a Trigger Event is continuing or a pre-insolvency restrictions 
on payments of principal apply." below). 
No such election to cancel the payment of any Interest Payment (or part thereof) or non-payment of any Interest 
Payment (or part thereof) for the reasons set out under (i) to (iv) above will constitute a default under the Notes for 
any purpose or entitle the Holders or any other person to demand such payment or to take any action to cause the 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer. 
If due to any of the reasons set out above Interest Payments do not accrue and are not paid on any Interest Payment 
Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest Payments will not be paid at any later point of time 
(non-cumulative). Accordingly, Interest Amounts on following Interest Payment Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) will not be increased to compensate for any shortfalls in Interest Payments on any previous Interest 
Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Furthermore, if the Issuer exercises its discretion to cancel Interest Payments on the Notes with respect to any 
Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), this will not give rise to any restriction on the 
Issuer making dividend payments or other distributions or any other payments to the holders of any other 
instruments, including instruments ranking pari passu with, or junior to, the Notes, and the Issuer is entitled to use 
the funds from cancelled payments of interest without restrictions for the fulfillment of its own obligations when due.  
Investors should be aware that there will be no circumstances under which an Interest Payment will be compulsory 
for the Issuer.  
Certain market expectations may exist among investors in the Notes with regard to Commerzbank making Interest 
Payments. Should the Issuer's actions diverge from such expectations or should the Issuer be prevented from 
meeting such expectations for regulatory reasons, any such event which could result in an Interest Payment not 
being made or not being made in full may adversely affect the market value of the Notes and reduce the liquidity of 
the Notes. 
2.2.2.2 
Interest Payments may be excluded and cancelled for regulatory reasons, including if the Issuer 
fails to comply with minimum requirements for own funds, capital buffer requirements, additional 
supervisory capital requirements and requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities. 
Under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations, certain regulatory requirements apply to the Issuer to hold regulatory 
capital, the violation of which may lead to a prohibition or restriction of Interest Payments under statutory law or by 
virtue of a decision of a competent authority of the Issuer. Such regulatory capital requirements include: 
• 
The CRR II requires the Issuer to meet at all times, on a consolidated basis, a minimum amount of total own 
funds of 8% of the risk-weighted assets and also imposes minimum requirements for tier 1 ("Tier 1") capital

--- Page 43 ---
43 
of 6% of risk-weighted assets and CET1 capital of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets (so-called "Pillar 1" 
requirement).  
• 
In addition to the Pillar 1 requirements, and on the basis of the annual supervisory review and evaluation 
process ("SREP"), the ECB has imposed on the Issuer additional individual capital requirements referred to 
as "Pillar 2" requirements which Commerzbank must fulfill with 2.25% own funds, consisting of at least 1.69% 
Tier 1 capital and within that minimum Tier 1 capital requirement at least 1.266% CET1 capital. Consequently, 
Commerzbank may satisfy the Pillar 2 requirements with portions of 0.42% additional tier 1 ("AT1") capital 
and 0.56% tier 2 ("Tier 2") capital. Furthermore, certain capital buffer requirements apply under the German 
implementation of CRD V, which the Issuer must meet with CET1 capital. 
• 
The CRD V also introduced capital buffer requirements that must be met in addition to both the minimum 
capital requirements set forth in the CRR and the Pillar 2 requirements set by the ECB as a result of the 
annual SREP. The capital buffer requirements must be met with CET1 capital and consist of four capital buffer 
requirements usually applied: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the institution-specific countercyclical 
buffer, (iii) the global systemically important institutions buffer (G-SII buffer) or, depending on the institution, 
the other systemically important institution ("O-SII") buffer (which as of the date of this Base Prospectus 
applies to Commerzbank Group), whereby the higher buffer requirement applies, and (iv) the systemic risk 
buffer.  
Insofar as these buffers are not set out in statutory law, BaFin as national competent or designated authority 
is competent to set the buffer rates applicable to the Issuer. In accordance with Article 5(2) of Council 
Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 ("SSM Regulation"), the ECB may, if deemed necessary, set higher buffer 
rates than those applied by BaFin.  
In relation to the countercyclical capital buffer it should be noted that it may fluctuate as it is calculated as a 
weighted average of the countercyclical capital buffers applicable in the various countries where 
Commerzbank Group's relevant credit exposures are located. The countercyclical capital buffers are normally 
set by the national authorities and may differ from country to country. The countercyclical capital buffer is 
hence expected to fluctuate from time to time. As more than half of Commerzbank Group’s RWA are located 
in Germany, any implementation of a national countercyclical capital buffer by the competent German 
supervisory authority will impact the CET1 requirement of Commerzbank Group significantly.  
On 31 January 2022, BaFin enacted a general administrative act by which the national countercyclical capital 
buffer has been increased from 0% to 0.75%, effective from 1 February 2022. The new rate had to be applied 
to calculate the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer with effect from 1 February 2023. 
On 30 March 2022, BaFin enacted a general administrative act by which the systemic risk capital buffer on 
risk-weighted assets on loans secured by residential property has been set to 2%, effective from 1 April 2022. 
The new rate had to be applied to calculate the institution-specific systemic risk capital buffer with effect from 
1 February 2023. 
Commerzbank is required, on a consolidated basis, to maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of at 
least 10.34% based on figures as of 31 March 2024. This CET1 capital requirement includes the minimum Pillar 1 
requirement (4.5%), the CET1 capital portion that is required to meet the Pillar 2 requirement resulting from the 
implementation of CRD V (1.266%), the capital conservation buffer (2.5%), the countercyclical capital buffer 
(0.66%), the systemic risk capital buffer (0.10%) and the requirement deriving from Commerzbank's designation as 
an O-SII (or domestic systemically important bank (D-SIB)) (1.25%). Commerzbank allocated higher quality CET1 
capital to meet the minimum Tier 1 capital requirement that could have been covered with additional tier 1 (AT1) 
capital (0.07%). 
The resulting CET1 capital requirement of 10.34% sets the level below which Commerzbank Group would be 
required to calculate the maximum distributable amount, which is determined in accordance with § 10(1) sentence 
1 no. 5 (e) KWG in connection with § 37 of the German Solvency Regulation (Solvabilitätsverordnung, "SolvV") for 
the combined capital buffer requirement in accordance with § 10i KWG (the "Maximum Distributable Amount"). 
In comparison, Commerzbank's last reported consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 ratio as of 31 March 2024 was 
14.9%. This results in a distance of 455 basis points to the minimum Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (10.34%) below 
which a calculation of the Maximum Distributable Amount would be required.  
If the Issuer fails to meet the combined buffer requirement, which is the case if the Issuer does not have sufficient 
own funds (of the required qualities, as applicable) in an amount needed to meet at the same time (a) its Pillar 1 
minimum capital requirements under the CRR II, (b) any additional capital requirements, such as the "Pillar 2" 
requirements imposed on the Issuer by the ECB on the basis of the annual SREP, and (c) the sum of the capital 
buffers applicable to it, the Issuer will be required to calculate the Maximum Distributable Amount. Until approval of 
a capital conservation plan, the Issuer will be prohibited from making any Interest Payments on the Notes. Upon

--- Page 44 ---
44 
approval of the capital conservation plan or upon specific approval of BaFin to do so, the Issuer will be entitled to 
make Interest Payments on the Notes, however only up to the amount of its Maximum Distributable Amount. As a 
consequence, in the event of breach of the combined buffer requirement it may be necessary to reduce discretionary 
payments, including potentially exercising the Issuer's discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) Interest Payments in 
respect of the Notes. 
Moreover, payments made earlier in the relevant period will reduce the remaining Maximum Distributable Amount 
available for payments later in the relevant period, and the Issuer will have no obligation to preserve any portion of 
the Maximum Distributable Amount for payments scheduled to be made later in a given period. Even if the Issuer 
attempts to do so, there can be no assurance that it will be successful, because the Maximum Distributable Amount 
will depend, among other things, on the amount of profits earned during the course of the relevant period, which will 
be difficult to predict. 
In addition and under certain conditions, the ECB may restrict or prohibit all or part of the Interest Payments as set 
forth in Article 16 (1) in connection with (2) point (i) SSM Regulation. In particular, pursuant to Article 16 (2) point (i) 
SSM Regulation, the ECB has the power to restrict or prohibit distributions by the credit institution to shareholders, 
members or holders of Additional Tier 1 Instruments where the prohibition does not constitute an event of default of 
the institution. Relevant circumstances where the ECB may restrict or prohibit the Issuer from making any Interest 
Payment exist, for example, if the Issuer does not meet the minimum own funds requirements set forth in the CRR II 
or any additional capital requirements ordered by the ECB, such as the "Pillar 2" requirements set by the ECB as a 
result of the annual SREP. 
The MREL framework under the SRM Regulation II and BRRD II confers certain supervisory powers to the SRB 
under SRM Regulation II and to BaFin under the German Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetz – "SAG"), implementing BRRD II in Germany, which allow the competent authority to, for 
example, prohibit payments on AT1 Instruments. Subject to the requirements under the SRM Regulation II, the SRB 
may impose upon the Issuer a prohibition under which it would be prohibited to distribute more than the 'maximum 
distributable amount related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities' ("M-MDA"). The 
prohibition under the M-MDA may be imposed if the Issuer meets the combined buffer requirement, but fails to meet 
the combined buffer requirement when considered in addition to the MREL requirements, and the competent 
authority shall exercise its power in case it finds that the Issuer still fails to meet such requirement nine months after 
such situation has been notified. Unlike under the Maximum Distributable Amount framework of the CRD V, the M-
MDA is not triggered automatically in the first nine-month period following notification of the failure to meet such 
requirement, but rather may only be imposed by the SRB in its discretion. 
In the future, additional restrictions on Interest Payments may be imposed on the Issuer in case the minimum 
leverage ratio framework were to become applicable to the Issuer (see "2.2.2.5 Ongoing and future legislative 
reforms may introduce new restrictions or supervisory powers to impose restrictions with regard to Interest Payments 
on the Notes."). 
Accordingly, even if the Issuer was intrinsically profitable and willing to make Interest Payments, it could be 
prevented from doing so by regulatory provisions and/or regulatory action. Any cancellation of an Interest Amount 
or the perception that the Issuer will need to cancel an Interest Amount to comply with prohibitions and restrictions 
applicable to interest payments on the Notes could have a significant adverse effect on the trading price of the Notes 
and would negatively impact Holders' returns. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions, the 
trading price of the Notes may be more volatile than the trading prices of other interest bearing debt securities that 
are not subject to such prohibitions or restrictions. As a result, the trading price of the Notes may be more sensitive 
generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's financial condition than such other securities and Holders may receive 
less interest than initially anticipated. 
2.2.2.3 
The Issuer's ability to make Interest Payments depends, among other things, on the Issuer's 
Available Distributable Items, which, on any or all Interest Payment Dates, may not be sufficient. 
The Interest Payments depend, among other things, on the future Available Distributable Items (substantially the 
'distributable items' as defined in Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR II from time to time; see also definition below) of the 
Issuer. Interest Payments will not accrue if (but only to the extent that) such payment, together with any other 
payments of dividends or interest (such payments, "Distributions") that are scheduled to be made or have been 
made on the same day or that have been made by the Issuer on other capital instruments, which, according to the 
CRR II, qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 capital or AT1 Instruments ("Tier 1 Instruments") in the then-current 
financial year, would exceed the Available Distributable Items, provided, however, that, for the purposes of this 
determination, the Available Distributable Items shall be increased by an amount equal to the aggregate expense 
accounted for in respect of Distributions on Tier 1 Instruments (including the Notes), when determining the profit 
which forms the basis of the Available Distributable Items (see "2.2.2.1 Interest Payments are entirely discretionary 
and subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. If the Issuer elects to cancel an Interest Payment or is prevented 
from paying interest by law or under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, for example due to a pre-insolvency 
restriction on Interest Payments, such deferral will be non-cumulative, i.e. the Issuer will be under no obligation to

--- Page 45 ---
45 
compensate for such non-payment at any later point in time. There will be no circumstances under which an Interest 
Payment will be compulsory for the Issuer." above). In such event, Holders would receive no, or reduced, Interest 
Payments on the relevant Interest Payment Date. With the annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) and any distributable 
reserves with respect to AT1 Instruments of Commerzbank forming an essential part of the Available Distributable 
Items, investors should also carefully review the risk factors under "2.1 Risk Factors relating to the Commerzbank 
Group" since any change in the financial prospects of the Issuer or its inherent profitability, in particular a reduction 
in the amount of profit or distributable reserves on an unconsolidated basis, may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's ability to make a payment in respect of the Notes. 
In addition, when determining whether Interest Payments under the Notes will or will not accrue, the Available 
Distributable Items shall be determined on the basis of the Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the time of the 
determination. Accordingly, only those amounts shall be added or deducted that may be added or have to be 
deducted (as the case may be) for purposes of determining the amounts distributable on AT1 Instruments under the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations. In this context, it should be noted that the definition of 'distributable items' in 
Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR II has been amended. The Issuer takes the view that the amounts previously blocked for 
distribution are no longer blocked under CRR II for purposes of the Available Distributable Items. In addition, the 
Issuer takes the view that the amendment of the 'distributable items' allows the inclusion of capital reserves for 
purposes of determining the Available Distributable Items. For the avoidance of doubt, however, these restrictions 
on Distributions will continue to apply to Distributions to shareholders. 
Moreover, the interpretation of the amended definition of 'distributable items' and its exact scope are, in the absence 
of a long established supervisory practice, subject to legal uncertainties and there can be no assurance that the 
Issuer may in practice be permitted to calculate the Available Distributable Items for the purpose of distributions 
under the Notes as currently assumed by the Issuer. Hence, no assurance can be made as to, and investors should 
not rely on, the availability of the capital reserve and the amounts blocked for distributions under § 268 (8) or 
§ 253 (6) of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) or any other amounts for increasing the Available 
Distributable Items in the future when determining whether Interest Payments will or will not accrue in light of the 
Available Distributable Items at that time. 
The Issuer's management has broad discretion within the applicable accounting principles to influence the amounts 
relevant for determining the Available Distributable Items and the amount of the Distributions will also be in the 
Issuer's discretion. In addition, the Issuer is not prevented from issuing further Tier 1 Instruments with interest 
payments and other distributions potentially being made thereunder also prior to the Interest Payment Date under 
the Notes in any financial year. This would reduce the Available Distributable Items available for making interest 
payments under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date (see also "2.2.1.2 There is no negative pledge, covenant 
or other restriction on the amount or type of further instruments, including instruments that depend, amongst others, 
on the Issuer's Available Distributable Items, or other indebtedness that the Issuer may issue, incur or guarantee, 
including instruments that rank pari passu or senior to the Notes."). Accordingly, the Issuer is legally capable of 
influencing its ability to make Interest Payments to the detriment of the Holders. 
2.2.2.4 
The manner in which some aspects of the CRD V/CRR II and BRRD II/SRM Regulation II 
framework may be applied, including upon any future amendment, are uncertain. 
Many of the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes depend on the final interpretation or even 
implementation of the CRD V/CRR II and BRRD II/SRM Regulation II framework (including any regulations 
promulgated thereunder and national implementing acts). The CRD V/CRR II and BRRD II/SRM Regulation II 
frameworks are complex sets of rules and regulations that imposes a series of requirements, some of which are still 
subject to transitional provisions and others which will be amended in the near future. Although CRR II and SRM 
Regulation II are directly applicable in each EU Member State, they provide for important interpretational issues to 
be further specified through binding technical standards and/or delegated legal acts and through guidelines and 
leave certain other matters to the discretion of the competent authority. In addition, Commerzbank Group is subject 
to direct supervision of the ECB and the SRB. The manner in which many of the concepts and requirements under 
CRR II/CRD V and BRRD II/SRM Regulation II frameworks are applied to Commerzbank Group remains somewhat 
uncertain.  
In particular, the interplay between the SREP requirements and the Maximum Distributable Amount, M-MDA and 
any potential application of the L-MDA (as defined below) framework if applicable to Commerzbank Group in the 
future as well as the determination of these maximum distributable amounts are complex. The maximum 
distributable amounts impose caps on the Issuer's ability to make discretionary payments including Interest 
Payments on the Notes, on the Issuer's ability to reinstate the current nominal amount of the Notes following a Write-
down and on its ability to redeem or repurchase Notes. There are a number of factors for the complexity of the 
determination of the maximum distributable amounts, including the following: 
• 
The Maximum Distributable Amount framework under CRD V/CRR II applies when certain capital buffers are 
not maintained. Certain capital buffers depend and will depend on the macroeconomic situation (in the case

--- Page 46 ---
46 
of the (institution-specific) countercyclical buffer: the credit cycle and risks due to excess credit growth in an 
EU Member State, taking into account specificities of the national economy), the existence of systemic risks 
(in the case of the systemic risk buffer) or because of the assessment of a credit institution/its group as a 
global systemically important bank ("G-SIB") or O-SII (in the case of the G-SIB buffer and the O-SII buffer). 
The buffer requirements are set by the competent authorities and are subject to change over time. As a result, 
it is difficult to predict when or if the Maximum Distributable Amount will apply to the Notes, and to what extent. 
Presently, the Issuer does not qualify as a G-SIB, but is regarded an O-SII. 
• 
In addition, any increase in the applicable requirements, for instance as a result of the imposition by 
supervisors of additional capital or MREL requirements (due to stricter legislation, any imposition or increase 
of capital buffers or any increase in the Pillar 2 requirement or MREL applicable to the Issuer) increases the 
likelihood of the Issuer not being permitted make Interest Payments in full or in part or any other amount 
falling due under the Notes due to the operation of the Maximum Distributable Amount or M-MDA under the 
BRRD II/SRM Regulation II framework. Holders may not be able to predict accurately the proximity of the risk 
of discretionary payments (of interest and principal) on the Notes being prohibited from time to time as a result 
of the implementation of Article 141(2) CRD V under German law or other provisions of the Applicable 
Supervisory Rules relating to other limitations on distributions or payments. 
• 
Such uncertainty and complexity will be increased by the implementation of the leverage ratio framework 
under CRD V/CRR II, when implemented under German law. If such additional requirements were to become 
applicable to the Issuer in the future, they could impact the Issuer's ability to meet its capital and leverage 
buffer requirement, which in turn, might impact its ability to make payments on the Notes (which could affect 
the trading price of the Notes). 
In any event, the Issuer will have discretion as to how the Maximum Distributable Amount will be applied if insufficient 
to meet all expected distributions and payments and, in this respect, is not obliged to take the interest of the Holders 
into account.  
These issues and other possible issues of interpretation make it difficult to determine how the Maximum Distributable 
Amount will apply as a practical matter to limit Interest Payments on the Notes, the reinstatement of the nominal 
amount of the Notes following a Write-down and the ability of the Issuer to redeem or repurchase Notes. 
These issues, increased complexity and interplay of different minimum capital requirements and maximum 
distributable amounts and other possible issues of interpretation make it difficult to determine how the Maximum 
Distributable Amount, the M-MDA and, as the case may be, the L-MDA (as defined below) will apply as a practical 
matter to limit Interest Payments on the Notes, the reinstatement of the nominal amount of the Notes following a 
Write-down and the ability of the Issuer to redeem or repurchase Notes. This uncertainty and the resulting complexity 
may adversely impact the trading price and the liquidity of the Notes. 
In addition, future legislative reforms may impose or result in further restrictions on the Issuer's ability to make 
payments on the Notes or may limit the reinstatement of the nominal amount of the Notes following a Write-down, 
which may in turn adversely impact the trading price and the liquidity of the Notes. 
2.2.2.5 
Ongoing and future legislative reforms may introduce new restrictions or supervisory powers to 
impose restrictions with regard to Interest Payments on the Notes. 
Financial institutions, such as Commerzbank, have been, and are expected to be in the future, subject to extensive 
regulation and it is possible that ongoing and future regulatory reforms may affect the treatment of the Notes and 
potentially lead to the imposition on restrictions of Interest Payments on the Notes. The CRD V/CRR II framework 
after its revision by the banking reform package in 2019 introduced a new potential restriction on distributions in 
case an institution qualifying as a G-SIB fails to meet a newly introduced leverage ratio requirement with sufficient 
Tier 1 capital. In such case, the institution would have to calculate the so-called 'leverage ratio related maximum 
distributable amount' ("L-MDA") in accordance with Article 141b CRD V, which may limit distributions on capital 
instruments, which includes interest payments. An institution will be considered failing the leverage ratio buffer 
requirement where it does not have Tier 1 capital in the amount needed to meet at the same time the minimum 
leverage ratio requirement, the leverage ratio buffer requirement and any additional requirements imposed on the 
institution to address excessive leverage not sufficiently covered by the leverage ratio buffer requirement. As 
transposed into German law, the leverage ratio framework applies since 1 January 2023 to G-SIBs. Presently, the 
Issuer does not qualify as a G-SIB, but is regarded an O-SII. If the leverage ratio framework were to become 
applicable to the Issuer, it as well as other legislative reforms in the future may impose or result in further restrictions 
on the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes or may limit the reinstatement of the nominal amount of the 
Notes following a Write-down (as defined under "2.2.4.1 The redemption amount and the nominal amount of the 
Notes will be reduced under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, which 
may result in lower Interest Payments as well as lower capital payments upon repayment of the Notes. In case of a 
reduction of the redemption amount and the nominal amount of the Notes to zero, this may result in a full loss of the 
money invested in the Notes. Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer is moving

--- Page 47 ---
47 
towards the level of a Trigger Event may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes." below), which 
may in turn adversely impact the trading price and the liquidity of the Notes. 
2.2.2.6 
Interest Payments on Notes are linked to a benchmark or other reference rates observable in the 
market and are therefore exposed to the risks of financial benchmarks and reference rate continuity; 
a discontinuity of the original reference rate (including a material alteration of the methodology for 
its calculation) could lead to the Notes effectively becoming fixed rate instruments due to fall-back 
provisions. 
On the applicable Reset Date and in certain specified intervals thereafter, the rate of interest payable under Notes 
issued in EUR will reset and be calculated by reference to a reference rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Original Benchmark Rate"). The Original Benchmark Rate may qualify as a benchmark for the purpose of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 ("Benchmarks Regulation") and be administered and provided by a regulated 
benchmarks administrator (an "Administrator"), which appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ESMA pursuant to the Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
The Original Benchmark Rate and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be a 
"benchmark" ("Benchmark") have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to 
be implemented. These reforms may cause the Original Benchmark Rate to perform differently than in the past, or 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on the Notes, including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
• 
the relevant administrator could lose or, if subject to transitional provisions, fail to obtain in time, its 
authorisation as an administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation and may not be able to obtain another 
form of registration under the Benchmarks Regulation; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Original Benchmark Rate could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could impact the Notes, including 
calculation agent determination of the rate. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for Notes issued in EUR, certain Benchmark fall-back provisions will 
apply if: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator 
is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(3) 
a public statement by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator 
is made that, in its view, the Original Benchmark Rate is no longer representative, or will no longer be 
representative, of the underlying market it purports to measure and no action to remediate such a situation is 
taken or expected to be taken as required by the supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator; or 
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation applicable to the Issuer to use the Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(5) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is permanently no longer published without a previous official announcement 
by the competent authority or the administrator; or  
(6) 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, material change is made to the Original Benchmark Rate 
methodology (each such event (1) through (6) a "Benchmark Event"). 
For Notes issued in EUR, the Original Benchmark Rate is based on fixed-for-floating Euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a floating leg based on EURIBOR. As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR 
has already been adapted to the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. However, the EURIBOR is also 
subject to constant review and revision. It is currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist 
permanently and beyond 2025 after LIBOR has expired. Any such discontinuation or change in the methodology of 
the calculation of EURIBOR could lead to a Benchmark Event for such Notes issued in EUR.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
The fall-back provisions will however not apply if and to the extent that as a result of such adjustment the Issuer 
were to be entitled to redeem the Notes for regulatory reasons in accordance with their Terms and Conditions.  
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the calculation agent will determine a new benchmark rate to replace the Original 
Benchmark Rate and, as the case may be, an adjustment spread in accordance with the fallback provisions specified 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The application of these fall-back provisions could result in the Notes 
performing differently if a new benchmark rate and/or adjustment spread to such rate is determined and could also 
result in the Notes effectively becoming fixed rate instruments.  
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Benchmark Rate and the rate that would be applicable in case of 
a Benchmark Event in relation to the Original Benchmark Rate may adversely affect the trading market and the 
value of the Notes. The same risks as described above may also apply to any rate qualifying as a Benchmark that 
would replace the Original Benchmark Rate due to the application of the fall-back provisions under the Notes. At 
this time, it is not possible to predict the future effect of these developments or their impact on the value of the Notes. 
In addition, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, 
or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives could have material 
adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain 
benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the disappearance 
of certain benchmarks. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes 
and/or any further changes in the administration or method for determining a Benchmark could have an effect on 
the value of any Notes whose interest is linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that they face 
the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark and any determination of a successor or alternative reference 
rate in case of a discontinuation of the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
the amount payable under Notes whose rate of interest is linked to a Benchmark. 
On the applicable Reset Date and in certain specified intervals thereafter, the rate of interest payable under Notes 
issued in USD will reset and be calculated by reference to a reference rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Reference Rate"). The reference rate for Notes issued in USD is a rate derived from the yield for U.S. Treasury 
securities, respectively. To the extent the relevant Reference Rate cannot be determined in the manner specified in 
the Terms and Conditions of such Notes, the applicable Reference Rate for the relevant reset period will be 
determined using alternative methods. Any of these alternative methods may result in interest payments that are 
lower than or do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on Notes the 
issued in USD if the otherwise applicable Reference Rate was available in its current form. Any of the foregoing 
may have an adverse effect on the value of such USD Notes. 
2.2.2.7 
The Holders are exposed to risks relating to the reset of interest rates based on the relevant rate 
applicable under the Notes. A reset of interest rates may result in a decline of yield. 
From and including the relevant first Reset Date to but excluding the date on which the Issuer redeems the Notes 
in whole, but not in part, pursuant to the terms and conditions, the Notes generally entitle the Holders to interest at 
a rate which will be determined on each Reset Date at the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period, which 
may be converted (if so required) to the relevant basis corresponding to the number of Interest Payment Dates 
falling in a year as applicable to a specific Tranche of Notes (quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis, as the case 
may be) in a commercially reasonable manner, plus the initial credit spread. Unless previously redeemed, creditors 
of securities paying a fixed interest rate which will be reset during the term of the securities, as will be the case for 
the Notes, are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Potential investors 
should be aware that the performance of the Original Benchmark Rate cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income and the Issuer's option to generally cancel Interest Payments, potential investors are not able to determine 
a definite yield to maturity of the Notes at the time of purchase. Therefore, their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments with longer fixed interest rate periods.  
Potential investors in the Notes should bear in mind that neither the current nor the historical level of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is an indication of its future development. 
Furthermore, during each Interest Period, there remains a risk of decreasing prices of the Notes as a result of 
changes in the Market Interest Rate (as defined below). This is because the Market Interest Rate fluctuates. During 
each of these periods, the Holders are exposed to the risks as described under "2.2.5.2 Resettable fixed rate 
securities have a market risk.".

--- Page 49 ---
49 
2.2.3 
Risks relating to an early redemption of the Notes 
2.2.3.1 
The Notes have no scheduled maturity and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes neither provide 
for events of default allowing acceleration or termination nor for a redemption option at the discretion 
of a Holder. Even if the Issuer exercises a right to redeem the Notes, it may be prohibited to pay 
any scheduled amount of principal if a Trigger Event is continuing or a pre-insolvency restrictions 
on payments of principal apply. 
The Notes have no scheduled maturity and may run for an indefinite period. The Holders have no right to require 
the Issuer to redeem their Notes at any time. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes only provide for termination 
by the Issuer and not by the Holders. Except for certain tax or regulatory reasons, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide that an ordinary termination by the Issuer may not become effective earlier than the first Optional 
Redemption Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms and which may not fall earlier than on the fifth 
anniversary of the issue of a Tranche of Notes) and on any other Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final terms) thereafter. In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes stipulate that no termination 
shall become effective without prior approval of the competent authority and in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Moreover, the Issuer may exercise any right under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
to redeem the Notes in his sole discretion. Accordingly, the Issuer is under no obligation to repay all or any part of 
the nominal amount of the Notes at a certain point in time.  
Prospective investors should note that even if the Issuer elects to call the Notes for redemption, the Issuer shall not 
make a payment of principal if (i) the Issuer is over-indebted within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date of such payment, or (ii) the payment of the relevant amount would result in an 
over-indebtedness within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquidity within the meaning of § 17 InsO of the Issuer. Such 
a prohibition on payment may be in effect for an indefinite period of time and even permanently. The same applies 
to scheduled Interest Payments (see "2.2.1.1 The obligations under the Notes are deeply subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. There is a significant risk that Holders of Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the 
Issuer become insolvent or is liquidated. Irrespective of, and even prior to, the opening of insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer, a prohibition on payments under the Notes may apply." and "2.2.2.1 Interest Payments are 
entirely discretionary and subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. If the Issuer elects to cancel an Interest 
Payment or is prevented from paying interest by law or under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, for example 
due to a pre-insolvency restriction on Interest Payments, such deferral will be non-cumulative, i.e. the Issuer will be 
under no obligation to compensate for such non-payment at any later point in time. There will be no circumstances 
under which an Interest Payment will be compulsory for the Issuer." above). 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not provide for any events of default that would allow the Holders to 
accelerate or terminate the Notes, including if the Issuer is prohibited from redeeming the Notes on the date fixed 
for redemption in one of the aforementioned events. In addition, neither a Write-down (as defined below), non-
viability nor a regulatory bail-in in connection therewith will constitute an event of default with respect to the Notes 
(see "2.2.4.3 Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, there may be a Write-down of the Notes even if other capital 
instruments of the Issuer are not written down or converted into Common Equity Tier 1 instruments." and 
"2.2.4.1 The Notes may be written down (without prospect of a potential write-up in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) or converted into equity, and the terms of the Notes may be varied to the detriment of the 
Holders, by the competent resolution authority."). Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet obligations under the Notes, 
including the payment of interest which has not been cancelled, Holders will not have the right of acceleration of 
principal. The only remedy against the Issuer available to Holders for recovery of amounts which have become due 
in respect of the Notes will be the institution of legal proceedings to enforce payment of the amounts. In particular, 
as solely BaFin is entitled to file an application for the institution of insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, 
Holders would not be able to file for the institution of insolvency proceedings with a view to recover such amounts. 
Certain market expectations may exist among investors in the Notes with regard to Commerzbank making use of a 
right to call the Notes for redemption. Should the Issuer's actions diverge from such expectations or should the 
Issuer be prevented from meeting such expectations for regulatory reasons, the market value of the Notes could be 
adversely affected and the liquidity of the Notes could be reduced. 
Therefore, Holders should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
2.2.3.2 
The Notes may be redeemed solely at the Issuer's option (subject to the prior approval of the 
competent authority), which may result in a lower yield than expected, and if the Notes are 
redeemed due to certain regulatory or tax reasons, the redemption amount may be substantially 
lower than the initial nominal amount of the Notes due to a Write-down that has not been fully written 
up. In case of a Write-down to zero, this may result in a full loss of the Holder's investment. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the sole option of the Issuer (in whole but not in part) in the following circumstances 
and in each case subject to the competent authority's prior permission pursuant to Article 78 CRR II (provided that 
if, at the time of any redemption or purchase, the Applicable Supervisory Regulations permit the redemption or 
purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out in Article 78 
CRR II, the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as applicable, additional pre-conditions, if any): 
• 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes on each Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms) at his discretion, subject to the competent authority's permission pursuant to Article 78 CRR II, but 
only if any reductions of the nominal amount of the Notes due to a Write-down (as defined below) in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes have been fully compensated by a Write-up (as 
defined below) (but no Write-up is required if the Notes have been written-down due to the application of a 
Resolution Measure (as defined below)); 
• 
at any time if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in (i) 
their exclusion in full or in part from the Issuer's own funds under the CRR II or any successor legislation, or 
(ii) their reclassification as a lower quality form of the Issuer's own funds as of the respective date of issuance, 
provided that the conditions in Article 78(4) point (a) CRR II are met; 
• 
at any time if the tax treatment of the Notes, due to a change in applicable legislation, including a change in 
any fiscal or regulatory legislation or relevant jurisprudence, rules or practices, which takes effect after the 
interest commencement date, changes (including but not limited to the tax deductibility of interest payable on 
the Notes or the obligation to pay Additional Amounts (as defined below), whereby right to redeem the Notes 
shall exist if a change in the tax treatment of the Notes results in a withholding or deduction of taxes on 
amounts payable in respect of the Notes which, however, does not create an obligation of the Issuer to pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined below)), provided that the conditions in Article 78(4) point (b) CRR II are met; 
or 
• 
at any time if 75 per cent (or any other amount further specified in the Notes) or more of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes originally issued (including any Notes additionally issued) have been repurchased by the 
Issuer and cancelled. 
In addition, permission to redeem the Notes for regulatory reasons or reasons of taxation prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the issuance of the Notes as of the date of this Base Prospectus requires that either of the following conditions is 
met pursuant to Article 78(1), (4) CRR II: (i) before or at the same time as the redemption, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own fund instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of 
the Issuer; or (ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the competent authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such redemption, exceed the requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations by a margin that the competent authority considers necessary. If the Issuer elects, in its 
sole discretion and subject to prior approval by the competent authority, to redeem the Notes, the Notes will be 
repaid as a consequence thereof. The optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they may be redeemed. This may also be the case prior to any redemption 
period or date. 
If the Issuer calls the Notes for redemption for regulatory or tax reasons and a written-down amount has not been 
fully written up, the redemption amount of the Notes, if any, may be substantially lower than the Original Nominal 
Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Notes, and may also be reduced to zero which would 
result in a full loss of all money invested in the Notes. 
In the event of a redemption of the Notes, the Holders are exposed to the risk that their investment has a lower yield 
than expected. In addition, the Holders are exposed to risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds 
received as a result of the redemption. Therefore, the Holders are exposed to reinvestment risk if Market Interest 
Rates (as defined below) decline. This means that Holders might reinvest the redemption proceeds only at the then 
prevailing lower interest rates.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
2.2.4 
Risks relating to a Write-down, Resolution Measures and a subsequent Write-up of the Notes 
2.2.4.1 
The redemption amount and the nominal amount of the Notes will be reduced under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, which may result in lower Interest 
Payments as well as lower capital payments upon repayment of the Notes. In case of a reduction 
of the redemption amount and the nominal amount of the Notes to zero, this may result in a full loss 
of the money invested in the Notes. Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 
the Issuer is moving towards the level of a Trigger Event may have an adverse effect on the market 
price of the Notes. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the nominal amount of the Notes is subject to a write-down (a "Write-
down") if the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio pursuant to Article 92 (1)(a) CRR II of the Issuer (the "Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio"), determined on either (i) a consolidated basis or (ii) an individual basis, falls below the 
minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio specified in the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes (which 
shall be at least 5.125 per cent.) (the "Minimum CET1 Ratio") (such event a "Trigger Event"), provided that (i) while 
the Trigger Event in respect of the Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on a consolidated basis may occur at any time, 
(ii) a Trigger Event in respect of the Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on an individual basis shall only occur if the 
Issuer should, in the future pursuant to the regulations applicable to it or an administrative order, be required to 
comply with the prudential requirements on an individual basis as well and, for this purpose, to determine the 
Minimum CET1 Ratio on an individual basis. A Trigger Event may be determined at any time and may occur on 
more than one occasion. The occurrence of a Trigger Event and therefore a Write-down is inherently unpredictable 
and depends on a number of factors, any of which may be outside the control of the Issuer. 
If a Write-down becomes effective, Interest Payments will be calculated on the basis of the reduced nominal amount 
of the Notes and thus not accrue in full. In such event, Holders would receive no, or reduced, Interest Payments on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
If upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event other AT1 Instruments are also subject to a write-down or are subject to 
conversion into CET1 instruments, where the respective conditions provide for a trigger event on a level for the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio at or above the Minimum CET1 Ratio (together with the Notes the "Relevant 
AT1 Instruments"), any such write-down or conversion will occur in such order of application or ratio as required in 
accordance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. If no such order or ratio is required by the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations, the following applies. The Notes and all other Relevant AT1 Instruments will only 
participate in a Write-down or (as the case may be) a conversion into CET1 instruments to the extent required in 
aggregate to restore the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio determined on (i) a consolidated basis and (ii) an 
individual basis (in each case only if and as long as the Issuer is required pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations or an administrative order to determine the ratio on such level) to the ratio provided for in their respective 
terms as the ratio triggering the event resulting in such write-down and/or conversion into CET1 instruments; 
provided that the total amount of the write-downs and conversions shall not exceed the sum of the outstanding 
principal amounts of the Relevant AT1 Instruments at the time of occurrence of the Trigger Event. Any Write-down 
will be effected pro rata with all of the Issuer's other AT1 Instruments which provide for a write-down (whether 
permanent or temporary) or a conversion into Common Equity Tier 1 capital instruments upon the occurrence of 
such Trigger Event. This means that, for example, if the Issuer issues a Tranche of Notes for which a Minimum 
CET1 Ratio above 5.125 per cent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Notes may be subject to a Write-
down prior to Relevant AT1 Instruments with a lower Minimum CET1 Ratio relative to such Notes and a Write-down 
may not be effected pro rata with such Relevant AT1 Instruments. For purposes of determining the relevant pro rata 
amounts for a Write-down and calculation of the written-down amount, any other Relevant AT1 Instrument that may 
be written down or converted in full but not in part will, be treated as if its terms permit a partial write-down or 
conversion. 
Such Write-down could also negatively affect the size of the redemption amount payable on the Notes as the Issuer 
has the right to call the Notes for redemption for certain tax or regulatory reasons even if the redemption amount 
payable on the Notes has been and continues to be reduced due to such Write-down. The amount to be repaid 
under the Notes, if any, may thus be substantially lower than the Original Nominal Amount (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Notes, and may also be reduced to zero which would result in a full loss of all money 
invested in the Notes. In addition, any such Write-down will not constitute an event of default with respect to the 
Notes. 
Therefore, as any event which could result in a Write-down of the redemption amount and the nominal amount of 
the Notes may adversely affect the market value of the Notes and reduce the liquidity of the Notes, the market price 
of the Notes is expected to be affected by changes in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer. Such 
changes may be caused by changes in the amount of CET1 capital and/or risk weighted assets, as well as changes 
to their definition and interpretation under the applicable regulations. Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio of the Issuer is moving towards the level of a Trigger Event may have an adverse effect on the market

--- Page 52 ---
52 
price of the Notes. A decline or perceived decline in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio may significantly 
adversely affect the trading price and/or liquidity in trading of the Notes. 
The Issuer's current and future outstanding junior instruments might not include write-down or similar features with 
triggers comparable to those of the Notes. As a result, it is possible that the Notes will be subject to a Write-down, 
while other junior instruments remain outstanding and continue to receive payments. 
Following a Write-down of the redemption amount and the nominal amount in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes described above, the Issuer will, subject to certain limitations set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, be entitled (but not obliged) to effect, in its sole discretion an increase of the redemption 
amount and thereby the nominal amount of the Notes up to their Original Nominal Amount (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms)(a "Write-up") (see "2.2.4.5 The Issuer is under no obligation to reinstate any written down 
amounts."). However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will at any time have the ability and be willing to 
effect such Write-up. 
2.2.4.2 
The Notes may be written down (without prospect of a potential write-up in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or converted into equity, and the terms of the Notes may be 
varied to the detriment of the Holders, by the competent resolution authority. 
In addition to being subject to a possible Write-down upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Notes may also be subject to a permanent write-down or conversion into 
ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership (in whole or in part) and/or to other resolution measures, in 
particular in circumstances where the competent authorities have determined that the Issuer or its Group (as 
applicable) has reached the point of non-viability ("failing or likely to fail") and the competent resolution authority has 
taken the decision to apply these measures to the Issuer. 
Due to their qualification as Additional Tier 1 Instruments, the Notes are 'relevant capital instruments' as defined in 
Article 3 (1) point (51) of the SRM Regulation II and § 2 (2) of the SAG which are intended to be recognised for the 
purposes of meeting own funds requirements of the Issuer on a consolidated basis. The Notes are therefore in 
particular subject to the 'write-down and conversion of capital instruments' ("WDCCI") tool as set out in Article 21 
SRM Regulation II and § 89 SAG. 
If the ECB or the SRB determines that the Issuer is failing or likely to fail and certain other conditions are met (as 
set forth in the SRM Regulation II, the SAG and other applicable rules and regulations), BaFin, upon a resolution 
scheme adopted by the SRB, has the power to write down, including to write down to zero, all claims for payment 
of the principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Notes or to convert the Notes into ordinary shares or 
other instruments qualifying as Common Equity Tier 1 capital. The SRB and BaFin will have to exercise the WDCCI 
tool in accordance with the order of priority of the Issuer's capital instruments, i.e. with the WDCCI tool being applied 
to CET 1 instruments first, Additional Tier 1 Instruments second, etc. In addition to the WDCCI tool, the SRB and 
BaFin may apply any other resolution measure including (but not limited to) a transfer of the Notes to another entity, 
a variation of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, but not limited to, the variation of maturity of the 
Notes) or a cancellation of the Notes. The WDCCI tool and each of these other resolution measures are hereinafter 
referred to as a "Resolution Measure". Generally, the SRB and BaFin may apply Resolution Measures individually 
or in any combination.  
Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that, according to the BRRD II, as implemented in the SAG, and 
the SRM Regulation II, public financial support should only be granted as a last resort after having assessed and 
exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the application of Resolution Measures, including the WDCCI tool, to 
the Issuer. 
In all these cases, the Holders can lose the entire or a substantial part of their investments. Consequently, any 
amounts so written down in respect of the Notes would be irrevocably lost and the Holders would cease to have any 
claims thereunder, and any conversion into CET1 instruments of the Issuer (or a third party such as a bridge 
institution) with generally higher risks would be permanent, regardless whether or not Commerzbank Group's 
financial position is restored. Holders would have no claim against the Issuer in such cases and there would be no 
obligation of the Issuer to make any further payments under the Notes. 
Potential investors should therefore consider the risk that they may lose all of their investment, including the nominal 
amount plus any accrued interest in particular if the SRB and BaFin impose a write-down or conversion of the Notes 
into CET1 instruments. In addition, potential investors should note that the provisions of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes relating to a Write-up will not apply if the Notes have been subject to a Resolution Measure (see 
"2.2.4.3 Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, there may be a Write-down of the Notes even if other capital 
instruments of the Issuer are not written down or converted into Common Equity Tier 1 instruments.").

--- Page 53 ---
53 
2.2.4.3 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, there may be a Write-down of the Notes even if other 
capital instruments of the Issuer are not written down or converted into Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments. 
The terms and conditions of other instruments already in issue or to be issued by the Issuer after the date of this 
Base Prospectus may vary and accordingly such instruments may not be written down at the same time as the 
Notes if the Notes are written down, or to the same extent, as the Notes, or at all. Alternatively, such other 
instruments may provide that they shall convert into CET1 instruments, or become entitled to reinstatement of the 
principal amount of the Notes or other compensation in the event of a potential recovery of the Issuer and/or any 
other entity of the Commerzbank Group or a subsequent change in the financial condition thereof. Such capital 
instruments may also provide for such reinstatement or compensation in different circumstances from those in which, 
or to a different extent to which, the principal amount of the Notes may be reinstated. 
2.2.4.4 
The Issuer's consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and the Maximum Distributable 
Amounts will be affected by a number of factors, any of which may be outside the control of the 
Issuer, as well as by its business decisions and, in making such decisions, the interests of the Issuer 
may not be aligned with those of the Holders. 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event and therefore a Write-own is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number 
of factors, any of which may be outside the control of the Issuer. The calculation of the Issuer's Common Equity Tier 
1 Capital Ratio and any Maximum Distributable Amount could be affected by a wide range of factors, including, 
among other things, changes in the mix of Commerzbank Group's business, major events affecting its earnings, 
dividend payments by the Issuer, regulatory changes (including changes to the definitions and calculations of 
regulatory capital ratios and their components and the regulatory output floor contemplated by the so-called 'Basel 
IV' reforms, which set a floor in capital requirements calculated under internal models in terms of a percentage of 
the capital requirements that would result under the standardized approach) and the Commerzbank Group's ability 
to manage risk-weighted assets. The Issuer will have no obligation to consider the interest of the Holders in 
connection with its strategic decisions, including in respect of capital management and the relationship among the 
various entities of Commerzbank Group and its group structure. 
Because the occurrence of a Trigger Event will be difficult to predict, the trading behavior of the Notes may not 
necessarily follow the trading behavior of other types of subordinated securities. Any indication that the Group's 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio is approaching the level that would trigger a Trigger Event (whether actual or 
perceived) may have an adverse effect on the trading price and liquidity of the Notes. Under such circumstances, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
more conventional investments. While the competent authority may require the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
to be calculated as of any date, a Trigger Event could occur at any time, if the Issuer determines that the Group's 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio is less than the Minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio applicable to a 
Tranche of Notes (which shall at least be 5.125%). The Issuer currently publicly reports the Group's Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio only as of the end of each quarterly period, and therefore, during a quarterly period, there is no 
published updating of the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and there may be no prior warning of adverse 
changes in the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. 
The Issuer may decide not to raise capital at a time when it is feasible to do so, even if that would result in the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event. Moreover, in order to avoid the use of public resources, the competent authority may 
decide that the Issuer should allow a Trigger Event to occur at a time when it is feasible to avoid it. 
Holders will not have any claim against the Issuer and/or any other entity of the Group relating to decisions that 
affect the capital position of the Group, regardless of whether they result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event or a 
lack of Available Distributable Items (as defined below) or any Maximum Distributable Amount. Such decisions could 
cause Holders to lose all or part of the value of their investment in the Notes. 
2.2.4.5 
The Issuer is under no obligation to reinstate any written down amounts. 
The Issuer is under no obligation to reinstate any principal amounts which have been subject to any Write-down up 
to a maximum of the Original Nominal Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (a "Write-up"), even if 
certain conditions (as further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) that would permit the Issuer to do 
so, were met. Any write-up of the Notes is at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's ability to make a Write-up depends on the availability of an annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) as 
recorded on the basis of the financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with German commercial law 
and is subject to a number of conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including that the sum of 
the write-up of Additional Tier 1 Instruments the terms of which provide for a similar Trigger Event (including the 
Notes but excluding instruments that qualify as additional tier 1 instrument solely pursuant to transitional provisions 
under the CRR II, the "Written Down AT1 Instruments") together with the amounts of any dividend payments and 
other payments of dividends and interest on shares and other CET1 instruments of the Issuer for the relevant

--- Page 54 ---
54 
financial year does not exceed the maximum distributable amount within the meaning of Article 141 (2) CRD V (or 
any successor provision, in each case as implemented into German law) or any other maximum amount that may 
have to be observed for this purpose. However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will at any time have the 
ability and be willing to effect such Write-up and Write-ups do not have priority over other payments and therefore 
the Issuer may make dividend payments and other payments of dividends and interest even if no Write-up has been 
effected. 
In case a Write-up is made, it will have to be effected on a pro rata basis with other Written Down AT1 Instruments 
of the Issuer. 
Moreover, the Issuer will, among others, only have the option to write-up the current nominal amount of the Notes 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and if the Maximum Distributable 
Amount (if any) would not be exceeded when operating a write-up (see also "2.2.2.4 The manner in which some 
aspects of the CRD V/CRR II and BRRD II/SRM Regulation II framework may be applied, including upon any future 
amendment, are uncertain."). 
No assurance can be given that the conditions for a Write-up will ever be met or that the Issuer will ever write up 
(fully or partially) the principal amount (i.e. the then-prevailing nominal amount) of the Notes following a Write-down.  
2.2.5 
Risks relating to an investment in the Notes 
2.2.5.1 
The Notes are intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Instruments and as such are complex 
instruments, which may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
The Notes are intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Instruments and as such are complex instruments, in particular 
with regard to their deep subordination, the possibility of cancellations of Interest Payments, an early redemption, a 
Write-Down of the Notes and the imposition of Resolution Measures. Potential investors in the Notes must determine 
the suitability (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) of that investment in light of their own circumstances 
and the complexity of the Notes. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on his/her overall investment portfolio;  
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
the risk not to receive any return on investment or repayment of the invested amount, and also including risks 
arising if the currency for principal or interest payments on the Notes is different from the currency in which 
his/her financial activities are principally denominated; 
• 
understand thoroughly the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and be familiar with the behavior of the financial 
markets;  
• 
know, that it may not be possible to dispose of the Notes for a substantial period of time, if at all; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Prior to making an investment decision, each potential investor should consider carefully, in light of its own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all the information contained in this Base Prospectus or incorporated by 
reference herein, and should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal amount of the Notes could be lost. A potential investor 
should not invest in the Notes unless he/she has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial 
advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the likelihood of 
cancellation of payment of principal, payment of distributions or a write-down and the market price of the Notes, and 
the impact of this investment on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
2.2.5.2 
Resettable fixed rate securities have a market risk. 
A holder of fixed rate securities is particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such securities falls as a result of 
changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of the Notes is fixed until the relevant first Reset 
Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and will thereafter be reset on the basis of the Original Benchmark 
Rate plus the relevant margin as set out in the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes, the current interest 
rate on the capital market (the "Market Interest Rate") typically changes on a daily basis. These changes of the 
Market Interest Rate result in changes of the price of the Notes. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of 
the fixed rate Notes would typically fall. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of the fixed rate Notes would

--- Page 55 ---
55 
typically increase. Potential investors should be aware that movements in these Market Interest Rates can adversely 
affect the market price of the Notes and can lead to losses for Holders seeking to sell the Notes.  
2.2.5.3 
The trading price of the Notes could be adversely impacted by a change in the credit ratings 
assigned to the Issuer and/or the Notes. 
The trading price of the Notes is expected to be influenced by a change in the creditworthiness (or the perception 
thereof) of the Issuer and by the credit rating of the Issuer and a number of other factors including, but not limited 
to, market interest, rate of return, certain market expectations with regard to the Issuer making use of a right to call 
the Notes for redemption and the right not to pay interest on the Notes. Specific Tranches of Notes issued under 
the Programme may be assigned a credit rating by one or more rating agencies. Ratings downgrades could occur 
as a result of, among other causes, changes in the ratings methodologies used by credit rating agencies. Changes 
in credit rating agencies' views of the level of implicit sovereign support for European banks and their groups are 
likely to lead to ratings downgrades. Ratings may also not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure of the relevant Notes, the market for the relevant Notes or additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the relevant Notes. Further, any rating assigned to the relevant Notes at the date 
of issuance is not indicative of future performance of the Issuer's business or its future creditworthiness. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and any rating initially assigned to the relevant Notes 
may at any time be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency, or the Issuer may decide not to maintain a 
solicited rating by one or more rating agencies which may or may not lead to a withdrawal of the credit ratings 
assigned to the relevant Notes. Any change in, or withdrawal of, the credit rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or the 
relevant Notes may affect the market value and could reduce the liquidity of the relevant Notes. 
The market for debt securities issued by banks (such as the Notes) is also influenced by economic and market 
conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates in Europe and other industrialised countries 
and areas. There can be no assurance that events in Germany, Europe, the United States or elsewhere will not 
cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of Notes or that economic and market 
conditions will not have any other adverse effect. Such factors may favourably or adversely affect the trading price 
of the Notes. The price at which a Holder can sell the Notes might be considerably below the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such Holder. 
2.2.5.4 
There has been no prior market for the Notes, a liquid market may not develop and the Notes may 
be subject to significant market price volatility. 
Each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme constitutes a new issue of securities. Prior to their issue, there 
has been no public market for the relevant Notes. Although application has been made to have the Notes listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market "Bourse de 
Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange which appears on the European Securities Markets Authority's 
list of regulated markets, there can be no assurance that an active public market for the Notes will develop. Even if 
such a market were to develop, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers nor any other person is obligated to maintain it. 
In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at all or at any time at fair market prices. The 
possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted due to country-specific reasons. Moreover, the liquidity 
and the market for the Notes can be expected to vary with changes in the securities market and economic conditions, 
the financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and other factors which generally influence the market prices of 
securities. Such fluctuations may significantly affect liquidity and market prices for the Notes. Market liquidity in 
hybrid financial instruments similar to the Notes has historically been limited. In addition, potential investors should 
note that hybrid financial instruments similar to the Notes have experienced pronounced price fluctuations in 
connection with the crisis of the financial markets and the banking sector since 2008. Notes denominated in different 
currencies may trade differently even if their terms and conditions are otherwise similar. 
2.2.5.5 
The Notes may be traded with accrued interest, but under certain circumstances described above, 
subsequent Interest Payments may not be made in full or in part. 
The Notes may trade, and the prices for the Notes may appear on trading systems on which the Notes are traded, 
with accrued interest. If this occurs, purchasers of Notes in the secondary market will pay a price that includes such 
accrued interest upon the purchase of the Notes. However, if an Interest Payment is cancelled (in whole or in part) 
in relation to an Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), purchasers of such Notes will 
not be entitled to an Interest Payment (in full or in part, as the case may be), and will not receive any compensation 
for an increased price paid due to accrued interest (see also the risks set forth under "2.2.2.1 Interest Payments are 
entirely discretionary and subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. If the Issuer elects to cancel an Interest 
Payment or is prevented from paying interest by law or under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, for example 
due to a pre-insolvency restriction on Interest Payments, such deferral will be non-cumulative, i.e. the Issuer will be 
under no obligation to compensate for such non-payment at any later point in time. There will be no circumstances 
under which an Interest Payment will be compulsory for the Issuer. Non-payments will not lead to an event of 
default." and "2.2.2.2 Interest Payments may be excluded and cancelled for regulatory reasons, including if the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Issuer fails to comply with minimum requirements for own funds, capital buffer requirements, additional supervisory 
capital requirements and requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities."). 
2.2.5.6 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
Potential investors should bear in mind that an investment in the Notes involves currency risks. This includes the 
risks of amendments in currency exchange rates. An appreciation in the value of the investor's currency relative to 
the currency applicable to a Tranche of Notes would decrease (i) the investor's currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (ii) the investor's currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the investor's 
currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as 
some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. 
As a result, Holders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
2.2.6 
Risks relating to certain provisions of the Terms and Conditions and conflicts of interest 
2.2.6.1 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including the terms of payment of principal and interest 
are subject to amendments by way of majority resolutions of the Holders, and any such resolution 
will be binding for all Holders. Any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of 
less than majority of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding. In case of an appointment 
of a joint representative, the individual right of a Holder of Notes to pursue and enforce its rights 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be limited. 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Holders may consent by majority resolution to amendments 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in accordance with and subject to the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"). The voting process under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be governed in accordance with the SchVG, pursuant to which the required 
participation of Holder votes (quorum) is principally set at 50 per cent of the aggregate nominal amount of 
outstanding notes in a vote without a meeting. In case there is no sufficient quorum in the vote without a meeting, 
there is no minimum quorum requirement in a second meeting or voting on the same resolution (unless the resolution 
to be passed requires a qualified majority, in which case Holders representing at least 25 per cent of outstanding 
Notes by nominal amount must participate in the meeting or voting). As the relevant majority for Holders' resolutions 
is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the nominal amount of Notes outstanding, the aggregate nominal 
amount such Notes required to vote in favour of an amendment will vary based on the Holders participating in the 
vote. Therefore, a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of such Holders and losing 
rights towards the Issuer against his will in the event that Holders holding a sufficient aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes participate in the vote and agree to amend the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or on other matters 
relating to the Notes by majority vote in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the SchVG. As 
such majority resolution is binding on all Holders of the Notes, including Holders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority, certain rights of such Holder against 
the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
In addition, the Holders' rights to convene a Holders' meeting and to solicit a Holders' resolution are limited as, 
pursuant to § 9 (1) of the SchVG, a Holders' meeting will only be convened if Holders jointly holding at least 5% of 
the outstanding Notes request such convocation in writing stating their particular interest in convening such a 
meeting. 
2.2.6.2 
If a joint representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) is appointed for the Notes, the Holders may be 
deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce their rights under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes against the Issuer. 
In case of an appointment of a joint representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) for all Holders, it is possible that a 
Holder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes against the Issuer, such right passing to the joint representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim 
and enforce the rights of all the Holders. 
2.2.7 
Risks relating to taxation 
2.2.7.1 
There may be circumstances under which the Notes may be subject to withholding tax which will 
not be grossed-up, including withholding tax under FATCA.  
Investors should be aware that duties, other taxes and expenses, including any stamp duty, depositary charges, 
transaction charges and other charges, may be levied in accordance with the laws and practices in the countries 
where the Notes are transferred and that it is the obligation of an investor to pay all such duties, other taxes and 
expenses. 
All payments made under the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
present or future taxes imposed by the Issuer's country of incorporation (or any authority or political subdivision

--- Page 57 ---
57 
thereof or therein), unless such withholding or deduction is imposed or required by law. If any such withholding or 
deduction is imposed and required by law, the Issuer will, in limited circumstances, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted ("Additional Amounts") and such event will allow the Issuer 
to redeem them early as this would allow the Issuer to redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part as further specified 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In no event will Additional Amounts be payable in respect of U.S. withholding taxes pursuant to the Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"). Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("Foreign Passthru Payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Germany) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, such withholding would not apply before the date that is two years after the date of publication in the Federal 
Register of final regulations defining the term "Foreign Passthru Payment." To date such final regulations have not 
yet been published. Investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on the Notes, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will pay any additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. 
Investors should be aware that payments made under the Notes and capital gains from the sale or redemption of 
the Notes may be subject to taxation in the jurisdiction of the holder of the Notes or in other jurisdictions in which 
the holder of the Notes is required to pay taxes. 
2.2.7.2 
Change in tax law. 
Investors should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities may be 
subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect, and that this could negatively affect the value of the Notes. Any 
such change may cause the tax treatment of the Notes to change from the tax position at the time of purchase and 
may render the statements in this Base Prospectus concerning the relevant tax law and practice to be inaccurate or 
insufficient to cover the material tax considerations in respect of the Notes. 
The German Federal Ministry of Finance issued on 4 November 2021 a decree regarding the tax treatment of 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments (the "Decree"). According to the wording of the Decree, the principles set out therein 
were meant to only apply to certain specimen terms and conditions as attached to the Decree. Notwithstanding, it 
is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply at any given time including and after the Issue 
Date due to changes in tax law and relevant jurisprudence. This also holds true for the German rules on hybrid 
mismatch arrangements that have been enacted with effect from 2020 onwards and transpose the so-called 'Anti 
Tax Avoidance Directive' (Directive (EU) No. 2016/1164 or "ATAD") into national law. Under such rules, interest 
payments made under certain hybrid arrangements are not tax deductible as business expenses of the payor if the 
corresponding results of the payee are non-taxable or only taxable to a limited extent in another country. The Issuer 
is of the opinion that the deductibility of the interest expenses under the Notes should not be limited by these rules 
as the applicable credit spread will be determined by means of a process as is standard for such type of issuance 
which will result in a marketable interest rate for the respective Notes at the time of their issuance. In particular, this 
determination will be made regardless of whether the corresponding interest income is fully taxable or tax exempt. 
However, absent a precise definition and, at this point, relevant case law and administrative guidance, it cannot be 
ruled out that the Notes are to be classified as a 'structured arrangement' (strukturierte Gestaltung) that falls within 
the scope of these rules. If this were the case, the Issuer would not be allowed to deduct its interest expenses under 
the Notes to the extent the related interest income is at the level of the Holders not taxed at all or subject to a lower 
taxation due to a deviating characterization of the Notes. 
A change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes may give the Issuer the right to redeem the Notes for reasons 
of taxation (see "2.2.3.2 The Notes may be redeemed solely at the Issuer's option (subject to the prior approval of 
the competent authority), which may result in a lower yield than expected, and if the Notes are redeemed due to 
certain regulatory or tax reasons, the redemption amount may be substantially lower than the initial nominal amount 
of the Notes due to a Write-down that has not been fully written up. In case of a Write-down to zero, this may result 
in a full loss of the Holder's investment.").

--- Page 58 ---
58 
3 ISSUE PROCEDURES 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the Terms and Conditions applicable to each specific Tranche 
of Notes, which will be constituted by the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" as set out under "4 Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below, as completed by the provisions of the applicable Final Terms as provided below. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are set forth in the following two options (each an "Option", and, together, 
the "Options") under "4 Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below: 
• 
Option I:  
Notes issued in Euro (EUR); and 
• 
Option II:  
Notes issued in U.S. dollar (USD). 
Each set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains, for the relevant Option, in certain places placeholders or 
potentially a variety of possible further variables for a provision. These are marked with square brackets and 
corresponding comments.  
The conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes (the "Conditions") will be determined as follows: The Final 
Terms will (i) determine which of Option I or Option II of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to the relevant Series 
of Notes, by inserting such Option in the Final Terms – Part I and will (ii) specify and complete such Option so 
inserted, respectively.  
The Conditions will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
The German text of the Conditions shall be legally binding. A non-binding English translation will be prepared for 
convenience only.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
4 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
OPTION I: TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES ISSUED IN EURO 
 
 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
§ 1 
Währung, Stückelung,  
zusätzliches Kernkapital, Form 
 
§ 1 
Currency, Denomination,  
AT1 Capital, Form 
(1)  
Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(die 
"Emittentin") wird in Euro (die "festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von Euro 
[Betrag einfügen] (in Worten: [Betrag in 
Worten einfügen] Euro) in einer Stückelung 
von jeweils EUR [festgelegte Stückelung 
einfügen] (die "festgelegte Stückelung" 
oder der "Ursprüngliche Nennbetrag") 
begeben. 
 (1)  
Currency; Denomination. This series of 
subordinated 
notes 
(the 
"Notes") 
of 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(the 
"Issuer") is being issued in Euro (the 
"Specified Currency") in the aggregate 
nominal amount of EUR [insert amount] (in 
words: [insert amount in words] EUR) in a 
denomination of EUR [insert Specified 
Denomination] 
(the 
"Specified 
Denomination" or the "Original Nominal 
Amount") each.  
Zweck der Schuldverschreibungen ist die 
Überlassung 
von 
Eigenmitteln 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit in Form von zusätzlichem 
Kernkapital an die Emittentin. 
 
The purpose of the Notes is to furnish the 
Issuer with own funds in the form of 
additional tier 1 capital for an indefinite 
period of time. 
(2)  
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
 (2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
(3)  
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
 (3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a)  
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" und, gemeinsam mit 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde, jeweils die 
"Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
sind 
nur 
wirksam, 
wenn 
sie 
die 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften von zwei durch die Emittentin 
bevollmächtigten 
Personen 
sowie 
die 
handschriftliche 
oder 
faksimilierte 
Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft tragen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
 (a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without interest coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchanged 
for Notes in the Specified Denomination 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" and together with 
the Temporary Global Note each the "Global 
Note") 
without 
interest 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be only valid if they 
bear the hand-written or facsimile signatures 
of two authorised representatives of the 
Issuer and the hand-written or facsimile 
control signature of a person instructed by 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(b)  
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
frühestens 
an 
einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
 (b)  
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note on a date (the "Exchange Date") not 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of 
the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Austausch wird nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung 
ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie in § 4(3) definiert) zu liefern. 
 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial 
owner or owners of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. 
persons 
(other 
than 
certain 
financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through 
such 
financial 
institutions) 
as 
required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after delivery 
of such certifications. A separate certification 
shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the 
date of issue of the Temporary Global Note 
will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
pursuant 
to 
§ 1(3)(b). 
Any 
securities 
delivered 
in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in § 4(3)). 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") und 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brüssel, 
Belgien 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")] 
[anderes internationales Clearingsystem, 
Adresse 
einfügen] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
 (4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be 
kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than 
one 
Clearing 
System 
the 
following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brussels, 
Belgium 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] [insert 
other 
international 
clearing 
system, 
address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5)  
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Schuldverschreibungen. 
 (5) 
Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder 
of a proportionate co-ownership or other right 
in the Notes. 
§ 2 
Status 
 
§ 2 
Status 
(1) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, nicht besicherte, nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und (nach Maßgabe von 
§ 2(3)) 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
ebenso 
(1) 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, ranking 
pari passu among themselves and (as 
specified in § 2(3)) pari passu with all other 
equally subordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin im gleichen Rang stehen.  
(2) 
Im Fall von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin und im Fall der 
Auflösung, 
der 
Liquidation 
oder 
der 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
Vergleichs 
oder 
eines 
anderen 
der 
Abwendung 
der 
Insolvenz 
dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin gehen die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen, vorbehaltlich der 
jeweils anwendbaren Rechtsvorschriften, (i) 
den 
Ansprüchen dritter Gläubiger der 
Emittentin 
aus 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht ausschließlich, Ansprüchen gegen die 
Emittentin aus deren nicht bevorrechtigten, 
nicht nachrangigen Schuldtiteln im Sinne von 
§ 46f Absatz 6 Satz 1 KWG), (ii) den in § 39 
Absatz 1 Nr. 1 bis 5 InsO bezeichneten 
Forderungen, (iii) den Ansprüchen dritter 
Gläubiger der Emittentin aus nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten, die nicht gemäß § 2(3) im 
gleichen Rang zu den Ansprüchen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen stehen oder diesen 
im Rang nachgehen, (iv) allen anderen 
Ansprüchen dritter Gläubiger der Emittentin, 
die nicht bereits von (i) bis (iii) erfasst sind 
und gesetzlich (einschließlich gemäß § 46f 
Absatz 
7a 
Satz 
3 
KWG) 
vorrangig 
gegenüber AT1 Instrumenten zu berichtigen 
sind, sowie (v) den Ansprüchen aus Tier 2 
Instrumenten, im Rang vollständig nach (die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin unter (i) bis 
(v) 
zusammen 
die 
"Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten"); Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen in einem 
solchen 
Fall 
solange 
nicht, 
bis 
die 
Vorrangigen Verbindlichkeiten vollständig 
befriedigt sind. 
(2) 
If resolution measures are imposed on the 
Issuer, or in the event of the dissolution, 
liquidation, insolvency or composition of the 
Issuer, or if other proceedings are opened for 
the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the 
Issuer, the obligations under the Notes shall 
be, subject to applicable law from time to time, 
fully subordinated to (i) the claims of 
unsubordinated 
creditors 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(including, but not limited to, claims against 
the Issuer under its non-preferred senior debt 
instruments within the meaning of § 46f(6) 
sentence 1 KWG), (ii) the claims specified in 
§ 39(1) nos. 1 to 5 InsO, (iii) the claims of 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which do 
not, pursuant to § 2(3), rank pari passu with, 
or junior to, the claims under the Notes, (iv) all 
other claims of creditors of the Issuer which 
pursuant to mandatory law (including pursuant 
to § 46f(7a) sentence 3 KWG) have to be 
satisfied with priority to AT1 Instruments 
unless already captured in (i) through (iii), and 
(v) the claims under Tier 2 Instruments (the 
obligations of the Issuer referred to in (i) 
through (v), together the "Senior Ranking 
Obligations"); in any such event, no amounts 
shall be payable in respect of the Notes until 
the Senior Ranking Obligations have been 
satisfied in full. 
 
"AT1 
Instrument" 
bezeichnet 
jedes 
Kapitalinstrument der Emittentin, das zum 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt als Instrument des 
zusätzlichen Kernkapitals gemäß Artikel 52 
CRR qualifiziert. 
 
 
"AT1 
Instrument" 
means 
any 
capital 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
additional tier 1 instrument pursuant to 
Article 52 CRR at the relevant time. 
 
"InsO" bezeichnet die Insolvenzordnung, in 
der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der InsO 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich 
der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der InsO in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"InsO" means of the German Insolvency 
Statute (Insolvenzordnung), as amended or 
replaced from time to time; to the extent that 
any provisions of the InsO are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of the 
InsO as used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions or 
successor provisions from time to time. 
 
"KWG" bezeichnet das Gesetz über das 
Kreditwesen (Kreditwesengesetz), in der 
Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; 
soweit Bestimmungen des KWG geändert 
oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen des KWG in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
"KWG" means the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz), as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the KWG are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of the 
KWG as used in these Terms and Conditions

--- Page 62 ---
62 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
shall refer to such amended provisions or 
successor provisions from time to time. 
 
"Tier 2 
Instrument" 
bezeichnet 
jedes 
Kapitalinstrument 
oder 
nachrangige 
Darlehensinstrument der Emittentin, das 
zum betreffenden Zeitpunkt als Ergänzungs-
kapitalinstrument gemäß Artikel 63 CRR 
qualifiziert. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument or subordinated loan instrument of 
the Issuer that qualifies as a Tier 2 instrument 
pursuant to Article 63 CRR at the relevant 
time. 
(3) 
Im Fall von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin und im Fall der 
Auflösung, 
der 
Liquidation 
oder 
der 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
Vergleichs 
oder 
eines 
anderen 
der 
Abwendung 
der 
Insolvenz 
dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin  
(i) 
stehen 
die 
Ansprüche 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen im gleichen 
Rang wie die Ansprüche gegen die 
Emittentin 
aus 
anderen 
AT1 
Instrumenten sowie aus anderen 
Instrumenten, die nach zwingendem 
Recht 
mit 
AT1 
Instrumenten 
gleichrangig sind; und 
 
(3) 
If resolution measures are imposed on the 
Issuer, or in the event of the dissolution, 
liquidation, insolvency or composition of the 
Issuer, or if other proceedings are opened for 
the avoidance of insolvency of the Issuer or 
against the Issuer,  
(i) 
claims under the Notes rank pari 
passu with the claims against the 
Issuer under other AT1 Instruments 
and claims under other instruments 
which 
pursuant 
to 
mandatory 
provisions of law rank pari passu with 
AT1 Instruments; and 
(ii) 
gehen 
die 
Ansprüche 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Ansprüchen hinsichtlich Posten des 
harten Kernkapitals der Emittentin 
gemäß Artikel 26 CRR im Rang vor, 
insbesondere, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, den Ansprüchen aus 
Stammaktien. 
 
(ii) 
claims under the Notes rank senior to 
the claims in respect of common 
equity tier 1 items of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 26 CRR, in 
particular (but not limited to) claims 
under ordinary shares. 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
nicht mehr als AT1 Instrumente oder andere 
Eigenmittelinstrumente der Emittentin im 
Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 119 CRR 
qualifizieren, gehen gemäß § 46f Abs. 7a 
KWG 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sämtlichen 
Verbindlichkeiten aus Eigenmitteln vor. 
 
If the Notes in their entirety no longer qualify 
as AT1 Instruments or other own funds 
instruments within the meaning of Article 4(1) 
no. 119 CRR, the obligations under the Notes 
will, pursuant to § 46f(7a) KWG, rank in 
priority to all obligations under own funds 
instruments. 
 
"CRR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
575/2013, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt,; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRR geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der Verweis auf 
Bestimmungen 
der 
CRR 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
 
 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, 
as amended or replaced from time to time,; 
to the extent that any provisions of the CRR 
are amended or replaced, the reference to 
provisions of the CRR as used in these 
Terms and Conditions shall refer to such 
amended provisions or successor provisions 
from time to time. 
(4) 
Unter Beachtung von § 2(2) bleibt es der 
Emittentin 
unbenommen, 
ihre 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
aus 
dem 
sonstigen freien Vermögen zu bedienen. 
 
(4) 
Subject to § 2(2), the Issuer may satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes also from other 
distributable 
assets 
(sonstiges 
freies 
Vermögen) of the Issuer. 
(5) 
Die Aufrechnung von Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen gegen Forderungen 
der Emittentin ist ausgeschlossen. Den 
Gläubigern wird für ihre Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
Sicherheit 
 
(5) 
No Holder may set off his claims arising 
under the Notes against any claims of the 
Issuer. No collateral or guarantee is, shall at 
any time be, provided securing claims of the 
Holders under the Notes. Any collateral or

--- Page 63 ---
63 
oder Garantie gestellt; eine solche Sicherheit 
oder Garantie wird auch zu keinem späteren 
Zeitpunkt gestellt werden. Bereits gestellte 
oder zukünftig gestellte Sicherheiten oder 
Garantien im Zusammenhang mit anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin haften nicht 
für 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
guarantee already provided or granted in the 
future (as the case may be) in connection 
with other liabilities of the Issuer may not be 
used for claims under the Notes. 
(6) 
Nachträglich können der Nachrang gemäß 
§ 2(1) und (2) nicht beschränkt sowie die 
Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen und 
jede anwendbare 
Kündigungsfrist nicht 
verkürzt werden. Bereits vor der Vornahme 
von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in Bezug auf 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Auflösung, 
Liquidation oder Insolvenz der Emittentin 
oder eines Vergleichs oder eines anderen 
der Abwendung der Insolvenz dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin steht jede 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Vorbehalt 
der Erfüllung der Bedingungen gemäß § 3(8) 
und 
jede 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe von 
§ 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) oder § 5(5) und jeder 
Rückkauf der Schuldverschreibungen nach 
Maßgabe von § 10(2) unter dem Vorbehalt 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6). 
 
(6) 
No subsequent agreement may limit the 
subordination pursuant to § 2(1) and (2) or 
shorten the term of the Notes or any 
applicable notice period. Even prior to the 
imposition of any resolution measures upon 
the Issuer, or the dissolution, liquidation, 
insolvency, or composition of the Issuer, or 
the opening of other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the 
Issuer, payment of interest on the Notes will 
be subject to the conditions set forth in § 3(8) 
being fulfilled, and any redemption of the 
Notes pursuant to § 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) or 
§ 5(5) and any repurchase of the Notes 
pursuant to § 10(2) will be subject to the 
conditions to redemption and repurchase set 
forth in § 5(6) being fulfilled. 
 
Hinweis 
auf 
vorinsolvenzliches 
Zahlungsverbot. Zu den Bedingungen 
gemäß § 3(8) und zu den Rückzahlungs- 
und Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
gehören die Bedingungen, dass an dem Tag, 
an dem der betreffende Betrag von Kapital 
oder Zinsen zur Zahlung vorgesehen ist, (i) 
die Emittentin am Tag der relevanten 
Zahlung weder überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 InsO noch zahlungsunfähig im Sinne 
von § 17 InsO ist, und (ii) die Zahlung des 
betreffenden 
Betrages 
nicht 
zu 
einer 
Überschuldung im Sinne von § 19 InsO oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit im Sinne von § 17 InsO 
der Emittentin führt. 
 
 
Note on Payment Restrictions prior to an 
Insolvency. The conditions set forth in 
§ 3(8) and the conditions to redemption and 
repurchase set forth in § 5(6) include the 
conditions that, on the date on which the 
relevant amount of principal or interest is 
scheduled to be paid, (i) the Issuer is neither 
over-indebted within the meaning of § 19 
InsO nor illiquid within the meaning of § 17 
InsO on the date of the relevant payment, 
and (ii) the payment of the relevant amount 
would not result in an overindebtedness 
within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquidity 
within the meaning of § 17 InsO of the Issuer. 
 
Das 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Emittentin 
unabhängig von und bereits vor Einleitung 
eines 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Liquidations-
verfahrens 
über 
das 
Vermögen 
der 
Emittentin weder eine vorgesehene Zahlung 
von Zinsen noch eine Rückzahlung von 
Kapital 
vornehmen 
darf, 
wenn 
(i) die 
Emittentin am Tag der relevanten Zahlung 
überschuldet im Sinne von § 19 InsO oder 
zahlungsunfähig im Sinne von § 17 InsO ist, 
oder (ii) die Zahlung des betreffenden 
Betrages zu einer Überschuldung im Sinne 
von § 19 InsO oder Zahlungsunfähigkeit im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO der Emittentin führen 
würde. Ein solches Zahlungsverbot kann für 
 
 
This means that irrespective of, and even 
prior to, the opening of any insolvency or 
liquidation proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer, the Issuer shall not make a 
scheduled payment of interest or principal if 
(i) the Issuer is over-indebted within the 
meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date of the 
relevant payment, or (ii) the payment of the 
relevant 
amount 
would 
result 
in 
an 
overindebtedness within the meaning of § 19 
InsO or illiquidity within the meaning of § 17 
InsO of the Issuer. Such a prohibition on 
payment may be in effect for an indefinite 
period of time and even permanently.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
unbestimmte Zeit und sogar dauerhaft 
gelten.  
(7) 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen unter 
anderen als den in § 2(2), § 2(3) und § 2(6) 
beschriebenen Umständen zurückgezahlt 
oder von der Emittentin zurückerworben, so 
ist der zurückgezahlte oder gezahlte Betrag 
der 
Emittentin 
ohne 
Rücksicht 
auf 
entgegenstehende Vereinbarungen zurück 
zu gewähren, sofern nicht die für die 
Emittentin Zuständige Behörde (wie unten 
definiert) 
der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf zuvor zugestimmt hat. 
 
(7) 
If the Notes are redeemed or repurchased by 
the 
Issuer 
otherwise 
than 
in 
the 
circumstances described in § 2(2), § 2(3) 
and § 2(6), then the amounts redeemed or 
paid must be returned to the Issuer 
irrespective of any agreement to the contrary 
unless the Competent Authority (as defined 
below) of the Issuer has given its prior 
consent to such redemption or repurchase. 
(8) 
Hinweis 
auf 
die 
Möglichkeit 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. 
Die 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
(wie 
unten 
definiert) kann nach den für die Emittentin 
geltenden 
Abwicklungsvorschriften 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen vor einer Insolvenz 
oder 
Liquidation 
der 
Emittentin 
herabschreiben (bis einschließlich auf null), 
in Eigenkapital (zum Beispiel Stammaktien 
der Emittentin) umwandeln oder sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
treffen, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Übertragung 
der 
Verbindlichkeiten 
auf 
einen 
anderen 
Rechtsträger, 
einer 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen oder einer Löschung 
der Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
(8) 
Note on the Possibility of Statutory 
Resolution 
Measures. 
Prior 
to 
any 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under 
bank resolution laws applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time, the Resolution Authority 
(as defined below) may write down (including 
to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes, convert them into equity (e.g. 
ordinary shares of the Issuer) or apply any 
other resolution measure, including any 
transfer of the obligations to another entity, 
an amendment of the Terms and Conditions 
or a cancellation of the Notes. 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
 
§ 3 
Interest 
(1)  
Verzinsung, Zinszahlungstage. 
 (1) 
Interest Calculation, Interest Payment Dates. 
(a)  
Vorbehaltlich 
des 
Ausschlusses 
der 
Zinszahlung 
nach 
§ 3(8) 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis 
zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst.  
 (a) 
Subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payments pursuant to § 3(8), the Notes shall 
bear interest from (and including) [insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, 
and thereafter from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
next following Interest Payment Date.  
 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
[Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [und] [weitere 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen]. 
Erster 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] ([kurze][lange] 
erste Zinsperiode).  
  
"Interest Payment Date" means [insert 
Interest Payment Date] [and] [further 
Interest Payment Dates] in each year. The 
first Interest Payment Date is [insert first 
Interest Payment Date] ([short][long] first 
interest period). 
(b) 
Zinsen sind vorbehaltlich des Ausschlusses 
der Zinszahlung nach § 3(8) nachträglich an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
Zahlung 
vorgesehen.  
 (b) 
Subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payments pursuant to § 3(8), interest shall 
be scheduled to be paid in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date.  
(c) 
Der zur Zahlung vorgesehene Zinsbetrag wird 
gemäß § 3(3) berechnet. 
 (c) 
The amount of interest scheduled to be paid 
will be determined in accordance with § 3(3). 
(2)  
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für 
jede Zinsperiode (wie in § 3(2)(b) definiert) ist, 
 (2)  
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the 
"Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period

--- Page 65 ---
65 
sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes 
bestimmt wird, 
(as defined in § 3(2)(b)) will, except as 
otherwise provided below, be 
(a) 
für den Zeitraum vom Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
[Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag einfügen] (der "Erste 
Zinsanpassungstag") (ausschließlich) ein 
fester Zinssatz in Höhe von [Zinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum, und 
 (a) 
for the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date 
to (but 
excluding) [insert First Reset Date] (the 
"First Reset Date") a fixed rate of [insert 
interest rate] per cent. per annum, and 
(b)  
für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächsten Zinsanpassungstag (ausschließlich) 
und danach für den Zeitraum ab jedem 
Zinsanpassungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächsten Zinsanpassungstag (ausschließlich) 
der 
betreffende 
Referenzsatz 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
zuzüglich 
der 
ursprünglichen Kreditmarge in Höhe von 
[ursprüngliche Kreditmarge einfügen]% 
per annum1 [entsprechend der Anzahl der 
Zinszahlungstage in einem Jahr, die der 
Bestimmung 
der 
ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge zugrunde gelegt wurde, falls 
eine ggf. erforderliche Umrechnung des 
Referenzsatzes auf die betreffende Basis 
erfolgen soll, einfügen: (ausgedrückt auf 
[viertel][halb]jährlicher Basis)]. 
 (b) 
for the period from (and including) the First 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Reset 
Date and thereafter from (and including) 
each Reset Date to (but excluding) the next 
Reset Date the applicable Reference Rate 
(as defined below) plus the initial credit 
spread of [insert initial credit spread] per 
cent. per annum1 [depending on the 
number of Interest Payment Dates falling 
in a year used to determine the initial 
credit spread, in the case that the 
Reference Rate shall be converted (if so 
required) to the relevant basis, insert: 
(expressed 
on 
a[n] 
[quarterly] 
[semi-
][annual] basis)]. 
 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 bestimmt) 
bestimmt für jeden Zinsanpassungstag am 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
den 
jeweiligen 
Referenzsatz 
nach 
Maßgabe 
dieses § 3(2). 
  
The Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6) 
will determine the relevant Reference Rate in 
accordance with this § 3(2) for each Reset 
Date 
on 
the 
respective 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
Der 
"Referenzsatz" 
zu 
jedem 
Zinsanpassungstag wird wie folgt bestimmt: 
  
The "Reference Rate" for each Reset Date 
will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
wenn der betreffende Reset Zeitraum 
(wie nachstehend definiert) vor dem 
Stichtag (wie in § 3(7)(vi) definiert) 
beginnt, entspricht der Referenzsatz 
dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz an 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag. 
Falls in diesem Fall der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz zu dem betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, aber 
kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(x) 
definiert) 
eingetreten 
ist, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag dem 
Referenzbankensatz; oder. 
 
(i) 
if the relevant Reset Period (as 
defined below) begins prior to the 
relevant Effective Date (as defined in 
§ 3(7)(vi)), the Reference Rate will be 
equal to the Original Benchmark Rate 
on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date. If in this case the Original 
Benchmark Rate does not appear on 
the Screen Page as at such time on 
the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, but no Benchmark Event (as 
defined in § 3(7)(x)) has occurred, the 
Reference Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date will be the 
Reference Bank Rate; or 
(ii) 
wenn der betreffende Reset Zeitraum 
an oder nach dem Stichtag beginnt, 
wird der Referenzsatz gemäß § 3(7) 
bestimmt[.] 
 
(ii) 
if the relevant Reset Period begins on 
or after the Effective Date, the 
Reference Rate will be determined in 
accordance with § 3(7)[.] 
Für die Bestimmung des Referenzsatzes wird 
ein nicht auf [viertel][halb]jährlicher Basis 
ausgedrückter 
Satz 
in 
wirtschaftlich 
 
For purposes of the determination of the 
Reference Rate, any rate which is not 
expressed 
on 
a[n] 
[quarterly] 
[semi-
 
1  
Dies entspricht der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge im Zeitpunkt der Preisfindung. / This equals the initial credit spread at the time of pricing.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
vernünftiger 
Weise 
auf 
eine 
[viertel][halb]jährliche Basis umgerechnet. 
][annual] basis will be converted to a[n] 
[quarterly] 
[semi-][annual] 
basis 
in 
a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Referenzbankensatz" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Prozentsatz, der auf der Grundlage der [5][●]-
Jahres-Mid-Market-Swapsatz-Angebotssätze 
ermittelt wird, die der Berechnungsstelle (wie 
in § 6 definiert) um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Ortszeit 
Frankfurt am Main) am Zinsfestlegungstag 
von den Referenzbanken zur Verfügung 
gestellt werden. Falls mehr als [drei][●] 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist der Satz 
das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze, 
jeweils unter Ausschluss des jeweils höchsten 
und niedrigsten Angebotssatzes (bzw. sollte 
es mehr als einen höchsten bzw. niedrigsten 
Angebotssatz geben, einen der jeweils 
höchsten und niedrigsten Angebotssätze). 
Geben weniger als [drei][●] Referenzbanken 
einen Angebotssatz an, so ermittelt die 
Berechnungsstelle den Referenzbankensatz 
nach ihrem billigen Ermessen. 
 
"Reference 
Bank 
Rate" 
means 
the 
percentage rate determined on the basis of 
the [5][●] year Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations provided by the Reference Banks 
to the Calculation Agent at approximately 
11:00 a.m. Frankfurt time on the Interest 
Determination Date. If more than [three][●] 
of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with offered quotations, 
the Rate shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the highest) and the lowest quotation (or in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest) all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If less 
than [three][●] quotations are provided, the 
Calculation 
Agent 
will 
determine 
the 
Reference Bank Rate at its reasonable 
discretion. 
"[5][●]-Jahres-Mid-Market-Swapsatz-
Angebotssätze" 
bezeichnet 
das 
arithmetische Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse 
für die jährliche Festzinsseite (berechnet auf 
der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen 
und zwölf Monaten mit je 30 Tagen) einer 
Euro-Zinsswap-Transaktion 
fest 
gegen 
variabel (i) mit einer Laufzeit von [5][●] 
Jahr[en], 
die 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsanpassungstag beginnt, (ii) in einem 
Betrag, der für eine einzelne Transaktion in 
dem betreffenden Markt zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt, die mit einem anerkannten Händler 
guter Bonität im Swap-Markt abgeschlossen 
wird, repräsentativ ist, und (iii) mit einer 
variablen Zinsseite, die auf dem 6-Monats-
EURIBOR (berechnet auf der Grundlage der 
Anzahl der in einem Jahr mit 360 Tagen 
tatsächlich abgelaufenen Anzahl von Tagen) 
basiert. 
 
"[5][●] 
year 
Mid-Market 
Swap 
Rate 
Quotations" means the arithmetic mean of 
the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg (calculated on the basis of a 360-day 
year of twelve 30-day months) of a fixed-for-
floating Euro interest rate swap transaction 
which (i) has a term of [5][●] years 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) 
is in an amount that is representative of a 
single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and 
(iii) has a floating leg based on the 6-month 
EURIBOR rate (calculated on the basis of 
the actual number of days elapsed in a 360-
day year). 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
[fünf][●] 
führende Swap-Händler im Interbankenmarkt. 
 
"Reference Banks" means [five][●] leading 
swap dealers in the interbank market. 
"T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem 
alle 
betroffenen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-
European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement Systems des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolgesystems (T2) offen sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
 
"T2 Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which all 
relevant parts of the real-time gross 
settlement 
system 
operated 
by 
the 
Eurosystem or any successor system (T2) 
are open to effect payments. 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" bezeich-
net den jährlichen Swapsatz für Euro-Swap-
Transaktionen mit einer Laufzeit von [5][●] 
Jahr[en], 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz, 
beginnend mit dem Zinsanpassungstag, der 
um 11:00 Uhr (Ortszeit Frankfurt am Main) am 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
auf 
der 
LSEG-
Bildschirmseite "ICESWAP2" (bzw. einer 
 
"Original Benchmark Rate" means the 
annual swap rate for Euro swap transactions 
with a [5][●] year maturity commencing on 
the Reset Date, expressed as a percentage, 
as 
displayed 
on 
the 
LSEG 
screen 
"ICESWAP2" (or any successor page) (the 
"Screen Page") under the heading "11:00 
AM" (as such headings may appear from

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Nachfolgeseite) (die "Bildschirmseite") unter 
der Überschrift "11:00 AM" (wie diese 
Überschriften jeweils erscheinen) angezeigt 
wird. 
time to time) as at 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt am 
Main time) on the Interest Determination 
Date. 
"Zinsanpassungstag" bezeichnet den Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag und jeden [fünften][●] 
Jahrestag 
des 
jeweils 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Zinsanpassungstages. 
 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date 
and 
any 
[fifth][●] 
anniversary 
of 
the 
immediately preceding Reset Date. 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf den Referenzsatz, der für den Zeitraum 
von 
einem 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
festzustellen 
ist, 
den 
[[zweiten][●] 
T2-
Geschäftstag vor dem] Zinsanpassungstag, 
an dem dieser Zeitraum beginnt (jeder dieser 
Zeiträume, ein "Reset Zeitraum"). 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in 
respect of the Reference Rate to be 
determined in relation to the period from (and 
including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next following Reset Date, the [[second][●] 
T2 Business Day preceding the] Reset Date 
on which such period commences (each of 
such periods, a "Reset Period"). 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. ab 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
(3) 
Zinsbetrag. Unverzüglich nach Bestimmung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
bestimmen 
und 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag 
in Bezug auf den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
(vorbehaltlich § 3(8)) (der "Zinsbetrag") für 
die entsprechenden Zinsperioden bis zum 
nächsten Zinsanpassungstag berechnen. Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinstagequotient 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
auf 
den 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag 
angewendet werden. Der resultierende Betrag 
wird auf die kleinste Unter-Einheit der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, 
wobei 
0,5 
solcher 
Unter-Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden. 
 (3) 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, 
without undue delay after the determination of 
the Reference Rate, determine the applicable 
Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on 
the Notes in respect of the Current Nominal 
Amount (subject to § 3(8)) for the relevant 
Interest Periods until the next Reset Date. 
Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and the Day 
Count Fraction (subject to § 3(8)) to the 
Current Nominal Amount and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such sub-units 
being rounded upwards. 
 
Im Falle einer Herabschreibung nach § 5(9)(b) 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen für die 
gesamte betreffende Zinsperiode, in welcher 
diese Herabschreibung erfolgt, jeweils nur 
bezogen auf den dann Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
verzinst, der entsprechend reduziert wurde, 
wobei eine etwaige an dem Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß § 5(9)(c) erfolgende Hochschreibung 
für diese Zinsperiode unberücksichtigt bleibt 
und sich erst ab der Zinsperiode auswirkt, die 
an dem Zinszahlungstag beginnt, zu welchem 
die Hochschreibung erfolgt. 
  
In the event of a write-down pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(b), each of the Notes shall for the full 
respective Interest Period in which such write-
down occurs only bear interest on the then 
Current Nominal Amount which has been 
reduced accordingly; a potential write-up 
pursuant to § 5(9)(c) which may occur on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date will not be 
taken into account for such Interest Period 
and will only become effective from the 
Interest Period commencing on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the write-up occurs. 
 
"Aktueller Nennbetrag" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung: 
(i) am 
Begebungstag 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrag und (ii) anschließend ihren ggf. 
um 
Herabschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
verminderten 
(soweit 
nicht 
durch 
  
"Current Nominal Amount" means, with 
respect to any Note: (i) at the date of the issue, 
the Original Nominal Amount of such Note and 
(ii) thereafter, the then outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note as reduced by any write-
downs pursuant to § 5(9)(b) (to the extent not

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Hochschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(c) 
kompensiert) ausstehenden Nennbetrag. 
made up for by write-ups pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(c)). 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick 
auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum")  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of 
the calculation of an Interest Amount on the 
Notes for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period")  
(i) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, in 
die er fällt, oder kürzer als diese ist, die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(y) 
der 
Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger als eine Feststellungsperiode ist, 
die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than 
the Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Fest-
stellungsperiode fallen, in der der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
dividiert 
durch 
das 
Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden; und 
(A) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which 
the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the 
number 
of 
days 
in 
such 
Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
dividiert durch das Produkt aus 
(x) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden. 
(B) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
next 
Determination 
Period 
divided by the product of (x) the 
number 
of 
days 
in 
such 
Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Periode 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), der in ein beliebiges Jahr fällt, 
bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
"Determination Period" means each period 
from and including a Determination Date in 
any 
year 
to 
but 
excluding 
the 
next 
Determination Date. 
"Feststellungstermin" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
[Feststellungstermin 
einfügen] 
[und] 
[weitere Feststellungstermine einfügen]. 
"Determination 
Date" 
means 
[insert 
Determination Date] [and] [insert further 
Determination Dates] in each year. 
(4)  
Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinsbetrag 
für 
die 
 (4) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount for

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Zinsperioden 
bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag der (i) Emittentin, der 
Zahlstelle und den Gläubigern gemäß § 11 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als am 
vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
Geschäftstag und (ii) jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn 
der 
Zinsperiode, 
für 
die 
der 
betreffende Zinssatz und der betreffende 
Zinsbetrag gilt, mitgeteilt werden. 
the Interest Periods up to the next Reset Date 
to be notified (i) to the Issuer, to the Paying 
Agent and to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 11 as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter and (ii), if 
required by the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are listed from time to time 
at the request of the Issuer, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the 
first day of the Interest Period in relation to 
which the relevant Rate of Interest and the 
relevant Interest Amount apply. 
(5)  
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, 
abgegeben, 
getroffen 
oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein 
offensichtlicher 
Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, die Zahlstelle und die Gläubiger 
bindend. 
 (5) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes 
of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent 
and the Holders. 
(6)  
Auflaufende 
Zinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Beginn des 
Tages, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig 
werden. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, ist der Aktuelle Nennbetrag jeder 
Schuldverschreibung vom Tag der Fälligkeit 
an 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in 
Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Zinssatzes 
für Verzugszinsen1 zu verzinsen. 
 (6) 
Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the beginning of the day on 
which they become due for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to make the relevant redemption 
payment under the Notes when due, each of 
the Notes will bear interest on its Current 
Nominal Amount from (and including) the due 
date to (but excluding) the day of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the statutory 
default rate of interest2. 
(7)  
Benchmark-Ereignis. 
 (7) 
Benchmark Event. 
 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf 
den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt für die Bestimmung des jeweiligen 
Referenzsatzes und die Verzinsung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 3(2) 
Folgendes: 
  
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
relevant 
Reference Rate and the interest on the Notes 
in accordance with § 3(2) will be determined 
as follows: 
(i) 
Wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz eingetreten ist, dann ist 
die Berechnungstelle berechtigt, nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(x) 
definiert), den Anpassungsspread (wie 
in § 3(7)(x) definiert) und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(iv) definiert) festzulegen. 
 
(i) 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
relation to the Original Benchmark 
Rate, then the Calculation Agent may, 
using reasonable discretion, determine 
a New Benchmark Rate (as defined in 
§ 3(7)(x)), the Adjustment Spread (as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(7)(x)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark Amendments (as defined in 
§ 3(7)(iv)). 
 
1  
Der gesetzliche Zinssatz für Verzugszinsen liegt fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils veröffentlichten 
Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB). / The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage 
points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(ii) 
Wenn die Berechnungsstelle vor dem 
10. Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmark 
Satz, 
keinen 
Anpassungsspread 
oder 
keine 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(sofern 
erforderlich) gemäß diesem § 3(7) 
festgestellt hat, dann entspricht der 
Referenzsatz für den nächsten Reset 
Zeitraum 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
festgestellten Referenzsatz. 
 
(ii) 
If, prior to the 10th Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent does not 
determine a New Benchmark Rate, any 
Adjustment Spread or any Benchmark 
Amendments 
(if 
required) 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
§ 3(7), 
the 
Reference Rate applicable to the next 
Reset Period shall be the Reference 
Rate determined on the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. 
 
Falls 
dieser 
§ 3(7)(ii) 
an 
dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag in Bezug auf den 
Reset 
Zeitraum, 
der 
am 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
beginnt, 
zur 
Anwendung kommt, entspricht der 
Referenzsatz für diesen ersten Reset 
Zeitraum 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite 
an dem letzten Tag vor diesem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
angezeigt wurde. 
 
 
If this §3(7)(ii) is to be applied on the 
Interest Determination Date in respect 
of the Reset Period, commencing on 
the First Reset Date, the Reference 
Rate applicable to such first Reset 
Period shall be the Original Benchmark 
Rate on the Screen Page on the last 
day 
preceding 
such 
Interest 
Determination Date on which such 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
was 
displayed. 
 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(7)(ii) 
bestimmte 
Ausweichsatz 
zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(7) erneut 
angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für 
den nächsten nachfolgenden Reset 
Zeitraum und, sofern notwendig, für 
weitere nachfolgende Reset Zeiträume 
zu bestimmen. 
 
 
If the fallback rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(7)(ii) is to be 
applied, § 3(7) will be operated again to 
determine 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the next subsequent (and, 
if required, further subsequent) Reset 
Period(s). 
(iii) 
Falls 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in 
its reasonable discretion that: 
(A) 
dass 
es 
einen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue 
Benchmarktsatz; oder 
 
(A) 
there is a Successor Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be the 
New Benchmark Rate; or 
(B) 
dass 
es 
keinen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
aber 
einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue 
Benchmarktsatz. 
 
(B) 
there 
is 
no 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that there is 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
then such Alternative Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
be 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate. 
 
In 
beiden 
Fällen 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz für den unmittelbar nach 
dem 
Stichtag 
beginnenden 
Reset 
Zeitraum und alle folgenden Reset 
Zeiträume vorbehaltlich § 3(7)(ix) dann 
dem (x) Neuen Benchmarksatz an dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
zuzüglich (y) dem Anpassungsspread. 
 
 
In either case the Reference Rate for 
the Reset Period immediately after the 
Effective Date and all following Reset 
Periods, subject to § 3(7)(ix), will then 
be (x) the New Benchmark Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date 
plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Wenn ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und 
der entsprechende Anpassungsspread 
gemäß diesem § 3(7) festgestellt wurde 
und 
wenn 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
feststellt, dass Änderungen hinsichtlich 
dieser Anleihebedingungen notwendig 
 
(iv) 
If any relevant New Benchmark Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
are determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(7), and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to

--- Page 71 ---
71 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
des 
entsprechenden Anpassungssspreads 
zu gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, 
die "Benchmark-Änderungen"), dann 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen feststellen. 
ensure the proper operation of such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), then the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments. 
 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen können 
insbesondere folgende Regelungen 
erfassen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
erfassen: 
 
 
The Benchmark Amendments may 
include, without limitation, the following 
conditions 
of 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions: 
(A) 
den Referenzsatz einschließlich 
der 'Bildschirmseite' und/oder 
der Methode zur Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
Fallback) für den Referenzsatz; 
und/oder 
 
(A) 
the Reference Rate including the 
'Screen Page' and/or the method 
for determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Reference Rate; 
and/or 
(B) 
die Definitionen der Begriffe 
'Geschäftstag', 
'T2-
Geschäftstag', 'Zinszahlungstag', 
'Zinsperiode', 'Reset Zeitraum', 
'Zinstagequotient' 
und/oder 
'Zinsfestlegungstag' 
(einschließlich der Festlegung ob 
der Referenzsatz vorwärts- oder 
rückwärtsgerichtet 
bestimmt 
wird); und/oder 
 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms 
'Business Day', 'T2 Business 
Day', 'Interest Payment Date', 
'Interest Period', 'Reset Period', 
'Day 
Count 
Fraction' 
and/or 
'Interest 
Determination 
Date' 
(including 
the 
determination 
whether the Reference Rate will 
be determined on a forward 
looking or a backward looking 
basis); and/or 
(C) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß § 4(5). 
 
(C) 
the business day convention in 
§ 4(5). 
(v) 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
den 
Anpassungsspread 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) bzw. den Ausweichsatz 
gemäß § 3(7)(ii) der Emittentin, den 
Zahlstellen und gemäß § 11 den 
Gläubigern mitteilen, und zwar sobald 
eine solche Mitteilung (nach Ansicht der 
Berechnungsstelle) 
nach 
deren 
Feststellung erforderlich ist, spätestens 
jedoch an dem 10. Geschäftstag vor 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag. 
Eine solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich 
und hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
 
(v) 
The Calculation Agent will notify any 
New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(7) or the 
fallback 
rate 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3(7)(ii), as the case may be, to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with § 11, the Holders as 
soon as such notification is (in the 
Calculation Agent's view) required 
following the determination thereof, but 
in any event not later than on the 10th 
Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the Effective Date. 
 
Der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz, 
der 
Anpassungsspread 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
bzw. 
der 
Ausweichsatz, 
die 
jeweils 
in 
der 
Mitteilung benannt werden, sind (sofern 
nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen und 
die 
Gläubiger 
bindend. 
Diese 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab dem 
Stichtag 
als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
 
 
The 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
or 
the 
fallback rate, as the case may be, each 
as specified in such notice, will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
These Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been amended by the 
New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Benchmarksatz, 
den 
Anpassungsspread und die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the 
Effective Date. 
(vi) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
des 
Anpassungsspread und der etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestlegungstag, 
der 
auf 
den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage fällt oder 
diesem nachfolgt: 
 
(vi) 
The effective date for the application of 
the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark Amendments determined 
under this § 3(7) (the "Effective Date") 
will be the Interest Determination Date 
falling on or after the earliest of the 
following dates: 
(A) 
der 
Tag 
an 
dem 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt 
wird 
bzw. 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht mehr repräsentativ ist oder 
sein wird, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund von Ziffer (1), 
(2) bzw. (3) der Definition des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause (1), 
(2) or (3) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the 
date 
of 
or 
cessation 
of 
publication 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, the date of the 
discontinuation of the Original 
Benchmark Rate or the date as 
from 
which 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate is or will no 
longer be representative, as the 
case may be; or 
(B) 
der 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund von Ziffer (4) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause (4) 
of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date 
from 
which 
the 
prohibition 
applies; or 
(C) 
der 
Tag 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
Benchmark-Ereignises, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Ziffer[n] (5) [oder 
(6)] der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist. 
 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause[s] 
(5) [or (6)] of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the 
date 
of 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Benchmark Event. 
(vii) 
Eine Anpassung des Referenzsatzes 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
darf 
nicht 
durchgeführt werden, wenn und soweit 
diese Anpassung dazu führen würde, 
dass die Emittentin berechtigt wäre, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
regulatorischen Gründen gemäß § 5(3) 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
(vii) 
No adjustment to the Reference Rate 
will be made in accordance with this 
§ 3(7) if and to the extent that as a result 
of such adjustment the Issuer were to 
be entitled to redeem the Notes for 
regulatory reasons in accordance with 
§ 5(3). 
(viii) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Be-
zug auf einen Neuen Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, gilt dieser § 3(7) entsprechend 
für die Ersetzung des Neuen Bench-
marksatzes durch einen neuen Nach-
folge-Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in diesem § 3 auf den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Bench-
marksatz" als Bezugnahme auf den 
zuletzt verwendeten Neuen Bench-
marksatz. 
 
(viii) If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to any New Benchmark Rate, § 3(7) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
replacement of such New Benchmark 
Rate 
by 
any 
new 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. 
In this case, any reference in this § 3 to 
the term "Original Benchmark Rate" 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the New Benchmark Rate that last 
applied.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(ix) 
In 
diesem 
§ 3 
schließt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
gegebenenfalls 
auch 
eine 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
eine 
etwaige 
Teilkomponente des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes ein, wenn in Bezug 
auf 
diese 
Teilkomponente 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist. 
 
(ix) 
Any reference in this § 3 to the term 
"Original Benchmark Rate" shall be 
deemed to include a reference to any 
component part thereof, if any, in 
respect of which a Benchmark Event 
has occurred. 
(x) 
Zur Verwendung in § 3(7): 
 
(x) 
As used in this § 3(7): 
 
Der "Anpassungsspread", der positiv, 
negativ oder gleich null sein kann, wird 
in 
Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und 
bezeichnet entweder (a) den Spread 
oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der 
Formel 
oder 
Methode 
zur 
Berechnung des Spread, die 
 
 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may 
be positive, negative or zero, will be 
expressed in basis points and means 
either (a) the spread, or (b) the result of 
the operation of the 
formula or 
methodology for calculating the spread, 
which 
(1) 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
formell 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz vom 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to the 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
with 
the 
Successor Benchmark Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
(2) 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
gemäß 
Ziffer (1) 
abgegeben 
wurde 
oder 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise 
an 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten auf den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
angewendet wird, um einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
zu erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle nach billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden; oder 
 
(2) 
(if no recommendation pursuant 
to clause (1) has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate) is applied to 
the New Benchmark Rate in 
international debt capital markets 
to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement benchmark rate for 
the Original Benchmark Rate, 
provided that all determinations 
will be made by the Calculation 
Agent 
in 
its 
reasonable 
discretion; or 
(3) 
(sofern die Berechnungsstelle 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
feststellt, 
dass 
kein 
solcher 
Spread 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird und dass das 
Folgende 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen 
ist) 
als 
industrieweiter 
Standard 
für 
Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, die sich 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
beziehen, 
anerkannt oder bestätigt ist, 
wenn 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
durch 
den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz ersetzt 
worden ist, wobei sämtliche 
 
(3) 
(if the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable 
discretion 
determines that no such spread 
is customarily applied and that 
the 
following 
would 
be 
appropriate for the Notes) is 
recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter 
derivative 
transactions which reference the 
Original Benchmark Rate, where 
the Original Benchmark Rate has 
been replaced by the New 
Benchmark Rate, provided that 
all determinations will be made 
by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle nach billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden. 
Falls 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
einen 
solchen 
Anpassungsspread 
nicht 
feststellt, 
dann 
ist 
der 
Anpassungsspread gleich null. 
 
If the Calculation Agent does not 
determine such Adjustment Spread, 
then the Adjustment Spread will be 
zero. 
 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet eine alternative Benchmark 
oder einen alternativen Bildschirmsatz, 
die bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten 
zur Bestimmung von Zinssätzen in der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
angewendet 
wird, wobei sämtliche Feststellungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden. 
 
 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means 
an 
alternative 
benchmark 
or 
an 
alternative 
screen 
rate 
which 
is 
customarily applied in international debt 
capital markets for the purpose of 
determining rates of interest in the 
Specified Currency, provided that all 
determinations will be made by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion. 
 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn: 
 
 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(1) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch oder im 
Namen der für den Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde vorgenommen 
wird, aus der hervorgeht, dass 
dieser 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass es zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen 
Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
 
(1) 
a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of 
the regulatory supervisor of the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator is made, stating 
that 
said 
administrator 
has 
ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(2) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch oder im 
Namen des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, die besagt, 
dass 
der 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass es zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen 
Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
 
(2) 
a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator is made, stating 
that 
said 
administrator 
has 
ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(3) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch 
oder 
im 
Namen 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes veröffentlicht 
wird, wonach der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
ihrer 
Ansicht 
nach nicht mehr repräsentativ für 
den zugrunde liegenden Markt, 
den er zu messen vorgibt, ist 
oder sein wird, und keine von der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
geforderten 
Maßnahmen zur Behebung einer 
solchen 
Situation 
ergriffen 
worden sind oder zu erwarten 
sind; oder 
 
(3) 
a public statement by or on 
behalf 
of 
the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is 
made that, in its view, the 
Original Benchmark Rate is no 
longer representative, or will no 
longer be representative, of the 
underlying market it purports to 
measure 
and 
no 
action 
to 
remediate such a situation is 
taken or expected to be taken as 
required by the supervisor of the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator; or 
(4) 
die 
Verwendung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
aus 
irgendeinem Grund nach einem 
Gesetz oder einer Verordnung, 
die in Bezug auf die Emittentin 
anwendbar 
ist, 
rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder 
 
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, 
unlawful 
under any law or 
regulation 
applicable 
to 
the 
Issuer 
to 
use 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(5) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ohne vorherige 
offizielle Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige Behörde oder den 
Administrator 
dauerhaft 
nicht 
mehr veröffentlicht wird[; oder][.] 
 
(5) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is 
permanently no longer published 
without 
a 
previous 
official 
announcement by the competent 
authority or the administrator[; 
or][.] 
[Falls eine wesentliche Änderung 
der Methodologie des Ursprüng-
lichen 
Benchmark-satzes 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis sein soll, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
(6) 
eine wesentliche Änderung der 
Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird.] 
 
[If a material change to the Original 
Benchmark Rate methodology is to 
be a Benchmark Event, the following 
applies: 
(6) 
material change is made to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
methodology.] 
 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell durch 
das Nominierungsgremium empfohlen 
wurde. 
 
 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means 
a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet 
den jeweils gemäß § 3(7) bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
 
 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the 
Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the 
case 
may 
be, 
the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 3(7).

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf die Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, 
in respect of the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate: 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung 
in der die Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt wird 
oder 
eine 
Zentralbank 
oder 
andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die Aufsicht des Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist; 
oder 
 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or 
screen 
rate 
(as 
applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden 
Ausschuss 
gefördert 
durch, 
geführt oder mitgeführt von oder 
gebildet von (I) der Zentralbank 
für die Währung in der die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt wird, 
(II) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, die 
für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators der Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (III) einer Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (IV) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) 
oder 
Teilen 
davon. 
 
(2) 
any working group or committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (I) the central bank for 
the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) 
relates, 
(II) 
any 
central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (III) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities or 
(IV) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
(8)  
Ausschluss der Zinszahlung. 
 (8) 
Cancellation of Interest Payment. 
(a)  
Die Emittentin hat das Recht, jederzeit die 
Zinszahlung nach freiem Ermessen ganz oder 
teilweise entfallen zu lassen. Sie teilt den 
Gläubigern unverzüglich, spätestens jedoch 
am betreffenden Zinszahlungstag gemäß § 11 
mit, wenn sie von diesem Recht Gebrauch 
macht. Ein Unterlassen der Benachrichtigung 
der Gläubiger berührt nicht die Wirksamkeit 
der Entscheidung über das Entfallen der 
Zinszahlungen, führt in keinem Fall zu einer 
Pflicht 
der 
Emittentin, 
eine 
entfallene 
Zinszahlung zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt 
nachzuholen, und stellt in keinem Fall eine 
Pflichtverletzung 
dar. 
Eine 
bis 
zum 
betreffenden Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Benachrichtigung 
ist 
unverzüglich 
nachzuholen. 
 (a) 
The Issuer has the right to cancel all or part of 
any payment of interest in its sole discretion 
and at any time. If the Issuer exercises such 
right, it shall give notice to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 without undue delay but 
no later than on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. Any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the decision on the 
cancellation, shall in no event result in an 
obligation of the Issuer to make a cancelled 
interest payment at a later date and shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. A notice 
which has not been given until the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be given without 
undue delay thereafter. 
(b)  
Eine 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ist für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode ausgeschlossen und entfällt 
(ohne 
Einschränkung 
des 
Rechts 
der 
Emittentin nach § 3(8)(a)): 
 (b) 
Payment of interest on the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be excluded and 
cancelled (without prejudice to the right of the 
Issuer pursuant to § 3(8)(a)): 
(i)  
soweit 
eine 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
zusammen mit 
 
(i) 
to the extent that such payment of 
interest together with 
(1) dem 
Betrag 
einer 
etwaigen 
Hochschreibung nach § 5(9)(c), die 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
 
(1) the amount of a write-up, if any, in 
accordance with § 5(9)(c) to be

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt 
werden soll,  
effected as of the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, 
(2)  den an dem selben Tag geplanten 
oder erfolgenden und den in dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin bereits erfolgten weiteren 
Ausschüttungen 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) 
definiert) 
auf 
andere 
Kernkapitalinstrumente 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) definiert) und  
 
(2) any additional Distributions (as 
defined in § 3(9)) that are scheduled 
to be made or have been made on 
the same day or that have been 
made by the Issuer on other Tier 1 
Instruments (as defined in § 3(9)) in 
the then current financial year of the 
Issuer and 
(3) dem 
Gesamtbetrag 
etwaiger 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
andere 
AT1 Instrumente, 
die 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden sollen oder in 
dem laufenden Geschäftsjahr der 
Emittentin durchgeführt wurden 
 
(3) the total amount of write-ups, if any, 
on any other AT1 Instruments which 
shall be effected as of the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or have been 
effected in the then current financial 
year of the Issuer 
 
die Ausschüttungsfähigen Posten (wie 
in § 3(9) definiert) übersteigen würde, 
wobei 
die 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten für diesen Zweck um einen 
Betrag erhöht werden, der bereits als 
Aufwand für Ausschüttungen in Bezug 
auf 
Kernkapitalinstrumente 
(zur 
Klarstellung: 
einschließlich 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen) 
in 
die 
Ermittlung des Gewinns, der den 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
zugrunde liegt, eingegangen ist; oder 
 
 
would 
exceed 
the 
Available 
Distributable Items (as defined in 
§ 3(9)), provided that, for such purpose, 
the Available Distributable Items shall 
be increased by an amount equal to 
what has been accounted for as 
expenses for Distributions in respect of 
Tier 1 Instruments (for the avoidance of 
doubt, including payments of interest on 
the Notes) in the determination of the 
profit 
on 
which 
the 
Available 
Distributable Items are based; or 
(ii)  
wenn und soweit eine zuständige 
Behörde 
anordnet, 
dass 
diese 
Zinszahlung insgesamt oder teilweise 
entfällt, oder ein anderes gesetzliches 
oder 
behördliches 
Ausschüttungsverbot oder irgendeine 
andere 
Beschränkung 
von 
Ausschüttungen 
unter 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften besteht (einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, 
der 
Berechnung und der Einhaltung des 
Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrags sowie anderer, nach den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften für Ausschüttungen zu 
beachtender Höchstbeträge); oder 
 
(ii) 
if and to the extent that a competent 
authority orders that all or part of the 
relevant 
payment 
of 
interest 
be 
cancelled or another prohibition of 
Distributions is imposed by law or an 
authority or any other restriction to 
make Distributions exists under the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations 
(including, but not limited to, the 
calculation of, and the compliance with, 
the Maximum Distributable Amount as 
well as other maximum amounts that 
may 
apply 
to 
distributions 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations); or 
(iii) 
wenn die Emittentin am betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag überschuldet im Sinne 
von § 19 InsO oder zahlungsunfähig im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO ist oder soweit 
diese 
Zinszahlung 
zu 
einer 
Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin 
führen würde. 
 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is over-indebted within the 
meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquid within 
the meaning of § 17 InsO on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or to the 
extent that the relevant payment of 
interest would result in an over-
indebtedness or illiquidity of the Issuer. 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
teilt 
den 
Gläubigern 
unverzüglich, 
spätestens 
jedoch 
am 
betreffenden Zinszahlungstag gemäß § 11 
mit, wenn und in welcher Höhe eine 
  
The Issuer shall give notice to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 without undue delay but 
no later than on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date if, and to the extent, a payment of interest

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Zinszahlung nach § 3(8)(b) ausgeschlossen 
ist 
und 
entfällt. 
Ein 
Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung der Gläubiger berührt nicht 
die 
Wirksamkeit 
des 
Ausfalls 
der 
Zinszahlungen und stellt in keinem Fall eine 
Pflichtverletzung 
dar. 
Eine 
bis 
zum 
betreffenden Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Benachrichtigung 
ist 
unverzüglich 
nachzuholen. 
is excluded and cancelled pursuant to 
§ 3(8)(b). Any failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the cancellation and 
shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
A notice which has not been given until the 
relevant Interest Payment Date shall be given 
without undue delay thereafter. 
(c)  
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die Mittel aus 
entfallenen Zinszahlungen uneingeschränkt 
zur Erfüllung ihrer eigenen Verpflichtungen 
bei deren Fälligkeit zu nutzen. Soweit 
Zinszahlungen 
entfallen, 
schließt 
dies 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen 
Beträge (wie in § 7(1) definiert) ein. Entfallene 
Zinszahlungen werden nicht nachgezahlt. 
 (c) 
The Issuer is entitled to use the funds from 
cancelled 
payments 
of 
interest 
without 
restrictions for the fulfilment of its own 
obligations when due. To the extent that 
payments of interest are cancelled, such 
cancellation includes all Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7(1)) payable pursuant to § 7. 
Any payments of interest which have been 
cancelled will not be made at any later date. 
(d) 
Das Entfallen von Zinszahlungen stellt in 
keinem Fall eine Pflichtverletzung dar. 
 (d) 
The cancellation of interest payment shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. 
(9)  
Bestimmte Definitionen. 
 (9) 
Certain Definitions. 
"Abwicklungsbehörde" 
bezeichnet 
die 
zuständige 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
gemäß 
Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 130 CRR. 
 
"Resolution 
Authority" 
means 
the 
competent resolution authority pursuant to 
Article 4(1) no. 130 CRR. 
"Anwendbare 
Aufsichtsrechtliche 
Vor-
schriften" bezeichnet die jeweils gültigen, 
sich 
auf 
die 
Kapitalanforderungen, 
die 
Solvabilität, andere Aufsichtsanforderungen 
und/oder Abwicklung der Emittentin und/oder 
der 
Institutsgruppe 
der 
Emittentin, 
beziehenden 
Vorschriften 
des 
Bankaufsichtsrechts 
und 
der 
darunter 
fallenden 
Verordnungen 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch nicht ausschließlich, der jeweils 
geltenden Leitlinien und Empfehlungen der 
Europäischen 
Bankaufsichtsbehörde, 
der 
Zuständigen 
Behörde 
und/oder 
der 
Abwicklungsbehörde, 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank, der Verwaltungspraxis einer 
solchen oder einer sonstigen zuständigen 
Behörde, den einschlägigen Entscheidungen 
der 
Gerichte 
und 
den 
anwendbaren 
Übergangsbestimmungen). 
 
"Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations" 
means the provisions of bank supervisory 
laws and any regulations and other rules 
thereunder applicable from time to time 
(including, but not limited to, the guidelines 
and recommendations of the European 
Banking Authority and/or the European 
Central Bank, the Competent Authority and/or 
the Resolution Authority, the administrative 
practice of such or any other competent 
authority, any applicable decision of a court 
and any applicable transitional provisions) 
relating to capital adequacy, solvency, other 
prudential requirements and/or resolution and 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Issuer's 
Regulatory Group from time to time.  
"Ausschüttung" bezeichnet jede Art der 
Auszahlung von Dividenden oder Zinsen. 
 
"Distribution" means any kind of payment of 
dividends or interest. 
"Ausschüttungsfähige Posten" bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinszahlung 
die 
ausschüttungsfähigen Posten wie in Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nr. 128 CRR definiert; zum Zeitpunkt 
der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet dieser Begriff den Gewinn am 
Ende des dem betreffenden Zinszahlungstag 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftsjahres 
der 
Emittentin, 
für 
das 
ein 
testierter 
Jahresabschluss vorliegt, zuzüglich etwaiger 
vorgetragener Gewinne und für diesen Zweck 
verfügbarer Rücklagen, vor der Ausschüttung 
an die Eigner von Eigenmittelinstrumenten, 
jedoch abzüglich vorgetragener Verluste und 
 
"Available Distributable Items" means, with 
respect to any payment of interest, the 
distributable items as defined in Article 4(1) 
no. 128 CRR; at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes, such term refers to the profit as of 
the end of the financial year of the Issuer 
immediately preceding the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, for which audited annual 
financial statements are available, plus any 
profits brought forward and reserves available 
for that purpose before distributions to holders 
of own funds instruments less any losses 
brought forward and any profits which are 
non-distributable pursuant to the applicable

--- Page 79 ---
79 
gemäß anwendbarer Rechtsvorschriften der 
Europäischen Union oder Deutschlands oder 
der 
Satzung 
der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ausschüttungsfähiger Gewinne und in die 
gemäß 
anwendbarer 
Rechtsvorschriften 
Deutschlands oder der Satzung der Emittentin 
nicht 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Rücklagen 
eingestellter Beträge, jeweils in Bezug auf die 
spezifische 
Eigenmittelkategorie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen als AT1 Instrumente, 
auf 
die 
sich 
die 
anwendbaren 
Rechtsvorschriften der Europäischen Union 
oder Deutschlands oder die Satzung der 
Emittentin 
beziehen, 
wobei 
die 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
und 
die 
betreffenden 
Gewinne, 
Verluste 
und 
Rücklagen 
ausgehend 
von 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss 
der 
Emittentin und nicht auf der Basis des 
Konzernabschlusses festgestellt werden. 
laws of the European Union or Germany or the 
Articles of Association of the Issuer and any 
sums placed to non-distributable reserves in 
accordance with the applicable laws of 
Germany or the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer, in each case with respect to the 
specific category of own funds of the Notes as 
AT1 Instruments to which the applicable laws 
of the European Union or Germany or the 
Articles of Associations of the Issuer relate, 
provided that the distributable items and the 
relevant profits, losses and reserves shall be 
determined on the basis of the unconsolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with German commercial law and 
not on the basis of its consolidated financial 
statements. 
Die Ausschüttungsfähigen Posten sind jeweils 
nach 
den 
dann 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
zu 
bestimmen; entsprechend sind nur solche 
Beträge hinzuzurechnen oder abzuziehen, 
wie 
sie 
nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften für diesen 
Zweck oder für die Ermittlung der auf 
AT1 Instrumente 
ausschüttbaren 
Beträge 
hinzugerechnet 
werden 
dürfen 
bzw. 
abzuziehen sind. 
 
The 
determination 
of 
the 
Available 
Distributable Items shall be based on the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the 
time of the determination and, accordingly, 
only those amounts shall be added or 
deducted that may be added or have to be 
deducted (as the case may be) for purposes 
of determining the amounts distributable on 
AT1 
Instruments 
under 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations. 
 
"CRD" bezeichnet die Richtlinie 2013/36/EU 
in der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der CRD 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich 
der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRD in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
  
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU as 
amended or replaced from time to time; to the 
extent that any provisions of the CRD are 
amended or replaced, the reference to 
provisions of the CRD as used in these Terms 
and Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from time 
to time. 
"Institutsgruppe der Emittentin" bezeichnet 
jeweils 
jede 
Bankengruppe 
mit 
einem 
Mutterinstitut und/oder jede Bankengruppe 
mit einer Mutterfinanzholdinggesellschaft, (i) 
der die Emittentin angehört und (ii) für die die 
Eigenmittelanforderungen auf konsolidierter 
Basis 
aufgrund 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Konsolidierung gemäß den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften gelten. 
 
"Issuer's Regulatory Group" means, from 
time to time, any banking group with a parent 
institution and/or any banking group with a 
parent financial holding company: (i) to which 
the Issuer belongs; and (ii) to which the own 
funds requirements on a consolidated basis 
due to prudential consolidation in accordance 
with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
apply. 
"Kernkapitalinstrumente" 
bezeichnet 
Kapitalinstrumente, die im Sinne der CRR zu 
den Instrumenten des harten Kernkapitals 
oder zu den AT1 Instrumenten zählen. 
 
"Tier 
1 
Instruments" 
means 
capital 
instruments which, according to the CRR, 
qualify as common equity tier 1 capital or AT1 
Instruments. 
"Maximal Ausschüttungsfähiger Betrag" 
bezeichnet den nach § 10 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Nr. 5 
e) KWG i.V.m. § 37 SolvV ermittelten maximal 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrag 
für 
die 
kombinierte Kapitalpufferanforderung nach 
§ 10i KWG. 
  
"Maximum Distributable Amount" means 
the 
maximum 
distributable 
amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 10(1) 
sentence 1 no. 5 (e) KWG in connection with 
§ 37 SolvV for the combined capital buffer 
requirement in accordance with § 10i KWG.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
"SolvV" bezeichnet die Verordnung zur 
angemessenen Eigenmittelausstattung von 
Instituten, Institutsgruppen, Finanzholding-
Gruppen und gemischten Finanzholding-
Gruppen (Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), in 
der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der SolvV 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich 
der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der SolvV in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
 
"SolvV" means the regulation on the capital 
adequacy of institutions, groups of institutions, 
financial holding groups and mixed financial 
holding groups (Solvabilitätsverordnung – 
SolvV), as amended or replaced from time to 
time; to the extent that any provisions of the 
SolvV are amended or replaced, the reference 
to provisions of the SolvV as used in these 
Terms and Conditions shall refer to such 
amended provisions or successor provisions 
from time to time. 
"SSM-Verordnung" bezeichnet Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 1024/2013 in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert oder ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen 
der SSM-Verordnung geändert oder ersetzt 
werden, bezieht sich der Verweis auf 
Bestimmungen 
der 
SSM-Verordnung 
in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
 
"SSM Regulation" means the Regulation 
(EU) No 1024/2013, as amended or replaced 
from time to time, and any references to 
relevant provisions of the SSM Regulation in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
include 
references to any applicable provisions of law 
amending or replacing such provisions from 
time to time. 
"Zuständige 
Behörde" 
bezeichnet 
die 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde gemäß Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nr. 40 CRR und/oder Artikel 9 
Absatz 1 
SSM-Verordnung, 
die 
für 
die 
Beaufsichtigung 
des 
Emittenten 
auf 
individueller und/oder konsolidierter Basis 
zuständig ist. 
 
"Competent 
Authority" 
means 
the 
competent supervisory authority pursuant to 
Article 4(1) no. 40 CRR and/or Article 9(1) 
SSM Regulation, as applicable to the Issuer, 
which is responsible to supervise the Issuer 
on an individual basis and/or consolidated 
basis. 
§ 4 
Zahlungen 
 
§ 4 
Payments 
(1)  
Allgemeines. 
 (1) 
General. 
(a)  
Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital 
in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten.  
 (a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in 
accordance with § 4(2) to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
(b)  
Zahlungen von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4(2) an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 (b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made in accordance with § 4(2) 
below to the Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System outside the 
United States. 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4(2) an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note shall be made in 
accordance with § 4(2) below to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in 
§ 1(3)(b). 
(2)  
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
 (2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Währung. 
Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
(3)  
Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des § 1(3) 
und des § 4(1) bezeichnet "Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des 
District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 (3) 
United States. For purposes of § 1(3) and 
§ 4(1), "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4)  
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
 (4) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
(5)  
Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zins in Bezug auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag ist, dann haben die 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächsten Geschäftstag und sind nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verschiebung zu 
verlangen. 
 (5) 
Payment Day. If the date for payment of any 
principal or interest in respect of any Note is 
not a Business Day then the Holders shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem 
Zahlungen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung abwickelt und sowie 
alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolgesystem (T2) offen sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
"Business Day" means any day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System settles payments in the 
Specified Currency as well as all relevant 
parts of the real-time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor system (T2) are open to effect 
payments. 
(6) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Aktuellen Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie sonstige auf 
oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7(1) definiert) 
ein. 
 (6) 
References 
to 
Principal 
and 
Interest. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, the 
following amounts: the Current Nominal 
Amount of the Notes and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of 
the Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable 
under § 7 (as defined in § 7(1)). 
(7)  
Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge 
zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
sich 
nicht 
in 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
jeweiligen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die 
Emittentin. 
 (7) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court in Frankfurt 
am Main amounts of interest or principal not 
claimed by the Holders within twelve months 
after the due date, even though such Holders 
may not be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that such deposit 
is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders 
against the Issuer shall cease.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
§ 5 
Rückzahlung; Herabschreibungen; 
Hochschreibungen 
 
§ 5 
Redemption; Write-downs; Write-ups 
(1)  
Keine 
Endfälligkeit. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
haben 
keinen 
Endfälligkeitstag. 
 (1) 
No Scheduled Maturity. The Notes have no 
scheduled maturity date. 
(2)  
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. Die 
Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
vorbehaltlich der vorherigen Zustimmung der 
Zuständigen Behörde und gemäß § 5(6), zu 
jedem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) kündigen und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) definiert) 
zuzüglich (vorbehaltlich eines Ausschlusses 
der Zinszahlung nach § 3(8)) bis zu dem 
betreffenden Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen.  
 (2) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. The 
Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, at any time, subject to the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority and in 
accordance with § 5(6), with effect as of any 
Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) 
at their Redemption Amount (as defined in 
§ 5(7)) together with interest (if any, and 
subject to a cancellation of the interest 
payment pursuant to § 3(8)) accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. 
"Optionaler Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet  
 
"Optional Redemption Date" means  
[(i) 
jeden 
Geschäftstag 
während 
des 
Zeitraums ab dem [Tag einfügen, der 
frühestens 5 Jahre nach dem Tag der 
Begebung liegt] (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich);] 
[(i) 
each Business Day during the period 
from (and including) [insert date 
falling no earlier than 5 years after 
the issue date] to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date;]  
[(ii)][(i)] den Ersten Zinsanpassungstag; und 
[(ii)][(i)] the First Reset Date; and 
[(iii)][(ii)] jeden 
auf 
den 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag folgenden [Zins-
zahlungstag][Zinsanpassungstag]. 
[(iii)][(ii)] each [Interest Payment Date][Reset 
Date] following the First Reset Date. 
(3)  
Rückzahlung aus regulatorischen Gründen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, mit der vorherigen 
Zustimmung der Zuständigen Behörde und 
gemäß § 5(6) kündigen und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich (vorbehaltlich 
eines Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) bis zu dem für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag (der ein Geschäftstag sein 
muss) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzahlen, falls sich die aufsichtsrechtliche 
Einstufung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert, was wahrscheinlich zu (i) ihrem 
vollständigen oder teilweisen Ausschluss von 
den Eigenmitteln der Emittentin im Sinne der 
CRR oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel 
geringerer 
Qualität 
als 
am 
Begebungstag führen würde, vorausgesetzt, 
dass bei einer Rückzahlung vor dem fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen die Bedingungen in 
Artikel 78 Absatz 4(a) CRR erfüllt sind, nach 
denen die Zuständige Behörde eine solche 
Rückzahlung nur gestatten kann, wenn (i) sie 
es für ausreichend sicher hält, dass eine 
Änderung der aufsichtsrechtlichen Einstufung 
stattfindet 
und 
(ii) die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend nachgewiesen hat, dass die 
 (3) 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. The 
Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, with the prior permission 
of the Competent Authority and in accordance 
with § 5(6), at their Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any, subject to a 
cancellation of interest payment pursuant to 
§ 3(8)) accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption (which must be a 
Business Day), if there is a change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes that 
would be likely to result in (i) their exclusion in 
full or in part from the Issuer's own funds 
under the CRR or (ii) a reclassification as a 
lower quality form of the Issuer's own funds as 
of the issue date, provided that in respect of a 
redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
issue date of the Notes the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(a) CRR are met, pursuant to 
which the Competent Authority may approve 
such redemption only if (i) it considers the 
change in the regulatory classification to be 
sufficiently 
certain 
and 
(ii) the 
Issuer 
demonstrated to its satisfaction that the 
regulatory reclassification of the Notes was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the issue date.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
aufsichtsrechtliche 
Neueinstufung 
am 
Begebungstag nicht vorherzusehen war.  
 
Zur Klarstellung: Der 
vollständige 
oder 
teilweise Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
infolge einer Herabschreibung nach § 5(9)(b) 
begründet kein Kündigungsrecht nach § 5(3). 
  
For the avoidance of doubt: The exclusion in 
full or in part from the own funds due to a write-
down pursuant to § 5(9)(b) does not constitute 
a right to redeem under § 5(3). 
(4)  
Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die 
Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen 
jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
der vorherigen Zustimmung der Zuständigen 
Behörde und gemäß § 5(6) kündigen und zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
(vorbehaltlich 
eines 
Ausschlusses 
der 
Zinszahlung nach § 3(8)) bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (der ein 
Geschäftstag sein muss) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen, falls sich 
die 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Folge einer nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
eingetretenen 
Rechts- 
oder 
Rechtsprechungsänderung, 
einschließlich (jedoch nicht ausschließlich) 
einer 
Änderung 
von 
steuerrechtlichen 
Gesetzen, 
Regelungen 
oder 
Verfahrensweisen, 
ändert 
(insbesondere, 
jedoch nicht ausschließlich, im Hinblick auf die 
steuerliche Abzugsfähigkeit der unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsen 
oder die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7(1) definiert)) 
und, bei einer Rückzahlung vor dem fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, die Bedingungen in 
Artikel 78 Absatz 4(b) CRR erfüllt sind, nach 
denen die Zuständige Behörde eine solche 
Rückzahlung nur gestatten kann, wenn sich 
die geltende steuerliche Behandlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert 
und 
die 
Emittentin ihr hinreichend nachgewiesen hat, 
dass 
die 
Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
wesentlich 
ist 
und 
am 
Begebungstag nicht vorherzusehen war.  
 (4) 
Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. The 
Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, with the prior permission 
of the Competent Authority and in accordance 
with § 5(6), at their Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any, and subject to a 
cancellation of the interest payment pursuant 
to § 3(8)) accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption (which must be a 
Business Day), if the tax treatment of the 
Notes, due to a change in applicable 
legislation or relevant jurisprudence, including 
(but not limited to) a change in any fiscal 
legislation, rules or practices, which takes 
effect after the Interest Commencement Date, 
changes (including but not limited to the tax 
deductibility of interest payable on the Notes 
or the obligation to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7(1))) and, in respect of a 
redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
issue date of the Notes, the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(b) CRR are met, pursuant to 
which the Competent Authority may approve 
such redemption only if there is a change in 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes 
which 
the 
Issuer 
demonstrated 
to 
its 
satisfaction 
is 
material 
and 
was 
not 
reasonably foreseeable at the issue date.  
 
Eine Änderung der steuerlichen Behandlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen, die zu einem 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern auf die auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge 
führt, 
die 
jedoch 
zu 
keiner 
Verpflichtung der Emittentin zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7(1) definiert) 
führt, begründet kein Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
diesem § 5(4). 
  
Any changes in the tax treatment of the Notes 
resulting in a withholding or deduction of taxes 
on amounts payable in respect of the Notes 
which, however, do not create an obligation of 
the Issuer to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7(1)), will not constitute a reason 
to call the Notes for redemption pursuant to 
this § 5(4). 
(5)  
Rückzahlung bei geringem ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
in 
der 
Kündigung genannten Tag ingesamt, jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
mit 
der 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung der Zuständigen Behörde und 
gemäß § 5(6) kündigen und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich (vorbehaltlich 
 (5) 
Redemption 
for 
Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount. The Issuer may, 
on the date of redemption specified in the 
redemption notice, with the prior permission of 
the Competent Authority and in accordance 
with § 5(6), redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes at their Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any, and subject to a 
cancellation of the interest payment pursuant

--- Page 84 ---
84 
eines Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) 
bis 
zum 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen, wenn zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt [75][●]% oder mehr 
des Gesamtnennbetrags der ursprünglich 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ein-
schließlich aller gemäß § 10(1) zusätzlich 
begebenen Schuldverschreibungen) von der 
Emittentin 
zurückgekauft 
und 
entwertet 
wurden. 
to § 3(8)) accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption if at any time [75][●] per 
cent or more of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes originally issued 
(including any Notes additionally issued in 
accordance 
with 
§ 10(1)) 
have 
been 
repurchased by the Issuer and cancelled.  
(6) 
Einholung der Zustimmung der Behörde, 
Kündigungserklärung, 
Rückzahlung/Rückkauf und Rückzahlungs- 
und Rückkaufbedingungen. 
 (6) 
Obtaining 
of 
Permission 
of 
Competent 
Authority, 
Redemption 
Notice, 
Redemption/Repurchase and Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase. 
(a) 
Im Falle einer Kündigung nach § 5(2), § 5(3), 
§ 5(4) und § 5(5) oder eines Rückkaufs nach 
§ 10(2) ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, die 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
der 
Zuständigen 
Behörde gemäß Artikel 78 CRR einzuholen. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
setzt 
eine 
Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 78 CRR voraus, 
dass eine der folgenden Bedingungen erfüllt 
ist:  
 (a) 
In the event of a redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to § 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) or § 5(5) or 
any repurchase of the Notes pursuant to 
§ 10(2) the Issuer is required to obtain prior 
permission of the Competent Authority in 
accordance with Article 78 CRR. At the time of 
the issuance of the Notes, permission 
pursuant to Article 78 CRR requires that either 
of the following conditions is met: 
(i)  
die 
Emittentin 
ersetzt 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
oder 
gleichzeitig mit der Rückzahlung oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest 
gleicher Qualität zu Bedingungen, die 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten der Emittentin 
nachhaltig sind; oder 
 
(i)  
before or at the same time as the 
redemption or the repurchase, the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with own fund 
instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii)  
die Emittentin hat der Zuständigen 
Behörde hinreichend nachgewiesen, 
dass 
ihre 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nach 
der 
Rückzahlung oder dem Rückkauf die 
Anforderungen nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften um 
eine Spanne übersteigen, die die 
Zuständige Behörde für erforderlich 
hält; 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the own funds and eligible liabilities 
of the Issuer would, following such 
redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements 
laid 
down 
in 
the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations by 
a margin that the Competent Authority 
considers necessary; 
wobei die Zuständige Behörde der Emittentin 
für eine Rückzahlung oder einen Rückkauf 
eine allgemeine vorherige Zustimmung für 
einen bestimmten Zeitraum, der auf ein Jahr 
begrenzt ist und danach verlängert werden 
kann, und einen vorab von der Zuständigen 
Behörde festgelegten Betrag erteilen kann, 
die Kriterien unterliegt, die sicherstellen, dass 
jede derartige künftige Rückzahlung bzw. 
jeder derartige künftige Rückkauf im Einklang 
mit den oben unter (i) und (ii) festgelegten 
Bedingungen 
vonstattengeht, 
wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ausreichende 
Vorkehrungen 
hinsichtlich 
ihrer 
Fähigkeit 
trifft, 
mit 
 
provided that the Competent Authority may 
grant the Issuer a general prior permission to 
make a redemption or a repurchase for a 
specified period, which shall not exceed one 
year, after which it may be renewed, and for a 
certain predetermined amount as set by the 
Competent Authority, subject to criteria that 
ensure that any such future redemption or 
repurchase will be in accordance with the 
conditions set out in points (i) and (ii) above, if 
the Issuer provides sufficient safeguards as to 
its capacity to operate with own funds above 
the amounts required in the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Eigenmitteln, 
die 
in 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
vorgeschriebenen Beträge übersteigen, tätig 
zu sein. 
Zusätzlich gilt bei einer Rückzahlung bzw. 
einem Rückkauf vor dem fünften Jahrestag 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
Additionally, in the event of a redemption or, 
as the case may be, a repurchase prior to the 
fifth anniversary of the issue date of the Notes, 
the following applies: 
(i) 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
regulatorischen 
oder 
steuerlichen 
Gründen kündigt oder zurückkauft, 
müssen die in § 5(3) bzw. § 5(4) für die 
Rückzahlung 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
genannten 
Bedingungen erfüllt sein. 
 
(i) 
If the Issuer redeems or repurchases 
the Notes for regulatory reasons or 
reasons of taxation the conditions in 
§ 5(3) or, as the case may be, § 5(4) in 
respect of a redemption prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of the 
Notes must be met. 
(ii) 
Ein 
Rückkauf 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, der die unter 
(i) 
beschriebenen 
Vorgaben 
nicht 
erfüllt, ist nur zulässig, wenn 
 
(ii) 
A repurchase of Notes that does not 
meet the conditions set forth under (i) 
requires either that 
(A) 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor oder 
gleichzeitig mit dem Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest gleicher Qualität zu 
Bedingungen, die im Hinblick auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
nachhaltig 
sind, 
ersetzt 
und 
die 
Zuständige 
Behörde den Rückkauf auf der 
Grundlage 
der 
Feststellung 
erlaubt 
hat, 
dass 
sie 
aus 
aufsichtlicher Sicht vorteilhaft 
und 
durch 
außergewöhnliche 
Umstände gerechtfertigt ist, oder 
 
(A) 
before or at the same time of the 
repurchase the Issuer replaces 
the 
Notes 
with 
own 
funds 
instruments of equal or higher 
quality 
at 
terms 
that 
are 
sustainable 
for 
the 
income 
capacity of the Issuer and the 
Competent 
Authority 
has 
permitted the repurchase on the 
basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a 
prudential point of view and 
justified 
by 
exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(B) 
die Schuldverschreibungen für 
Market-Making-Zwecke 
inner-
halb der von der Zuständigen 
Behörde genehmigten Grenzen 
zurückgekauft werden. 
 
(B) 
the Notes are repurchased for 
market making purposes within 
the limits permitted by the 
Competent Authority. 
Ungeachtet 
der 
oben 
genannten 
Bedingungen, falls die zum Zeitpunkt der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
des 
Rückkaufs 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften eine Rückzahlung oder einen 
Rückkauf nur zulassen, wenn eine solche 
Rückzahlung oder ein solcher Rückkauf im 
Einklang mit zumindest einer alternativen oder 
weiteren Voraussetzung steht, dann muss die 
Emittentin jeder dieser etwaigen anderen 
und/oder zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen (wie 
jeweils anwendbar) entsprechen. 
 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at 
the time of any redemption or repurchase, the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations permit the 
redemption 
or 
repurchase 
only 
after 
compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out 
above, the Issuer shall comply with such other 
and/or, 
as 
applicable, 
additional 
pre-
conditions, if any. 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Nichterteilung der 
Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 78 CRR durch die 
Zuständige Behörde stellt in keinem Fall eine 
Pflichtverletzung dar. 
  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the 
Competent Authority to grant permission in 
accordance with Article 78 CRR shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(b) 
Eine Kündigung nach § 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) 
und § 5(5) hat gemäß § 11 unter Einhaltung 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 
zehn Geschäftstagen zu erfolgen. Sie ist 
vorbehaltlich § 5(6)(c) und (d) unwiderruflich, 
muss den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Termin, 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(vorbehaltlich einer Herabschreibung nach 
§ 5(9)(b)) und im Falle einer Kündigung nach 
§ 5(3), (4) oder (5) den Grund für die 
Kündigung nennen. 
 (b) 
Any notice of redemption in accordance with 
§ 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) or § 5(5) shall be given in 
accordance with § 11 observing a notice 
period of not less than ten Business Days. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable (subject to 
§ 5(6)(c) and (d)) and shall state the date fixed 
for redemption, the Redemption Amount 
(subject to a write-down pursuant to § 5(9)(b)), 
and, in case of a notice of redemption 
pursuant to § 5(3), (4) or (5), the reason for the 
redemption. 
(c) 
Die Emittentin darf die Kündigung nicht 
erklären, wenn ein Auslöseereignis (wie in 
§ 5(9)(a) definiert) eingetreten ist und dieses 
noch fortdauert. Wenn ein Auslöseereignis 
nach der Erklärung einer Kündigung, jedoch 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Rückzahlungstag 
eintritt, 
wird 
die 
Kündigungserklärung 
automatisch als zurückgenommen sowie 
nichtig behandelt und darf die betreffende 
Rückzahlung nicht erfolgen (wie in § 5(6)(d) 
geregelt); in einem solchen Fall gelten die 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen unverändert fort. 
 (c) 
The Issuer shall not give a notice of 
redemption if a Trigger Event (as defined in 
§ 5(9)(a)) has occurred and this is continuing. 
If a Trigger Event occurs after a notice of 
redemption was given but prior to the relevant 
date of redemption, the relevant notice of 
redemption shall automatically be deemed 
revoked and null and void, the corresponding 
redemption shall not be made, as set forth in 
§ 5(6)(d), and the rights and obligations in 
respect of the Notes shall remain unchanged. 
(d) 
Die 
Emittentin 
darf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in jedem Fall nur 
zurückzahlen bzw. zurückkaufen, sofern (i) 
kein Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist und, falls 
ein Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist, dieses 
nicht fortdauert, (ii) die Emittentin am 
Rückzahlungstag weder überschuldet im 
Sinne von § 19 InsO noch zahlungsunfähig im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO ist, und (iii) die Zahlung 
des Rückzahlungsbetrages nicht zu einer 
Überschuldung oder Zahlungsunfähigkeit der 
Emittentin führt; § 41 InsO bleibt unberührt. 
 (d) 
In any event, the Issuer may only redeem or 
repurchase (as applicable) the Notes if (i) no 
Trigger Event has occurred and, if a Trigger 
Event has occurred, this is not continuing, (ii) 
the Issuer is neither over-indebted within the 
meaning of § 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date of 
redemption and (iii) the payment of the 
Redemption Amount does not result in an 
over-indebtedness or illiquidity of the Issuer; 
§ 41 InsO remains unaffected. 
(7)  
Kündigung nach erfolgter Hochschreibung; 
Rückzahlungsbetrag. Die Emittentin kann ihre 
Kündigungsrechte nach § 5(2) und § 5(5) nur 
ausüben, wenn etwaige Herabschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
wieder 
gemäß 
§ 5(9)(c) 
vollständig aufgeholt worden sind. 
 (7) 
Redemption after Write-Up; Redemption 
Amount. 
The 
Issuer 
may 
exercise 
its 
redemption rights pursuant to § 5(2) and 
§ 5(5) only if any write-downs pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(b) have been fully written up in 
accordance with § 5(9)(c). 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" einer Schuld-
verschreibung 
entspricht 
ihrem 
dann 
Aktuellen Nennbetrag, soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
entwertet. 
 
"Redemption Amount" of each Note, unless 
previously redeemed or repurchased and 
cancelled, shall be the then Current Nominal 
Amount of such Note. 
(8) 
Kein Kündigungsrecht der Gläubiger. Die 
Gläubiger 
sind 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht berechtigt.  
 (8) 
No Call Right of the Holders. The Holders shall 
have no right to call the Notes for redemption. 
(9) 
Herabschreibung und Hochschreibung. 
 (9) 
Write-down and write-up. 
(a) 
Auslöseereignis. 
Bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag jeder Schuldverschreibung um 
den Betrag der betreffenden Herabschreibung 
zu reduzieren. 
 (a) 
Trigger Event. Upon the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event, the Current Nominal Amount of 
each Note shall be reduced by the amount of 
the relevant write-down. 
Ein "Auslöseereignis" tritt ein, wenn zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
die in Artikel 92 
 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if, at any time, the 
common equity tier 1 capital ratio pursuant to

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Absatz 1 Buchstabe a CRR genannte harte 
Kernkapitalquote der Emittentin (die "Harte 
Kernkapitalquote") 
(i) auf 
konsolidierter 
Basis oder (ii) auf Einzelinstitutsbasis unter 
[●]%
1  (die "Mindest-CET1-Quote") fällt, 
wobei 
(i) ein 
Auslöseereignis 
wegen 
Unterschreitens der Mindest-CET1-Quote auf 
konsolidierter Basis jederzeit eintreten kann, 
(ii) jedoch 
ein 
Auslöseereignis 
wegen 
Unterschreitens der Mindest-CET1-Quote auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis nur eintreten kann, wenn 
die Emittentin künftig nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
oder 
aufgrund behördlicher Anordnung verpflichtet 
sein sollte, die Aufsichtsanforderungen auch 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis einzuhalten und zu 
diesem Zweck die Harte Kernkapitalquote auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis zu ermitteln. Ob ein 
Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist, wird von der 
Emittentin, der Zuständigen Behörde oder 
einem für diesen Zweck von der Zuständigen 
Behörde 
Beauftragten 
festgestellt; 
diese 
Feststellung ist für die Gläubiger bindend.  
Article 92(1)(a) CRR of the Issuer (the 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio"), 
determined on either (i) a consolidated basis 
or (ii) an individual basis, falls below [●]1 per 
cent. (the "Minimum CET1 Ratio"), provided 
that (i) while the Trigger Event in respect of the 
Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on a 
consolidated basis may occur at any time, 
(ii) a Trigger Event in respect of the Minimum 
CET1 Ratio determined on an individual basis 
shall only occur if the Issuer should, in the 
future pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations or an administrative order, be 
required to comply with the prudential 
requirements on an individual basis as well 
and, for this purpose, to determine the 
Minimum CET1 Ratio on an individual basis. 
Whether a Trigger Event has occurred shall 
be determined by the Issuer, the Competent 
Authority or any agent appointed for such 
purpose by the Competent Authority, and 
such determination will be binding on the 
Holders. 
Zur Klarstellung: Ein Auslöseereignis kann zu 
jeder Zeit festgestellt werden und mehrfach 
eintreten. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Trigger Event 
may be determined at any time and may occur 
on more than one occasion. 
(b) 
Herabschreibung. 
Im 
Falle 
eines 
Auslöseereignisses ist eine Herabschreibung 
pro 
rata 
mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen 
AT1 
Instrumenten, 
die 
eine 
Herabschreibung 
(gleichviel ob permanent oder temporär) oder 
eine Wandlung in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals 
bei 
Eintritt 
dieses 
Auslöseereignisses vorsehen, vorzunehmen. 
Wenn im Falle eines Auslöseereignisses auch 
andere AT1 Instrumente herabzuschreiben 
oder in Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals 
zu wandeln sind, die nach ihren jeweiligen 
Bedingungen 
als 
Auslöseereignis 
das 
Unterschreiten einer Harten Kernkapitalquote 
vorsehen, die auf oder über der Mindest-
CET1-Quote 
liegt 
(zusammen 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen die "Relevanten AT1 
Instrumente"), richtet sich das Verhältnis 
bzw. die Reihenfolge, in welcher für die 
jeweils 
herabzuschreibenden 
oder 
in 
Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals zu 
wandelnden 
Instrumente 
eine 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
vorzunehmen ist, nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften. Wird dieses 
Verhältnis bzw. diese Reihenfolge nicht durch 
die 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften vorgegeben, so gilt Folgendes: 
(b) 
Write-down. Upon the occurrence of a Trigger 
Event, a write-down shall be effected pro rata 
with all of the Issuer's other AT1 Instruments 
which provide for a write-down (whether 
permanent or temporary) or a conversion into 
common equity tier 1 capital instruments upon 
the occurrence of such Trigger Event. If upon 
the occurrence of a Trigger Event other AT1 
Instruments are also subject to a write-down 
or are subject to conversion into common 
equity tier 1 capital instruments, where the 
respective conditions provide for a trigger 
event on a level for the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio at or above the Minimum CET1 
Ratio (together with the Notes the "Relevant 
AT1 Instruments"), any such write-down or 
conversion will occur in such order of 
application or ratio as required in accordance 
with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
If no such order or ratio is required by the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations, 
the 
following applies: 
(i) 
Eine Herabschreibung gemäß diesem 
§ 5(9)(b) 
erfolgt, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Regelung des nachstehenden Satzes, 
(i) 
Any 
write-down 
pursuant 
to 
this 
§ 5(9)(b) will, subject to the provision 
set out in the following sentence, be 
 
1  
Die Mindest-CET1-Quote muss mindestens 5,125% betragen. 
 
The Minimum CET1 Ratio shall at least be 5.125 per cent.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
pro 
rata 
mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen 
Relevanten AT1 Instrumenten.  
effected pro rata with all other Relevant 
AT1 Instruments. 
 
Dabei 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen und sämtliche 
andere 
Relevante 
AT1 Instrumente 
jeweils 
nur 
insoweit 
an 
einer 
Herabschreibung bzw. einer Wandlung 
in Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals 
beteiligt, 
wie 
dies 
insgesamt 
erforderlich 
ist, 
damit 
die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote (i) auf konsolidierter 
Basis und (ii) auf Einzelinstitutsbasis 
(jeweils nur wenn und solange die 
Emittentin nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften oder 
aufgrund 
behördlicher 
Anordnung 
verpflichtet 
ist, 
die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
insoweit 
zu 
bestimmen) diejenige Quote wieder 
erreicht, 
die 
in 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen als Quote für das die 
Herabschreibung 
und/oder 
die 
Wandlung in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals 
auslösende 
Ereignis 
festgelegt ist; wobei die Summe der 
Herabschreibungen und Wandlungen 
insgesamt auf den gesamten, im 
Zeitpunkt 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
Auslöseereignisses 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
AT1 
Instrumente beschränkt ist.  
 
The Notes and all other Relevant AT1 
Instruments will only participate in a 
write-down or (as the case may be) a 
conversion into common equity tier 1 
capital 
instruments 
to 
the 
extent 
required in aggregate to restore the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
determined on (i) a consolidated basis 
and (ii) an individual basis (in each case 
only if and as long as the Issuer is 
required pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations 
or 
an 
administrative order to determine the 
ratio on such level) to the ratio provided 
for in their respective terms as the ratio 
triggering the event resulting in such 
write-down 
and/or 
conversion 
into 
common 
equity 
tier 1 
capital 
instruments; provided that the total 
amount 
of 
the 
write-downs 
and 
conversions shall not exceed the sum 
of the outstanding principal amounts of 
the Relevant AT1 Instruments at the 
time of occurrence of the Trigger Event. 
(ii) 
Jedes 
andere 
Relevante 
AT1 
Instrument, das insgesamt jedoch nicht 
teilweise 
herabgeschrieben 
oder 
gewandelt werden kann, wird für den 
Zweck der Bestimmung der relevanten 
pro 
rata-Beträge 
für 
eine 
Herabschreibung und die Berechnung 
des Betrags der Herabschreibung so 
behandelt, als ob seine Bedingungen 
eine teilweise Herabschreibung oder 
Wandlung vorsehen würden. 
(ii) 
Any other Relevant AT1 Instrument that 
may be written down or converted in full 
but not in part will, for the purposes of 
determining the relevant pro rata 
amounts 
for 
a 
write-down 
and 
calculation of the written-down amount, 
be treated as if its terms permit a partial 
write-down or conversion. 
Die Vornahme von Herabschreibungen in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen hängt 
nicht von der Wirksamkeit oder Durchführung 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
anderer Instrumente ab und ist unabhängig 
davon gemäß diesem § 5(9)(b) vorzunehmen. 
Zur Klarstellung: Soweit die Herabschreibung 
oder die Wandlung in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals unter einem oder mehreren der 
anderen AT1 Instrumente der Emittentin aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht wirksam ist oder 
nicht 
durchgeführt 
wird, 
wird 
diese 
unwirksame 
oder 
nicht 
durchgeführte 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung bei der 
Bestimmung 
des 
Betrags 
der 
Herabschreibung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach diesem § 5(9)(b) nicht berücksichtigt. 
The performance of any write-downs in 
respect of the Notes is not dependent on the 
effectiveness or implementation of a write-
down or conversion of other instruments and 
will be effected in any event pursuant to this 
§ 5(9)(b). For the avoidance of doubt: to the 
extent that the write-down or the conversion 
into common equity tier 1 capital instruments 
of one or more of the other AT1 Instruments of 
the Issuer is not effective or is not 
implemented for any reason, such non-
effective or non-implemented write-down or 
conversion will not be taken into account when 
determining the written-down amount in 
respect of the Notes under this § 5(9)(b).

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Die 
Summe 
der 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmenden 
Herabschreibungen ist auf die Summe der 
Aktuellen Nennbeträge aller zum Zeitpunkt 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
jeweiligen 
Auslöseereignisses 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen beschränkt. 
 
The sum of the write-downs to be effected with 
respect to the Notes shall be limited to the 
aggregate Current Nominal Amount of all 
Notes outstanding at the time of occurrence of 
the relevant Trigger Event. 
 
Im 
Falle 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Auslöseereignisses wird die Emittentin: 
 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the 
Issuer shall: 
(1)  
unverzüglich die für sie Zuständige 
Behörde 
sowie 
gemäß 
§ 11 
die 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
dem 
Eintritt 
dieses 
Auslöseereignisses 
sowie 
des 
Umstandes, 
dass 
eine 
Herabschreibung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
unterrichten, und 
(1) 
inform the Competent Authority of the 
Issuer and, in accordance with § 11, the 
Holders of the Notes without undue 
delay about the occurrence of such 
Trigger Event and the fact that a write-
down will have to be effected, and 
(2)  
unverzüglich, 
spätestens 
jedoch 
innerhalb eines Monats (soweit die für 
sie Zuständige Behörde diese Frist 
nicht verkürzt) die bezogen auf die 
jeweilige 
Schuldverschreibung 
vorzunehmende Herabschreibung und 
den 
daraus 
resultierenden 
neuen 
Aktuellen Nennbetrag feststellen und (i) 
der Zuständigen Behörde, (ii) den 
Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 11, (iii) der Berechnungsstelle 
und der Zahlstelle sowie (iv) jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
mitteilen. 
(2) 
determine the write-down to be effected 
without undue delay, but not later than 
within 
one 
month 
(unless 
the 
Competent Authority of the Issuer 
shortens such period), and notify such 
write-down in relation to each Note 
together with the resultant new Current 
Nominal Amount (i) to the Competent 
Authority, (ii) to the Holders of the Notes 
in accordance with § 11, (iii) to the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent 
and (iv), if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed from time to time at the request of 
the Issuer, to such stock exchange. 
Die Herabschreibung ist vorgenommen (und 
der 
jeweilige 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist reduziert wie in der 
Mitteilung angegeben), wenn die Abgabe der 
Mitteilungen an die Gläubiger gemäß § 11 
erfolgt ist.  
 
The write-down shall be deemed effected at 
the time when the notice to the Holders is 
given in accordance with § 11 and the Current 
Nominal Amount of each Note shall be 
reduced at such time in the amount as 
specified in the notice. 
Ein Unterlassen der Mitteilungen nach (b)(2)(i) 
und/oder 
(b)(2)(ii) 
berührt 
nicht 
die 
Wirksamkeit einer Herabschreibung und diese 
gilt jedenfalls spätestens ein Monat (soweit 
die Zuständige Behörde diese Frist nicht 
verkürzt) nach Eintritt des betreffenden 
Auslöseereignisses in der Höhe des von der 
Emittentin 
festgestellten 
Betrags 
als 
vorgenommen. Eine nicht erfolgte Mitteilung 
ist unverzüglich nachzuholen.  
 
Any failure to give notices pursuant to (b)(2)(i) 
and/or (b)(2)(ii) will not affect the effectiveness 
of, or otherwise invalidate, any write-down and 
such write-down shall be deemed effected, on 
the basis of the written-down amount 
determined by the Issuer, in any event no later 
than one month (unless the Competent 
Authority of the Issuer shortens such period) 
after the occurrence of the relevant Trigger 
Event. A notice which has not been given shall 
be given without undue delay.  
(c)  
Hochschreibung. Nach der Vornahme einer 
Herabschreibung 
können 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag jeder Schuldverschreibung in 
jedem der Geschäftsjahre der Emittentin nach 
der Herabschreibung bis zur vollständigen 
Höhe 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
(soweit 
nicht zuvor zurückgezahlt oder 
 (c) 
Write-up. After a write-down has been 
effected, the Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note, 
unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, may be written up 
in accordance with the following provisions of 
§ 5(9)(c) in each of the financial years of the 
Issuer subsequent to the occurrence of such

--- Page 90 ---
90 
angekauft und entwertet) nach Maßgabe der 
folgenden 
Regelungen 
dieses 
§ 5(9)(c) 
wieder hochgeschrieben werden, soweit ein 
entsprechender Jahresüberschuss nach dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss 
der 
Emittentin (der "Jahresüberschuss") zur 
Verfügung steht und mithin hierdurch kein 
Jahresfehlbetrag entsteht oder erhöht würde. 
Die Hochschreibung erfolgt mit Wirkung ab 
dem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
das 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin folgt, für das der zuvor genannte 
Jahresüberschuss festgestellt wurde. 
write-down until the full Original Nominal 
Amount has been reached, to the extent that 
a 
corresponding 
annual 
profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) is recorded on the basis 
of the financial statements of the Issuer 
prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
German 
commercial law (the "Annual Profit") and the 
write-up will not give rise to or increase an 
annual loss (Jahresfehlbetrag). The write-up 
will occur with effect as of the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
(including) 
immediately 
following the financial year of the Issuer for 
which the abovementioned Annual Profit was 
determined. 
Die Hochschreibung erfolgt gleichrangig mit 
der 
Hochschreibung 
anderer 
AT1 
Instrumente. 
 
The write-up shall be effected pari passu with 
write-ups of other AT1 Instruments. 
Die Vornahme einer Hochschreibung steht 
vorbehaltlich der nachfolgenden Vorgaben (i) 
bis 
(v) 
im 
Ermessen 
der 
Emittentin. 
Insbesondere kann die Emittentin auch dann 
ganz oder teilweise von einer Hochschreibung 
absehen, 
wenn 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss zur Verfügung steht und 
die Vorgaben (i) bis (v) erfüllt wären. 
 
Subject to the conditions (i) to (v) below, it 
shall be at the discretion of the Issuer to effect 
a write-up. In particular, the Issuer may effect 
a write-up only in part or effect no write-up at 
all even if a corresponding Annual Profit is 
recorded and the conditions (i) to (v) are 
fulfilled. 
(i)  
Soweit 
der 
festgestellte 
bzw. 
festzustellende Jahresüberschuss für 
die Hochschreibung der Schuldver-
schreibungen und anderer, mit einem 
vergleichbaren Auslöseereignis (ggf. 
mit 
einer 
abweichenden 
harten 
Kernkapitalquote als Auslöser) ausge-
statteter 
AT1 Instrumente 
(einschließlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
"Herabgeschriebenen 
AT1 
Instrumente"; zur Klarstellung: dieser 
Begriff schließt solche Instrumente aus, 
die 
nur 
nach 
den 
Übergangsbestimmungen der CRR als 
Instrumente 
des 
zusätzlichen 
Kernkapitals qualifizieren) verwendet 
werden soll und nach Maßgabe von (ii) 
und (iii) zur Verfügung steht, erfolgt die 
Hochschreibung 
pro 
rata 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge der Herabgeschriebenen 
AT1 Instrumente. 
 
(i) 
To the extent that the Annual Profit 
determined or to be determined is to be 
used for a write-up of the Notes and of 
other AT1 Instruments, the terms of 
which provide for a similar Trigger 
Event (also if such terms provide for a 
different common equity tier 1 capital 
ratio as trigger) (together with the 
Notes, 
the 
"Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments"; for the avoidance of 
doubt: such term excludes instruments 
that 
qualify 
as 
additional 
tier 
1 
instrument 
solely 
pursuant 
to 
transitional provisions under the CRR), 
and is available in accordance with (ii) 
and (iii) below, such write-up shall be 
effected pro rata in proportion to the 
original nominal amounts of the Written 
Down AT1 Instruments. 
(ii)  
Der Höchstbetrag, der insgesamt für 
die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und anderer, 
Herabgeschriebener AT1 Instrumente 
sowie die Zahlung von Zinsen und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene AT1 Instrumente 
verwendet werden kann, errechnet sich 
nach 
den 
technischen 
Regulierungstandards und den im 
Übrigen im Zeitpunkt der Berechnung 
des 
Höchstbetrags 
für 
 
(ii) 
The maximum total amount that may be 
used for a write-up of the Notes and of 
other Written Down AT1 Instruments 
and for the payment of interest and 
other Distributions on Written Down 
AT1 Instruments shall be calculated in 
accordance 
with 
the 
regulatory 
technical standards and the other 
requirements applicable at the time of 
the calculation of the maximum total 
amount for write-ups. At the time of the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Hochschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen. Zum Zeitpunkt der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gilt 
für 
die 
Berechnung 
folgende 
Formel: 
issuance of the Notes, the calculation is 
based on the following formula: 
 
H = J ∙S
T1  
 
H = J × S
T1  
'H' 
bezeichnet 
den 
für 
die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 Instrumente 
und 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene AT1 Instrumente 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehenden 
Höchstbetrag; 
'H' means the maximum amount 
available for the write-up of the Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments 
and 
Distributions on Written Down AT1 
Instruments; 
'J' bezeichnet den festgestellten bzw. 
festzustellenden 
Jahresüberschuss 
des Vorjahres; 
'J' means the Annual Profit determined 
or to be determined for the previous 
year; 
'S' 
bezeichnet 
die 
Summe 
der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 Instrumente 
(d.h. 
vor 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen 
infolge 
eines 
Auslöseereignisses); 
'S' means the sum of the original 
nominal amounts of the Written Down 
AT1 Instruments (i.e. before write-
downs due to a Trigger Event have 
been effected); 
'T1' 
bezeichnet 
den 
Betrag 
des 
Kernkapitals der Emittentin unmittelbar 
vor Vornahme der Hochschreibung. 
'T1' means the amount of the tier 1 
capital of the Issuer immediately before 
the write-up is effected. 
Der Höchstbetrag 'H' ist von der 
Emittentin 
nach 
den 
technischen 
Regulierungstandards und den im 
Übrigen im Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung 
anwendbaren Anforderungen zu be-
stimmen und der so bestimmte Betrag 
der 
Hochschreibung 
zugrunde 
zu 
legen, ohne dass es einer Änderung 
dieses Absatzes (ii) bedürfte. 
The maximum amount 'H' shall be 
determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with the regulatory technical standards 
and the other requirements applicable 
at the time of determination, and the 
write-up shall be based on the amount 
so determined without requiring any 
amendment to this subparagraph (ii). 
(iii)  
Insgesamt darf die Summe der Beträge 
der 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene AT1 Instrumente 
zusammen mit etwaigen Dividenden 
und anderen Ausschüttungen in Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
und 
andere 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
(einschließlich auch der Zinszahlungen 
und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene AT1 Instrumente) 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
das 
betreffende 
Geschäftsjahr 
den 
Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrag 
oder 
einen anderen nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften für 
diesen 
Zweck 
zu 
beachtenden 
Höchstbetrag nicht überschreiten. 
 
(iii) 
In total, the sum of the amounts of the 
write-ups 
of 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments together with the amounts 
of any dividend payments and other 
Distributions on shares and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital 
instruments of the Issuer (including also 
payment 
of 
interests 
and 
other 
Distributions on Written Down AT1 
Instruments) for the relevant financial 
year must not exceed the Maximum 
Distributable Amount or any other 
maximum amount that may have to be 
observed for this purpose under the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
(iv)  
Hochschreibungen 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen gehen Dividenden und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in Bezug auf 
Geschäftsanteile, Aktien und andere 
 
(iv) 
Write-ups of the Notes do not have 
priority over dividend payments and 
other Distributions on shares and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals 
der Emittentin nicht vor, d.h. diese 
können 
auch 
dann 
vorgenommen 
werden, solange keine vollständige 
Hochschreibung erfolgt ist. 
instruments of the Issuer, i.e. such 
payments 
and 
Distributions 
are 
permitted even if no full write-up has 
been effected. 
(v)  
Zum Zeitpunkt einer Hochschreibung 
darf kein Auslöseereignis fortbestehen. 
Eine 
Hochschreibung 
ist 
zudem 
ausgeschlossen, soweit diese zu dem 
Eintritt eines Auslöseereignisses führen 
würde. 
 
(v) 
At the time of a write-up, there must not 
exist 
any 
Trigger 
Event 
that 
is 
continuing. A write-up is also excluded 
if such write-up would give rise to the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event. 
Wenn sich die Emittentin für die Vornahme 
einer 
Hochschreibung 
nach 
den 
Bestimmungen dieses § 5(9)(c) entscheidet, 
wird sie bis spätestens 10 Kalendertage vor 
dem betreffenden Zinszahlungstag gemäß 
§ 11 
die 
Gläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstelle sowie jede 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind 
und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, 
von 
der 
Vornahme 
der 
Hochschreibung 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(durch 
Mitteilung 
des 
Hochschreibungsbetrags als Prozentsatz des 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, des neuen Aktuellen 
Nennbetrags und des Tags, an dem die 
Hochschreibung bewirkt werden soll (jeweils 
ein "Hochschreibungstag")) unterrichten. 
Die Hochschreibung ist vorgenommen (und 
der 
jeweilige 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist mit Wirkung zum 
Hochschreibungstag 
erhöht 
wie 
in 
der 
Mitteilung angegeben), wenn die Abgabe der 
Mitteilung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 11 erfolgt 
ist. 
If the Issuer elects to effect a write-up in 
accordance with the provisions of this 
§ 5(9)(c), it shall notify the write-up as of the 
relevant Interest Payment Date (i.e., the 
amount of the write-up as a percentage of the 
Original Nominal Amount of the Notes, the 
new Current Nominal Amount and the 
effective date of the write-up (in each case a 
"Write-up Date")) no later than 10 calendar 
days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 11, to the Calculation 
Agent, to the Paying Agent and, if required by 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time to time at the 
request of the Issuer, to such stock exchange. 
The write-up shall be deemed to be effected 
at the time when the notice to the Holders is 
given in accordance with § 11 and the Current 
Nominal Amount of each Note shall be 
increased in the amount as specified in the 
notice with effect as of the Write-up Date. 
§ 6 
Die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle 
 
§ 6 
Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 
(1)  
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle, die anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
jeweilige 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
 (1)  
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial 
Paying Agent and the initial Calculation Agent 
and their respective initial specified offices 
are: 
Zahlstelle: 
 
Paying Agent: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Berechnungsstelle: 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[Falls Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
als anfängliche Berechnungsselle bestellt 
werden soll, einfügen: 
 
[In the case Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft shall be appointed as 
initial Calculation Agent, insert: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)

--- Page 93 ---
93 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland] 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
[Falls eine andere Berechnungsstelle als 
anfängliche Berechnungsstelle bestellt 
werden soll, einfügen: 
 
[In the case another Calculation Agent 
shall be appointed as initial Calculation 
Agent, insert: 
[Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
einer anderen Berechnungsstelle 
einfügen]] 
 
[insert name and specified office]] 
Die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in 
derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
The Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent 
reserve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified office to some other 
specified offices in the same city. 
(2)  
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit 
die 
Bestellung 
der 
Berechnungsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle oder zusätzliche oder 
andere 
Zahlstellen 
zu 
bestellen. 
Die 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine 
Zahlstelle 
und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird 
nur wirksam, sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 
Tagen 
informiert 
wurden 
(außer 
im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird). 
 (2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Calculation 
Agent or the Paying Agent and to appoint 
another Calculation Agent or additional or 
other Paying Agents. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Paying Agent and a 
Calculation Agent. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Holders in accordance with § 11 (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect). 
(3)  
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle und die Zahlstelle handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin 
und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern, und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 (3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Calculation Agent 
and the Paying Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not have any obligations 
towards, or relationship of agency or trust to, 
any of the Holders. 
§ 7 
Steuern 
 
§ 7 
Taxation 
(1) 
Quellensteuern und Zusätzliche Beträge. 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von 
oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung 
oder 
Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder 
erhoben 
werden, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
dieser 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. Im Fall des Einbehalts oder 
Abzugs in Bezug auf Zinszahlungen (nicht 
jedoch Zahlungen auf Kapital) wird die 
Emittentin (vorbehaltlich § 3(8)) diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die 
den 
Gläubigern 
zufließenden 
 (1) 
Withholding Taxes and Additional Amounts. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes 
shall 
be 
made 
without 
withholding 
or 
deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or 
deduction by or in or for the account of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. In the event of 
such withholding or deduction on payments of 
interest (but not in respect of the payment of 
any principal in respect of the Notes), the 
Issuer shall (subject to § 3(8)) pay such 
additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction, shall equal the 
respective amounts which would otherwise

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder 
Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
solcher 
zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im 
Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die:  
have been receivable by the Holders in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such Additional Amounts shall 
be payable on account of any taxes or duties 
which: 
(a)  
von einer als depotführende Stelle oder 
Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den 
von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting as 
custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any 
manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer 
from payments made by it; or 
(b)  
wegen 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen 
Beziehung 
des 
Gläubigers zu Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
Deutschland 
stammen 
(oder 
für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt 
werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder 
having, or having had, some personal 
or business connection with Germany 
and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, 
or for purposes of taxation are deemed 
to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, Germany; or 
(c) 
denen der Gläubiger nicht unterläge, 
wenn er seine Gläubigerstellung binnen 
30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit oder, falls die 
notwendigen Beträge der Zahlstelle bei 
Fälligkeit nicht zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden sind, binnen 30 Tagen nach 
dem Tag, an dem diese Mittel der 
Zahlstelle 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
worden sind und dies gemäß § 11 
bekannt gemacht wurde, der Zahlstelle 
hinreichend nachgewiesen hätte; oder 
 
(c) 
to which the Holder would not be 
subject 
if 
he 
had 
sufficiently 
demonstrated to the Paying Agent his 
status as a Holder within 30 days from 
the due date for payment, or, if the 
necessary funds were not provided to 
the Paying Agent when due, within 30 
days from the date on which such funds 
are provided to the Paying Agent and a 
notice to that effect has been published 
in accordance with § 11; or 
(d)  
von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen oder 
einbehalten werden, wenn die Zahlung 
von einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne den 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
hätte 
vorgenommen werden können; oder 
 
(d) 
are deducted or withheld by a Paying 
Agent from a payment if the payment 
could have been made by another 
Paying Agent without such deduction or 
withholding; or 
(e) 
nicht zu entrichten wären, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
einem 
Kreditinstitut 
verwahrt 
und 
die 
Zahlungen von diesem eingezogen 
worden wären, oder 
 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Notes had 
been kept in safe custody with, and the 
payments had been collected by, a 
banking institution; or 
(f)  
wegen einer Rechtsänderung oder 
einer 
Änderung 
in 
der 
Rechtsanwendung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 11 wirksam wird; oder 
 
(f) 
are payable by reason of a change in a 
law or administrative practice that 
becomes effective more than 30 days 
after the relevant payment becomes 
due, or is duly provided for and notice 
thereof is published in accordance with 
§ 11, whichever occurs later; or 
(g)  
durch die Erfüllung von gesetzlichen 
Anforderungen oder durch die Vorlage 
einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung oder 
durch die sonstige Geltendmachung 
 
(g) 
are avoidable or would have been 
avoidable through compliance with 
statutory requirements or through the 
submission of a declaration of non-

--- Page 95 ---
95 
eines 
Anspruchs 
auf 
Befreiung 
gegenüber 
der 
betreffenden 
Steuerbehörde vermeidbar sind oder 
gewesen wären; oder 
residence or by otherwise enforcing a 
claim for exemption at the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(h) 
wegen Festsetzung von Steuern auf 
den Erwerb von Todes wegen, den 
Erbanfall, 
die 
schenkweise 
Übertragung, 
den 
Umsatz, 
einen 
Übertragungsvorgang, das Vermögen 
oder einen vergleichbaren steuerbaren 
Vorgang oder wegen einer anderen von 
einer staatlichen Stelle wegen eines 
solchen 
Vorgangs 
festgesetzten 
Geldleistungspflicht zu zahlen sind; 
oder 
 
(h) 
by reason of any estate, inheritance, 
gift, sales, transfer, personal property or 
any similar tax assessment or other 
governmental charge; or 
(i)  
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, 
weil der wirtschaftliche Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
selbst 
rechtlicher Eigentümer (Gläubiger) der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist und der 
Abzug oder Einbehalt bei Zahlungen an 
den wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer nicht 
erfolgt 
wäre 
oder 
eine 
Zahlung 
zusätzlicher Beträge bei einer Zahlung 
an den wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
vorstehenden 
Regelungen hätte vermieden werden 
können, 
wenn 
dieser 
zugleich 
rechtlicher Eigentümer (Gläubiger) der 
Schuldverschreibungen gewesen wäre. 
 
(i) 
are deducted or withheld because the 
beneficial owner of the Notes is not 
itself their legal owner (Holder) and the 
deduction or withholding in respect of 
payments to the beneficial owner would 
not have been made or the payment of 
Additional Amounts in respect of a 
payment to the beneficial owner in 
accordance with the above provisions 
could have been avoided if the latter 
had also been the legal owner (Holder) 
of the Notes. 
(2) 
FATCA. Die Verpflichtung der Emittentin zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen soll keine 
Anwendung finden auf Steuern, die nur zu 
zahlen sind auf Grund einer Nichteinhaltung 
von Anforderungen durch den Gläubiger oder 
den wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer (oder ein 
Finanzinstitut, durch das der Gläubiger oder 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hält oder durch die 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu leisten ist) in Bezug auf eine Zertifizierung, 
Information, 
Identifikation, 
Dokumentation 
oder andere Mitteilungen (einschließlich dem 
Abschluss 
und 
der 
Einhaltung 
von 
Vereinbarungen 
mit 
dem 
U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue Service) gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der 
am 
Tag 
der 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Fassung 
oder gemäß geänderter oder nachfolgender 
Bestimmungen, soweit diese geänderten oder 
nachfolgenden 
Bestimmungen 
nicht 
wesentlich beschwerlicher sind als jene am 
Tag der Ausgabe geltenden Fassung) oder 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen 
zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und einem 
anderen 
Staat 
zur 
Umsetzung 
der 
Anforderungen aus diesen Normen. 
 (2) 
FATCA. The obligation of the Issuer to pay 
Additional Amounts shall not apply to any tax 
that would not have been imposed but for a 
failure by the Holder or beneficial owner (or 
any financial institution through which the 
Holder or beneficial owner holds any Note or 
through which payment on the Note is made) 
to comply with any certification, information, 
identification, 
documentation 
or 
other 
reporting requirements (including entering into 
and complying with an agreement with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service) imposed 
pursuant to, or under an intergovernmental 
agreement entered into between the United 
States and the government of another country 
in order to implement the requirements of, 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code as in effect on the date 
of issuance of the Notes or any successor or 
amended version of these provisions, to the 
extent such successor or amended version is 
not materially more onerous than these 
provisions as enacted on such date.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
§ 8 
Vorlegungsfrist 
 
§ 8 
Term of presentation 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 The presentation period provided in § 801(1) 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is 
reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen, 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
 
§ 9 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions, 
Holders' Joint Representative 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Emittentin kann vorbehaltlich der Einhaltung 
der aufsichtsrechtlichen Voraussetzungen für 
die Anerkennung der Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
(falls 
aufsichtsrechtlich 
erforderlich) 
der 
Zustimmung der Zuständigen Behörde die 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der 
Gläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5ff. des 
Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
("SchVG") 
in 
seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung ändern. Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen, 
durch 
Beschlüsse 
mit 
den 
in 
dem 
nachstehenden § 9(2) genannten Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
 (1) 
Amendment to the Terms and Conditions. The 
Issuer may, subject to compliance with the 
requirements of regulatory law for the 
recognition of the Notes as AT1 Instruments 
and (if necessary under applicable regulatory 
laws) the permission of the Competent 
Authority, amend the Terms and Conditions 
with the consent of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to §§ 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen), as amended from time to 
time (the "SchVG"). In particular, the Holders 
may consent to amendments which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, including such measures as 
provided 
for 
under 
§ 5(3) 
SchVG 
by 
resolutions passed by such majority of the 
votes of the Holders as stated under § 9(2) 
below.  
 
Die Emittentin wird die Zuständige Behörde 
vor Durchführung der Abstimmung von den 
zur Abstimmung vorzulegenden Änderungen 
der Anleihebedingungen unterrichten.  
  
The Issuer will notify the Competent Authority 
of changes to the Terms and Conditions to be 
submitted for voting prior to the voting.  
 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht 
gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die 
benachteiligten 
Gläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
  
A duly passed majority resolution shall be 
binding equally upon all Holders. A majority 
resolution which does not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders is void, unless 
Holders 
who 
are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
 
Die Anleihebedingungen können nicht ohne 
Zustimmung der Emittentin geändert werden. 
  
The Terms and Conditions may not be 
amended without the consent of the Issuer. 
(2)  
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden, vorbehaltlich der Erreichung der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, mit einer 
Mehrheit von 75 % der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 
1 bis Nr. 9 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an 
der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 (2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
votes 
cast, 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are met. Resolutions relating to 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
which are not material and which do not relate 
to the matters listed in § 5(3) nos. 1 to 9 of the 
SchVG require a simple majority of the votes 
cast, provided that the quorum requirements 
are met. 
(3)  
Beschlussfassung. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger 
werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im Wege 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
 (3) 
Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders 
shall be passed at the election of the Issuer by 
vote taken without a meeting in accordance

--- Page 97 ---
97 
§ 18 
SchVG 
oder 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG 
gefasst. 
with § 18 SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in 
accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
(4) 
Gläubigerversammlung. Die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte 
ist 
von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die 
Anmeldung 
muss 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Einberufung 
mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten 
Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
Mit der Anmeldung müssen die Gäubiger ihre 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
einen 
in 
Textform 
erstellten 
besonderen 
Nachweis 
der 
Depotbank gemäß § 13(4)(i)(a) und (b) und 
durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen Ende 
der Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
 (4) 
Meeting. Attendance at the meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Holders' prior registration. The registration 
must be received at the address stated in the 
convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of the Custodian in 
accordance with § 13(4)(i)(a) and (b) in text 
form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration has been 
sent until and including the stated end of the 
meeting. 
(5)  
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Zusammen 
mit der Stimmabgabe müssen die Gläubiger 
ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
einen 
in 
Textform 
erstellten 
besonderen 
Nachweis 
der 
Depotbank gemäß § 13(4)(i)(a) und (b) und 
durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Tag der Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) bis 
zum letzten Tag des Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, 
nachweisen. 
 (5) 
Vote without a Meeting. Together with casting 
their votes Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of the Custodian in 
accordance with § 13(4)(i)(a) and (b) in text 
form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such votes have been cast 
until and including the day the voting period 
ends. 
(6)  
Zweite 
Versammlung. 
Wird 
für 
die 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß § 9(4) oder 
die Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß 
§ 9(5) die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit 
festgestellt, 
kann 
– 
im 
Fall 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende 
eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Absatz 3 Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung – der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versammlung 
im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG 
einberufen. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten 
Versammlung 
und 
die 
Ausübung 
der 
Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Für die 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger zu einer zweiten 
Versammlung gelten die Regelungen des 
§ 9(4) entsprechend. 
 (6) 
Second Meeting. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to 
§ 9(4) or the vote without a meeting pursuant 
to § 9(5), in case of a meeting the chairman 
(Vorsitzender) 
may 
convene 
a 
second 
meeting 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 15(3) 
sentence 2 SchVG or in case of a vote without 
a meeting the scrutineer (Abstimmungsleiter) 
may convene a second meeting within the 
meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 SchVG. 
Attendance at the second meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Holders' prior registration. The provisions set 
out in § 9(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the Holders' registration for a second meeting. 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
zur 
Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger bestellen. Die 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
 (7) 
Holders' Joint Representative. The Holders 
may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative 
(the 
"Holders' 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' 
rights on behalf of each Holder. The 
appointment of a Holders' Representative

--- Page 98 ---
98 
bedarf einer Mehrheit gemäß § 9(2) Satz 1, 
wenn er ermächtigt werden soll, Änderungen 
des 
wesentlichen 
Inhalts 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen Maßnahmen zuzustimmen. 
may only be passed by a majority pursuant to 
§ 9(2) 
sentence 1 
if 
such 
Holders' 
Representative is to be authorised to consent 
to a material change in the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions or other material 
matters. 
 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben 
und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz 
oder 
von 
den 
Gläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. 
Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten 
der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen 
Gläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, 
es sei denn, der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat 
der Gemeinsame Vertreter den Gäubigern zu 
berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
gelten 
die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
  
The Holders' Representative shall have the 
duties and powers provided by law or granted 
by majority resolution of the Holders. The 
Holders' Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Holders. To the extent that 
the 
Holders' 
Representative 
has 
been 
authorised to assert certain rights of the 
Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to 
assert 
such 
rights 
themselves, 
unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. 
The regulations of the SchVG apply with 
regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen 
diesen § 9 betreffend erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
 (8)  
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 9 
shall be made exclusively in accordance with 
the provisions of the SchVG. 
§ 10 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen, 
Rückkauf und Entwertung 
 
§ 10 
Further Issues, Repurchases 
and Cancellation 
(1)  
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabekurses) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 (1)  
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes. 
(2)  
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, mit der 
vorherigen Zustimmung der Zuständigen 
Behörde 
und 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 5(6) 
Schuldverschreibungen im regulierten Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Kurs 
zurückzukaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können 
nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern diese 
Käufe durch öffentliches Rückkaufangebot 
erfolgen, muss dieses Rückkaufangebot allen 
Gläubigern gemäß § 11 gemacht werden. 
 (2)  
Repurchases. The Issuer may, with the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority and 
subject to § 5(6), repurchase Notes in a 
regulated market or otherwise at any price. 
Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered 
to 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
for 
cancellation. If repurchases are made by 
public tender, tenders for such Notes must be 
made available to all Holders of such Notes 
alike in accordance with § 11. 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht 
wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
 (3)  
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall 
be cancelled forthwith and may not be 
reissued or resold.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
§ 11 
Mitteilungen 
 
§ 11 
Notices 
(1)  
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen, außer den in § 9 vorgesehenen 
Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG 
erfolgen, werden im Bundesanzeiger und 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
zum 
Handel 
am 
geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und die 
Regeln 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
dies 
verlangen, auch auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.luxse.com) 
veröffentlicht. Eine Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag 
ihrer Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tage der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als erfolgt. 
 (1)  
Publication. All notices concerning the Notes, 
other than any notices stipulated in § 9 which 
shall be made exclusively pursuant to the 
provisions of the SchVG, shall be published in 
the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and for 
as long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). A notice shall be 
deemed to be effected on the day of its 
publication (or in the case of more than one 
publication on the day of the first publication). 
(2) 
Sofern die Regularien der Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, dies 
zulassen, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
Bekanntmachungen 
auch 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger oder durch 
eine schriftliche Mitteilung direkt an die 
Gläubiger zu bewirken. Bekanntmachungen 
über das Clearing System gelten fünf 
Kalendertage nach der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System, direkte Mitteilungen an die 
Gläubiger mit ihrem Zugang als bewirkt.  
 (2) 
The Issuer shall also be entitled to make 
notices 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders or directly to the Holders provided this 
complies with the rules of the stock exchange 
on which the Notes are listed. Notices to the 
Clearing System shall be deemed to be 
effected 
five 
calendar 
days 
after 
the 
notification to the Clearing System, direct 
notices to the Holders shall be deemed to be 
effected upon their receipt. 
§ 12 
Fremdwährungen 
 
§ 12 
Other Currencies 
Sofern Beträge für ein Instrument nicht in der 
funktionalen Währung der Emittentin ausgedrückt 
sind, erfolgt für die Anwendung dieser Bedingungen 
eine Umrechnung in diese funktionale Währung zu 
dem 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
geltenden 
vorherrschenden und durch die Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen festgestellten Wechselkurs oder 
gemäß einem anderen Verfahren, das in den für die 
Emittentin 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Eigenkapitalvorschriften vorgesehen ist. 
 If any amounts with respect to any instrument are not 
expressed in the functional currency of the Issuer, for 
the application of these Terms and Conditions such 
amounts will be converted into such functional 
currency at the then-prevailing exchange rate, as 
determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion, 
or such other procedure as provided by capital 
regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to time. 
§ 13 
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand 
 
§ 13 
Applicable Law and Place of Jurisdiction 
(1)  
Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
 (1)  
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by 
German law. 
(2) 
Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am 
Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
 (2) 
Place of Performance. Place of performance 
is Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
(3)  
Gerichtsstand. Ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht 
 (3)  
Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Federal 
Republic of Germany, shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
 
Dies gilt nur vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit 
dem SchVG. 
  
This is subject to any exclusive court of venue 
for specific legal proceedings in connection 
with the SchVG. 
(4)  
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläu-
biger ist berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in dem der Gäubiger und 
die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen 
Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt 
eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie 
nachstehend definiert) bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, 
welche 
(a) den 
vollständigen 
Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibun-
gen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System 
eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die 
die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt eine 
Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschrei-
bungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, 
deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing 
Systems oder des Verwahrers des Clearing 
Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibun-
gen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems.  
 (4)  
Enforcement. Any Holder may in any 
Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect 
and enforce in his own name his rights arising 
under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as defined 
below) with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes 
(a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement and 
(c) confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to clauses 
(a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorized officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing 
the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognized standing 
authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. 
§ 14 
Sprache 
 
§ 14 
Language 
Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text 
ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
 These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only. 
 
***

--- Page 101 ---
101 
OPTION II: TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES ISSUED IN U.S. DOLLAR 
 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
§ 1 
Währung, Stückelung,  
zusätzliches Kernkapital, Form 
 
§ 1 
Currency, Denomination,  
AT1 Capital, Form 
(1)  
Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(die 
"Emittentin") wird in USD (die "festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von USD 
[Betrag einfügen] (in Worten: [Betrag in 
Worten einfügen] U.S.-Dollar) in einer 
Stückelung von jeweils USD [festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen] (die "festgelegte 
Stückelung" 
oder 
der 
"Ursprüngliche 
Nennbetrag") begeben. 
 (1)  
Currency; Denomination. This series of 
subordinated 
notes 
(the 
"Notes") 
of 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(the 
"Issuer") is being issued in USD (the 
"Specified Currency") in the aggregate 
nominal amount of USD [insert amount] (in 
words: 
[insert 
amount 
in 
words] 
U.S. dollar) 
in 
a 
denomination 
of 
USD [insert Specified Denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination" or the "Original 
Nominal Amount") each.  
Zweck der Schuldverschreibungen ist die 
Überlassung 
von 
Eigenmitteln 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit in Form von zusätzlichem 
Kernkapital an die Emittentin. 
 
The purpose of the Notes is to furnish the 
Issuer with own funds in the form of 
additional tier 1 capital for an indefinite 
period of time. 
(2)  
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
 (2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
(3)  
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
 (3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a)  
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" und, gemeinsam mit 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde, jeweils die 
"Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
sind 
nur 
wirksam, 
wenn 
sie 
die 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften von zwei durch die Emittentin 
bevollmächtigten 
Personen 
sowie 
die 
handschriftliche 
oder 
faksimilierte 
Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft tragen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
 (a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without interest coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchanged 
for Notes in the Specified Denomination 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" and together with 
the Temporary Global Note each the "Global 
Note") 
without 
interest 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be only valid if they 
bear the hand-written or facsimile signatures 
of two authorised representatives of the 
Issuer and the hand-written or facsimile 
control signature of a person instructed by 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(b)  
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
frühestens 
an 
einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch wird nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
 (b)  
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note on a date (the "Exchange Date") not 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of 
the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial 
owner or owners of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. 
persons 
(other 
than 
certain 
financial

--- Page 102 ---
102 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung 
ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie in § 4(3) definiert) zu liefern. 
institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through 
such 
financial 
institutions) 
as 
required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after delivery 
of such certifications. A separate certification 
shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the 
date of issue of the Temporary Global Note 
will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
pursuant 
to 
§ 1(3)(b). 
Any 
securities 
delivered 
in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in § 4(3)). 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") und 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brüssel, 
Belgien 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")] 
[anderes internationales Clearingsystem, 
Adresse 
einfügen] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
 (4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be 
kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than 
one 
Clearing 
System 
the 
following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brussels, 
Belgium 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] [insert 
other 
international 
clearing 
system, 
address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5)  
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Schuldverschreibungen. 
 (5) 
Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder 
of a proportionate co-ownership or other right 
in the Notes. 
§ 2 
Status 
 
§ 2 
Status 
(1) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, nicht besicherte, nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und (nach Maßgabe von 
§ 2(3)) 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
ebenso 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin im gleichen Rang stehen.  
(1) 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, ranking 
pari passu among themselves and (as 
specified in § 2(3)) pari passu with all other 
equally subordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
(2) 
Im Fall von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin und im Fall der 
Auflösung, 
der 
Liquidation 
oder 
der 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
Vergleichs 
oder 
eines 
anderen 
der 
(2) 
If resolution measures are imposed on the 
Issuer, or in the event of the dissolution, 
liquidation, insolvency or composition of the 
Issuer, or if other proceedings are opened for 
the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Abwendung 
der 
Insolvenz 
dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin gehen die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen, vorbehaltlich der 
jeweils anwendbaren Rechtsvorschriften, (i) 
den 
Ansprüchen dritter Gläubiger der 
Emittentin 
aus 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht ausschließlich, Ansprüchen gegen die 
Emittentin aus deren nicht bevorrechtigten, 
nicht nachrangigen Schuldtiteln im Sinne von 
§ 46f Absatz 6 Satz 1 KWG), (ii) den in § 39 
Absatz 1 Nr. 1 bis 5 InsO bezeichneten 
Forderungen, (iii) den Ansprüchen dritter 
Gläubiger der Emittentin aus nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten, die nicht gemäß § 2(3) im 
gleichen Rang zu den Ansprüchen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen stehen oder diesen 
im Rang nachgehen, (iv) allen anderen 
Ansprüchen dritter Gläubiger der Emittentin, 
die nicht bereits von (i) bis (iii) erfasst sind 
und gesetzlich (einschließlich gemäß § 46f 
Absatz 
7a 
Satz 
3 
KWG) 
vorrangig 
gegenüber AT1 Instrumenten zu berichtigen 
sind, sowie (v) den Ansprüchen aus Tier 2 
Instrumenten, im Rang vollständig nach (die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin unter (i) bis 
(v) 
zusammen 
die 
"Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten"); Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen in einem 
solchen 
Fall 
solange 
nicht, 
bis 
die 
Vorrangigen Verbindlichkeiten vollständig 
befriedigt sind. 
Issuer, the obligations under the Notes shall 
be, subject to applicable law from time to time, 
fully subordinated to (i) the claims of 
unsubordinated 
creditors 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(including, but not limited to, claims against 
the Issuer under its non-preferred senior debt 
instruments within the meaning of § 46f(6) 
sentence 1 KWG), (ii) the claims specified in 
§ 39(1) nos. 1 to 5 InsO, (iii) the claims of 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which do 
not, pursuant to § 2(3), rank pari passu with, 
or junior to, the claims under the Notes, (iv) all 
other claims of creditors of the Issuer which 
pursuant to mandatory law (including pursuant 
to § 46f(7a) sentence 3 KWG) have to be 
satisfied with priority to AT1 Instruments 
unless already captured in (i) through (iii), and 
(v) the claims under Tier 2 Instruments (the 
obligations of the Issuer referred to in (i) 
through (v), together the "Senior Ranking 
Obligations"); in any such event, no amounts 
shall be payable in respect of the Notes until 
the Senior Ranking Obligations have been 
satisfied in full. 
 
"AT1 
Instrument" 
bezeichnet 
jedes 
Kapitalinstrument der Emittentin, das zum 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt als Instrument des 
zusätzlichen Kernkapitals gemäß Artikel 52 
CRR qualifiziert. 
 
 
"AT1 
Instrument" 
means 
any 
capital 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
additional tier 1 instrument pursuant to 
Article 52 CRR at the relevant time. 
 
"InsO" bezeichnet die Insolvenzordnung, in 
der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der InsO 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich 
der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der InsO in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"InsO" means of the German Insolvency 
Statute (Insolvenzordnung), as amended or 
replaced from time to time; to the extent that 
any provisions of the InsO are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of the 
InsO as used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions or 
successor provisions from time to time. 
 
"KWG" bezeichnet das Gesetz über das 
Kreditwesen (Kreditwesengesetz), in der 
Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; 
soweit Bestimmungen des KWG geändert 
oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen des KWG in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"KWG" means the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz), as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the KWG are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of the 
KWG as used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions or 
successor provisions from time to time. 
 
"Tier 2 
Instrument" 
bezeichnet 
jedes 
Kapitalinstrument 
oder 
nachrangige 
Darlehensinstrument der Emittentin, das 
zum betreffenden Zeitpunkt als Ergänzungs-
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument or subordinated loan instrument of 
the Issuer that qualifies as a Tier 2 instrument 
pursuant to Article 63 CRR at the relevant 
time.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
kapitalinstrument gemäß Artikel 63 CRR 
qualifiziert. 
(3) 
Im Fall von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin und im Fall der 
Auflösung, 
der 
Liquidation 
oder 
der 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
Vergleichs 
oder 
eines 
anderen 
der 
Abwendung 
der 
Insolvenz 
dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin  
(i) 
stehen 
die 
Ansprüche 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen im gleichen 
Rang wie die Ansprüche gegen die 
Emittentin 
aus 
anderen 
AT1 
Instrumenten sowie aus anderen 
Instrumenten, die nach zwingendem 
Recht 
mit 
AT1 
Instrumenten 
gleichrangig sind; und 
 
(3) 
If resolution measures are imposed on the 
Issuer, or in the event of the dissolution, 
liquidation, insolvency or composition of the 
Issuer, or if other proceedings are opened for 
the avoidance of insolvency of the Issuer or 
against the Issuer,  
(i) 
claims under the Notes rank pari 
passu with the claims against the 
Issuer under other AT1 Instruments 
and claims under other instruments 
which 
pursuant 
to 
mandatory 
provisions of law rank pari passu with 
AT1 Instruments; and 
(ii) 
gehen 
die 
Ansprüche 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Ansprüchen hinsichtlich Posten des 
harten Kernkapitals der Emittentin 
gemäß Artikel 26 CRR im Rang vor, 
insbesondere, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, den Ansprüchen aus 
Stammaktien. 
 
(ii) 
claims under the Notes rank senior to 
the claims in respect of common 
equity tier 1 items of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 26 CRR, in 
particular (but not limited to) claims 
under ordinary shares. 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
nicht mehr als AT1 Instrumente oder andere 
Eigenmittelinstrumente der Emittentin im 
Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 119 CRR 
qualifizieren, gehen gemäß § 46f Abs. 7a 
KWG 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sämtlichen 
Verbindlichkeiten aus Eigenmitteln vor. 
 
If the Notes in their entirety no longer qualify 
as AT1 Instruments or other own funds 
instruments within the meaning of Article 4(1) 
no. 119 CRR, the obligations under the Notes 
will, pursuant to § 46f(7a) KWG, rank in 
priority to all obligations under own funds 
instruments. 
 
"CRR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
575/2013, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert oder ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen 
der CRR geändert oder ersetzt werden, 
bezieht sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen 
der CRR in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die jeweils geänderten Bestimmungen bzw. 
die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
 
 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
as amended or replaced from time to time; to 
the extent that any provisions of the CRR are 
amended or replaced, the reference to 
provisions of the CRR as used in these 
Terms and Conditions shall refer to such 
amended provisions or successor provisions 
from time to time. 
(4) 
Unter Beachtung von § 2(2) bleibt es der 
Emittentin 
unbenommen, 
ihre 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
aus 
dem 
sonstigen freien Vermögen zu bedienen. 
 
(4) 
Subject to § 2(2), the Issuer may satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes also from other 
distributable 
assets 
(sonstiges 
freies 
Vermögen) of the Issuer. 
(5) 
Die Aufrechnung von Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen gegen Forderungen 
der Emittentin ist ausgeschlossen. Den 
Gläubigern wird für ihre Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
Sicherheit 
oder Garantie gestellt; eine solche Sicherheit 
oder Garantie wird auch zu keinem späteren 
Zeitpunkt gestellt werden. Bereits gestellte 
oder zukünftig gestellte Sicherheiten oder 
Garantien im Zusammenhang mit anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin haften nicht 
 
(5) 
No Holder may set off his claims arising 
under the Notes against any claims of the 
Issuer. No collateral or guarantee is, shall at 
any time be, provided securing claims of the 
Holders under the Notes. Any collateral or 
guarantee already provided or granted in the 
future (as the case may be) in connection 
with other liabilities of the Issuer may not be 
used for claims under the Notes.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
für 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(6) 
Nachträglich können der Nachrang gemäß 
§ 2(1) und (2) nicht beschränkt sowie die 
Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen und 
jede anwendbare 
Kündigungsfrist nicht 
verkürzt werden. Bereits vor der Vornahme 
von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in Bezug auf 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Auflösung, 
Liquidation oder Insolvenz der Emittentin 
oder eines Vergleichs oder eines anderen 
der Abwendung der Insolvenz dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin steht jede 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Vorbehalt 
der Erfüllung der Bedingungen gemäß § 3(8) 
und 
jede 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe von 
§ 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) oder § 5(5) und jeder 
Rückkauf der Schuldverschreibungen nach 
Maßgabe von § 10(2) unter dem Vorbehalt 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6). 
 
(6) 
No subsequent agreement may limit the 
subordination pursuant to § 2(1) and (2) or 
shorten the term of the Notes or any 
applicable notice period. Even prior to the 
imposition of any resolution measures upon 
the Issuer, or the dissolution, liquidation, 
insolvency, or composition of the Issuer, or 
the opening of other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the 
Issuer, payment of interest on the Notes will 
be subject to the conditions set forth in § 3(8) 
being fulfilled, and any redemption of the 
Notes pursuant to § 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) or 
§ 5(5) and any repurchase of the Notes 
pursuant to § 10(2) will be subject to the 
conditions to redemption and repurchase set 
forth in § 5(6) being fulfilled. 
 
Hinweis 
auf 
vorinsolvenzliches 
Zahlungsverbot. Zu den Bedingungen 
gemäß § 3(8) und zu den Rückzahlungs- 
und Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
gehören die Bedingungen, dass an dem Tag, 
an dem der betreffende Betrag von Kapital 
oder Zinsen zur Zahlung vorgesehen ist, (i) 
die Emittentin am Tag der relevanten 
Zahlung weder überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 InsO noch zahlungsunfähig im Sinne 
von § 17 InsO ist, und (ii) die Zahlung des 
betreffenden 
Betrages 
nicht 
zu 
einer 
Überschuldung im Sinne von § 19 InsO oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit im Sinne von § 17 InsO 
der Emittentin führt. 
 
 
Note on Payment Restrictions prior to an 
Insolvency. The conditions set forth in 
§ 3(8) and the conditions to redemption and 
repurchase set forth in § 5(6) include the 
conditions that, on the date on which the 
relevant amount of principal or interest is 
scheduled to be paid, (i) the Issuer is neither 
over-indebted within the meaning of § 19 
InsO nor illiquid within the meaning of § 17 
InsO on the date of the relevant payment, 
and (ii) the payment of the relevant amount 
would not result in an overindebtedness 
within the meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquidity 
within the meaning of § 17 InsO of the Issuer. 
 
Das 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Emittentin 
unabhängig von und bereits vor Einleitung 
eines 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Liquidations-
verfahrens 
über 
das 
Vermögen 
der 
Emittentin weder eine vorgesehene Zahlung 
von Zinsen noch eine Rückzahlung von 
Kapital 
vornehmen 
darf, 
wenn 
(i) die 
Emittentin am Tag der relevanten Zahlung 
überschuldet im Sinne von § 19 InsO oder 
zahlungsunfähig im Sinne von § 17 InsO ist, 
oder (ii) die Zahlung des betreffenden 
Betrages zu einer Überschuldung im Sinne 
von § 19 InsO oder Zahlungsunfähigkeit im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO der Emittentin führen 
würde. Ein solches Zahlungsverbot kann für 
unbestimmte Zeit und sogar dauerhaft 
gelten.  
 
 
This means that irrespective of, and even 
prior to, the opening of any insolvency or 
liquidation proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer, the Issuer shall not make a 
scheduled payment of interest or principal if 
(i) the Issuer is over-indebted within the 
meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date of the 
relevant payment, or (ii) the payment of the 
relevant 
amount 
would 
result 
in 
an 
overindebtedness within the meaning of § 19 
InsO or illiquidity within the meaning of § 17 
InsO of the Issuer. Such a prohibition on 
payment may be in effect for an indefinite 
period of time and even permanently. 
(7) 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen unter 
anderen als den in § 2(2), § 2(3) und § 2(6) 
beschriebenen Umständen zurückgezahlt 
oder von der Emittentin zurückerworben, so 
ist der zurückgezahlte oder gezahlte Betrag 
 
(7) 
If the Notes are redeemed or repurchased by 
the 
Issuer 
otherwise 
than 
in 
the 
circumstances described in § 2(2), § 2(3) 
and § 2(6), then the amounts redeemed or 
paid must be returned to the Issuer

--- Page 106 ---
106 
der 
Emittentin 
ohne 
Rücksicht 
auf 
entgegenstehende Vereinbarungen zurück 
zu gewähren, sofern nicht die für die 
Emittentin Zuständige Behörde (wie unten 
definiert) 
der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf zuvor zugestimmt hat. 
irrespective of any agreement to the contrary 
unless the Competent Authority (as defined 
below) of the Issuer has given its prior 
consent to such redemption or repurchase. 
(8) 
Hinweis 
auf 
die 
Möglichkeit 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. 
Die 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
(wie 
unten 
definiert) kann nach den für die Emittentin 
geltenden 
Abwicklungsvorschriften 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen vor einer Insolvenz 
oder 
Liquidation 
der 
Emittentin 
herabschreiben (bis einschließlich auf null), 
in Eigenkapital (zum Beispiel Stammaktien 
der Emittentin) umwandeln oder sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
treffen, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Übertragung 
der 
Verbindlichkeiten 
auf 
einen 
anderen 
Rechtsträger, 
einer 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen oder einer Löschung 
der Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
(8) 
Note on the Possibility of Statutory 
Resolution 
Measures. 
Prior 
to 
any 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under 
bank resolution laws applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time, the Resolution Authority 
(as defined below) may write down (including 
to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes, convert them into equity (e.g. 
ordinary shares of the Issuer) or apply any 
other resolution measure, including any 
transfer of the obligations to another entity, 
an amendment of the Terms and Conditions 
or a cancellation of the Notes. 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
 
§ 3 
Interest 
(1)  
Verzinsung, Zinszahlungstage. 
 (1) 
Interest Calculation, Interest Payment Dates. 
(a)  
Vorbehaltlich 
des 
Ausschlusses 
der 
Zinszahlung 
nach 
§ 3(8) 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis 
zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst.  
 (a) 
Subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payments pursuant to § 3(8), the Notes shall 
bear interest from (and including) [insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, 
and thereafter from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
next following Interest Payment Date.  
 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
[Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [und] [weitere 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen]. 
Erster 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] ([kurze][lange] 
erste Zinsperiode).  
  
"Interest Payment Date" means [insert 
Interest Payment Date] [and] [further 
Interest Payment Dates] in each year. The 
first Interest Payment Date is [insert first 
Interest Payment Date] ([short][long] first 
interest period). 
(b) 
Zinsen sind vorbehaltlich des Ausschlusses 
der Zinszahlung nach § 3(8) nachträglich an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
Zahlung 
vorgesehen.  
 (b) 
Subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payments pursuant to § 3(8), interest shall 
be scheduled to be paid in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date.  
(c) 
Der zur Zahlung vorgesehene Zinsbetrag wird 
gemäß § 3(3) berechnet. 
 (c) 
The amount of interest scheduled to be paid 
will be determined in accordance with § 3(3). 
(2)  
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für 
jede Zinsperiode (wie in § 3(2)(b) definiert) ist, 
sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes 
bestimmt wird, 
 (2)  
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the 
"Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period 
(as defined in § 3(2)(b)) will, except as 
otherwise provided below, be 
(a) 
für den Zeitraum vom Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
[Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag einfügen] (der "Erste 
Zinsanpassungstag") (ausschließlich) ein 
fester Zinssatz in Höhe von [Zinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum, und 
 (a) 
for the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date 
to (but 
excluding) [insert First Reset Date] (the 
"First Reset Date") a fixed rate of [insert 
interest rate] per cent. per annum, and

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(b)  
für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächsten Zinsanpassungstag (ausschließlich) 
und danach für den Zeitraum ab jedem 
Zinsanpassungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächsten Zinsanpassungstag (ausschließlich) 
der 
betreffende 
Referenzsatz 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
zuzüglich 
der 
ursprünglichen Kreditmarge in Höhe von 
[ursprüngliche Kreditmarge einfügen]% 
per annum1 [entsprechend der Anzahl der 
Zinszahlungstage in einem Jahr, die der 
Bestimmung 
der 
ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge zugrunde gelegt wurde, falls 
eine ggf. erforderliche Umrechnung des 
Referenzsatzes auf die betreffende Basis 
erfolgen soll, einfügen: (ausgedrückt auf 
[viertel][halb]jährlicher Basis)]. 
 (b) 
for the period from (and including) the First 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Reset 
Date and thereafter from (and including) 
each Reset Date to (but excluding) the next 
Reset Date the applicable Reference Rate 
(as defined below) plus the initial credit 
spread of [insert initial credit spread] per 
cent. per annum1 [depending on the 
number of Interest Payment Dates falling 
in a year used to determine the initial 
credit spread, in the case that the 
Reference Rate shall be converted (if so 
required) to the relevant basis, insert: 
(expressed 
on 
a[n] 
[quarterly] 
[semi-
][annual] basis)]. 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 bestimmt) 
bestimmt für den Zinsanpassungstag am 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
den 
jeweiligen 
Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses § 3(2). 
  
The Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6) 
will determine the Reference Rate in 
accordance with this § 3(2) for each Reset 
Date on the Interest Determination Date. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der CMT-Satz ist, 
einfügen: 
 [If the Reference Rate is CMT Rate, insert: 
Der 
"Referenzsatz" 
zu 
jedem 
Zinsan-
passungstag entspricht dem CMT-Satz (wie 
nachstehend definiert)[.] 
 
The "Reference Rate" for each Reset Date 
will be the CMT Rate (as defined below)[.] 
[Für den Fall, dass eine ggf. erforderliche 
Umrechnung des Referenzsatzes auf die 
betreffende 
Basis 
entsprechend 
der 
Anzahl der Zinszahlungstage in einem 
Jahr 
(vierteljährlich 
oder 
jährlich) 
vorzunehmen ist, einfügen: , wobei für die 
Bestimmung des Referenzsatzes der auf 
halbjährlicher Basis ausgedrückte CMT-Satz 
in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Weise auf eine 
[viertel]jährliche Basis umgerechnet wird.] 
 
[In the case that the Reference Rate is to 
be converted to the relevant basis 
corresponding to the number of Interest 
Payment Dates falling in a year (quarterly 
or annual basis), insert: , provided that, for 
purposes of the determination of the 
Reference Rate, the CMT Rate which is 
expressed on a semi-annual basis will be 
converted to a[n] [quarterly] [annual] basis in 
a commercially reasonable manner.]  
"CMT-Satz" bezeichnet: 
 
"CMT Rate" means: 
(i) 
der 
(in 
Prozent 
per 
annum 
ausgedrückte) 
Satz, 
der 
der 
halbjährlichen 
Rendite 
für 
US-
Staatsanleihen mit "konstanter Laufzeit 
(constant maturity)" für eine Laufzeit, 
die 
der 
Dauer 
des 
Zinsan-
passungszeitraums entspricht oder mit 
dieser vergleichbar ist, die in der H.15 
(wie nachstehend definiert) unter der 
Überschrift 
"U.S. 
government 
securities-Treasury 
constant 
maturities-Nominal" veröffentlicht wird, 
entspricht, so wie diese Rendite an dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird; oder 
(i) 
the rate (expressed in per cent. per 
annum) equal to the semi-annual yield 
for 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Securities 
at 
"constant maturity" for a period to 
maturity which is equal or comparable 
to the duration of the Reset Period, as 
published in the H.15 (as defined 
below) 
under 
the 
caption 
"U.S. 
government 
securities-Treasury 
constant maturities-Nominal", as such 
yield is displayed on the Interest 
Determination Date on the Screen 
Page; or 
(ii) 
wenn (A) die in Ziffer (i) in Bezug 
genommene 
Rendite 
an 
dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wird oder 
(ii) 
if (A) the yield referred to in clause (i) is 
not published on the Screen Page on 
the Interest Determination Date, or (B) 
there is a manifest error with respect to 
 
1  
Dies entspricht der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge im Zeitpunkt der Preisfindung. / This equals the initial credit spread at the time of pricing.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(B) ein offensichtlicher Fehler in Bezug 
auf deren Veröffentlichung auf der 
Bildschirmseite vorliegt, den (in Prozent 
per annum ausgedrückten) Satz, der 
der halbjährlichen Rendite für US-
Staatsanleihen mit "konstanter Laufzeit 
(constant maturity)" für eine Laufzeit, 
die 
der 
Dauer 
des 
Zinsanpassungszeitraums 
entspricht 
oder mit dieser vergleichbar ist, die in 
der H.15 unter der Überschrift "U.S. 
government 
securities-Treasury 
constant maturities-Nominal" an dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag veröffentlicht wird, 
entspricht, oder 
its publication on the Screen Page, the 
rate (expressed in per cent. per annum) 
equal to the semi-annual yield for U.S. 
Treasury 
Securities 
at 
"constant 
maturity" having a period to maturity 
which is equal or comparable to the 
duration of the Reset Period as 
published on the Interest Determination 
Date in the H.15 under the caption "U.S. 
government 
securities-Treasury 
constant maturities-Nominal"; or 
(iii) 
wenn weder die in Ziffer (i) noch die in 
Ziffer (ii) in Bezug genommene Rendite 
an 
dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
veröffentlicht wird oder wenn ein 
offensichtlicher Fehler in Bezug auf 
deren Veröffentlichung vorliegt, der (in 
Prozent per annum ausgedrückte und 
erforderlichenfalls auf die nächsten 
0,001 % gerundete (wobei 0,0005 % 
aufgerundet werden)) Satz, der von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
als 
halbjährliche 
Rendite bis zur Endfälligkeit für eine 
Benchmark-US-Staatsanleihe auf der 
Grundlage des arithmetischen Mittels 
(gerundet wie vorstehend beschrieben) 
aus einer Auswahl von drei aus fünf 
Angebotsrenditen im Sekundärmarkt 
um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Ortszeit New York 
City) 
an 
dem 
auf 
den 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
folgenden 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen, 
die der Berechnungsstelle von fünf von 
der Emittentin ausgewählten führenden 
Primärhändlern (primary dealers) von 
US-Staatsanleihen in New York (jeweils 
ein "Referenz-Händler") zur Verfügung 
gestellt werden, wobei der höchste 
(bzw. bei mehreren gleich hohen 
Angebotsrenditen 
einer 
dieser 
höchsten Sätze) und der niedrigste 
(bzw. bei mehreren gleich niedrigen 
Angebotsrenditen 
einer 
dieser 
niedrigsten 
Renditen) 
der 
fünf 
eingeholten 
Angebotsrenditen 
unberücksichtigt bleiben. 
(iii) 
if neither the yield referred to in clause 
(i) nor the yield referred to in clause (ii) 
are 
published 
on 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date, or if there is a 
manifest error with respect to its 
publication, the rate (expressed in per 
cent. per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as the semi-annual yield to 
maturity for a Benchmark U.S. Treasury 
Security based on the arithmetic mean 
(as rounded as aforesaid) of a selection 
of three out of five bid yields on the 
secondary market at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the 
U.S. Treasury Securities Business Day 
following the Interest Determination 
Date provided to the Calculation Agent 
by five leading primary dealers of U.S. 
Treasury Securities in New York (each 
a "Reference Dealer") selected by the 
Issuer, disregarding the highest (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest) of the five 
obtained bid yields. 
 
 
Wenn bis 23:59 Uhr (Ortszeit New York 
City) 
an 
dem 
auf 
den 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
folgenden 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen 
weniger als fünf, aber mehr als zwei 
solcher Angebotsrenditen bereitgestellt 
werden, ist der CMT-Satz der (in 
Prozent per annum ausgedrückte und 
erforderlichenfalls auf die nächsten 
0,001 % gerundete (wobei 0,0005 % 
aufgerundet werden)) Satz, der von der 
 
If by 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on 
the U.S. Treasury Securities Business 
Day 
following 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date fewer than five but 
more than two of such bid yields are 
provided, then the CMT Rate will be the 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum and rounded to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the semi-annual

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Berechnungsstelle 
als 
halbjährliche 
Rendite bis zur Endfälligkeit für eine 
Benchmark-US-Staatsanleihe 
basierend auf dem arithmetischen 
Mittel 
(gerundet 
wie 
vorstehend 
beschrieben) 
aller 
wie 
vorstehend 
beschrieben 
im 
Sekundärmarkt 
eingeholten 
Angebotsrenditen 
berechnet wird 
yield to maturity for a Benchmark U.S. 
Treasury 
Security 
based 
on 
the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) 
of all of the bid yields obtained on the 
secondary market as set forth above 
 
Wenn bis 23:59 Uhr (Ortszeit New York 
City) 
an 
dem 
auf 
den 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
folgenden 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen 
weniger als drei der von der Emittentin 
ausgewählten 
Referenz-Händler 
Angebotssätze bereitstellen oder wenn 
keine 
Benchmark-US-Staatsanleihe 
besteht, 
dann 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
für 
den 
Zinsfestlegungstag dem anwendbaren 
Ausweichsatz. 
 
If by 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on 
the U.S. Treasury Securities Business 
Day 
following 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date fewer than three 
Reference Dealers selected by the 
Issuer provide bid prices, or if there is 
no 
outstanding 
Benchmark 
U.S. 
Treasury Security, then the Reference 
Rate for the Interest Determination 
Date shall be the applicable Fallback 
Rate. 
(iv) 
In den vorstehenden Ziffern (i) bis (iii) 
ist der relevante Satz jeweils der von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
festgestellte 
Satz. 
(iv) 
In each of clauses (i) to (iv) above, the 
relevant rate shall be as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
 
Where: 
 
"Ausweichsatz" bezeichnet (x) für jeden 
Zinsanpassungszeitraum außer dem ersten 
Zinsanpassungszeitraum den CMT-Satz am 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstag oder (y) für den ersten 
Zinsanpassungszeitraum [●]%1 per annum. 
 
"Fallback Rate" means (x) for each Reset 
Period except the first Reset Period, the 
CMT Rate on the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (y) for the first Reset 
Period [●] per cent1 per annum. 
 
"Benchmark-US-Staatsanleihe" bezeichnet 
an 
dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[die 
US-
Staatsanleihe mit der längsten Restlaufzeit, 
deren 
ursprüngliche 
Laufzeit 
bei 
ihrer 
Begebung gleich oder vergleichbar mit der 
Dauer des Zinsanpassungszeitraums war und 
die eine Restlaufzeit hat von nicht weniger als 
einem Jahr unter einer Laufzeit, die gleich 
oder 
vergleichbar 
mit 
der 
Dauer 
des 
Zinsanpassungszeitraums war, und einen 
Nennwert 
von 
mindestens 
USD 
1.000.000.000 
aufweist] 
[andere 
anwendbare Definition einfügen]. 
 
"Benchmark 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Security" 
means, on the Interest Determination Date, 
[the U.S. Treasury Security with the longest 
remaining term to maturity, an original term 
to maturity upon issue which was equal or 
comparable to the duration of the Reset 
Period, a remaining term to maturity of no 
less than one year less than a maturity which 
was equal or comparable to the duration of 
the Reset Period, and a nominal amount of 
at least USD 1,000,000,000] [insert other 
applicable definition]. 
 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Seite 
"NDX" (unter der Überschrift "H15[●]") bei 
dem Dienst der Bloomberg L.P. (oder einem 
Nachfolgedienst) oder eine andere Seite, die 
diese Seite bei diesem Dienst zum Zweck der 
Darstellung von "U.S. government securities-
Treasury constant maturities-Nominal", wie in 
der H.15 veröffentlicht, ersetzt. 
 
"Screen Page" means page "NDX" (under 
caption "H15[●]") on the Bloomberg L.P. 
service, or any successor service, on or any 
other page as may replace that page on that 
service for the purpose of displaying "U.S. 
government securities-Treasury constant 
maturities-Nominal" as reported in the H.15. 
 
"H.15" bezeichnet die als H.15 bezeichnete 
tägliche statistische Veröffentlichung des 
 
"H.15" means the daily statistical release 
designated as H.15, or any successor 
 
1  
Entspricht der Reoffer Rendite im Zeitpunkt der Preisfindung der Schuldverschreibung minus Kreditmarge. / Calculated as the reoffer 
yield at the time of pricing of the Notes less the Credit Spread.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Board of Governors des Federal Reserve 
System bzw. jede Nachfolgeveröffentlichung, 
die 
unter 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15/ 
oder auf einer Nachfolgeseite oder in einer 
Nachfolgeveröffentlichung veröffentlicht wird. 
publication, published by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15
/ or any successor site or publication. 
 
"Geschäftstag 
für 
US-Staatsanleihen" 
bezeichnet jeden Tag außer einem Samstag, 
Sonntag oder einem Tag, an dem auf 
Empfehlung der Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (oder einer 
Nachfolgerin) 
die 
Abteilungen 
für 
festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder 
für 
den 
Handel 
mit 
US-Staatsanleihen 
ganztägig geschlossen sind. 
 
"U.S. Treasury Securities Business Day" 
means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which, due to a 
recommendation of the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association (or its 
successor), the fixed income departments of 
its members are closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. Treasury 
Securities. 
 
"US-Staatsanleihen" 
bezeichnet 
Wertpapiere, die direkte Verpflichtungen des 
Finanzministeriums 
(Treasury) 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten begründen und ohne 
Diskontierung ausgegeben werden. 
 
"U.S. 
Treasury 
Securities" 
means 
securities that are direct obligations of the 
United States Treasury, issued other than on 
a discount rate basis. 
"Zinsanpassungstag" bezeichnet den Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag und jeden [fünften][●] 
Jahrestag 
des 
jeweils 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Zinsanpassungstages. 
 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date 
and any [fifth][ ●] anniversary of the 
immediately preceding Reset Date. 
"Zinsanpassungszeitraum" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
ab 
jedem 
Zinsanpassungstag (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem 
jeweils 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinsanpassungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
"Reset Period" means each period from 
(and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next following Reset Date and 
thereafter from (and including) each Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next following 
Reset Date. 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf 
den 
Referenzsatz, 
der 
für 
den 
Zinsanpassungszeitraum 
festzustellen 
ist, 
den 
zweiten 
Geschäftstag 
für 
US-
Staatsanleihen vor dem Zinsanpassungstag, 
an dem dieser Zeitraum beginnt. 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in 
respect of the Reference Rate to be 
determined in relation to the Reset Period, 
the 
second 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Securities 
Business Day preceding the Reset Date on 
which such period commences. 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. ab 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
(3)  
[Absichtlich freigelassen.]] 
 (3) 
[Intentionally left blank.]] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Mid Markt Swapsatz 
ist, einfügen: 
 [If the Reference Rate is Mid Market Swap Rate, 
insert: 
 
Der 
"Referenzsatz" 
zu 
jedem 
Zinsanpassungstag wird wie folgt bestimmt: 
  
The "Reference Rate" for each Reset Date 
will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
wenn der betreffende Reset Zeitraum 
(wie nachstehend definiert) vor dem 
Stichtag (wie in § 3(3)(vi) definiert) 
beginnt, entspricht der Referenzsatz 
dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz an 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag. 
Falls in diesem Fall der Ursprüngliche 
 
(i) 
if the relevant Reset Period (as 
defined below) begins prior to the 
relevant Effective Date (as defined in 
§ 3(3)(vi)), the Reference Rate will be 
equal to the Original Benchmark Rate 
on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date. If in this case the Original

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Benchmarksatz zu dem betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, aber 
kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(3)(x) 
definiert) 
eingetreten 
ist, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
der 
zuletzt 
an 
einem 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag auf 
der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wurde; 
oder 
Benchmark Rate does not appear on 
the Screen Page as at such time on 
the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, but no Benchmark Event (as 
defined in § 3(3)(x)) has occurred, the 
Reference Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date will be will 
be equal to the Original Benchmark 
Rate on the Screen Page on the last 
day preceding the relevant Interest 
Determination Date on which such 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
was 
displayed; or 
(ii) 
wenn der betreffende Reset Zeitraum 
an oder nach dem Stichtag beginnt, 
wird der Referenzsatz gemäß § 3(3) 
bestimmt[.] 
 
(ii) 
if the relevant Reset Period begins on 
or after the Effective Date, the 
Reference Rate will be determined in 
accordance with § 3(3)[.] 
[Falls eine ggf. erforderliche Umrechnung 
des Referenzsatzes auf die betreffende 
Basis 
entsprechend 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Zinszahlungstage in einem Jahr (viertel-, 
halb- oder jährlich) vorgenommen werden 
soll, einfügen: ; wobei für die Bestimmung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
ein 
nicht 
auf 
[viertel][halb]jährlicher Basis ausgedrückter 
Satz in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Weise auf 
eine 
[viertel][halb]jährliche 
Basis 
umgerechnet wird.] 
 
[If the Reference Rate shall be converted 
(if so required) to the relevant basis 
corresponding to the number of Interest 
Payment Dates falling in a year (quarterly, 
semi-annual or annual basis), insert: ; 
provided 
that, 
for 
purposes 
of 
the 
determination of the Reference Rate, a rate 
which is not expressed on a[n] [quarterly] 
[semi-][annual] basis will be converted to 
a[n] [quarterly] [semi-][annual] basis in a 
commercially reasonable manner.] 
"Bildschirmseite" bezeichnet [die LSEG-
Bildschirmseite 
"SOFSFIX5Y=IBAL" 
(oder 
eine Nachfolgeseite) unter der Überschrift 
"11:00 AM" (oder einer Nachfolgeüberschrift)] 
[andere anwendbare Bildschirmseite und 
Überschrift einfügen] (die "Ursprüngliche 
Bildschirmseite"). Wenn die Ursprüngliche 
Bildschirmseite dauerhaft eingestellt wird, 
oder wenn darauf die Quotierung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes dauerhaft 
eingestellt wird, jedoch diese Quotierung von 
einem anderen Anbieter und/oder auf einer 
anderen Bildschirmseite, der bzw. die von der 
Emittentin 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
ausgewählt worden ist, verfügbar ist (die 
"Ersatzbildschirmseite"), dann bezeichnet 
der Begriff "Bildschirmseite" zum Zweck der 
Festlegung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes die Ersatzbildschirmseite, 
und zwar ab dem Tag, an dem die Emittentin 
die Ersatzbildschirmseite auswählt. 
 
"Screen Page" means [the LSEG Screen 
Page "SOFSFIX5Y=IBAL" (or any successor 
page) under the heading "11:00 AM" (or any 
successor 
heading)] 
[insert 
other 
applicable screen page and heading] (the 
"Original Screen Page"). If the Original 
Screen Page permanently ceases to exist or 
permanently ceases to quote the Original 
Benchmark Rate but such quotation is 
available from another provider and/or page 
selected by the Issuer in its reasonable 
discretion 
(the 
"Replacement 
Screen 
Page"), the term "Screen Page" for purposes 
of 
the 
determination 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate shall be the Replacement 
Screen Page with effect from the date on 
which the Replacement Screen Page is 
selected by the Issuer. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem sowie Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in New York Zahlungen in der 
Festgelegten Währung abwickeln sowie alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolgesystem (T2) offen sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
"Business Day" means any day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System and commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in New York settle 
payments in the Specified Currency as well 
as all relevant parts of the real-time gross 
settlement 
system 
operated 
by 
the 
Eurosystem or any successor system (T2) 
are open to effect payments. 
"IBA" 
bezeichnet 
die 
ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration® 
Limited 
(oder 
einen 
 
"IBA" 
means 
ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration® Limited (or any successor

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Nachfolgeadministrator der USD SOFR ICE 
Swap 
Rate® 
(oder 
einer 
Nachfolgebezeichnung)). 
administrator of the USD SOFR ICE Swap 
Rate® (or any successor label)). 
"Relevanter 
Zeitpunkt" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Uherzeit gegen [11.15][•] Uhr Ortszeit New 
York City. 
 
"Relevant Time" means at or around 
[11:15][•] a.m. (New York City time). 
"SOFR" bezeichnet die den Tageszinssatz für 
besicherte 
Über-Nacht-Finanzierungen 
(Secured Overnight Financing Rate), wie von 
der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder 
einem Nachfolgeadministrator dieses Satzes) 
zur Verfügung gestellt. 
 
"SOFR" means the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate). 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" bezeich-
net die USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate am 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag, wie sie an 
diesem 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
 
"Original Benchmark Rate" means the 
USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date as it appears on 
the 
Screen 
Page 
on 
such 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
"USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate" bezeichnet 
hinsichtlich eines Zinsfestlegungstags, die 
von der IBA veröffentlichte USD SOFR ICE 
Swap 
Rate® 
(oder 
eine 
Nachfolgebezeichnung für diesen Satz, die 
von der IBA verwendet wird), die den 
jährlichen 
Mittelsatz 
zum 
Relevanten 
Zeitpunkt an diesem Zinsfestlegungstag für 
USD-Swap Transaktionen mit einer Laufzeit 
von 
[fünf][•] 
Jahren 
und 
einer 
[zwölf][•]monatigen variablen Zinsseite, auf 
der Grundlage von SOFR, nachschüssig 
aufgezinst, repräsentiert. 
 
"USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate" means, on any 
Interest Determination Date, the USD SOFR 
ICE Swap Rate® (or any successor label for 
such rate applied by IBA) published by IBA 
that represents the annual mid rate as of the 
Relevant 
Time 
on 
such 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
for 
USD 
swap 
transactions with a term of [five][●] years 
and a floating leg based on SOFR 
compounded in arrear for [12][●] months. 
"Zinsanpassungstag" bezeichnet den Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag und jeden [fünften][●] 
Jahrestag 
des 
jeweils 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Zinsanpassungstages. 
 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date 
and 
any 
[fifth][●] 
anniversary 
of 
the 
immediately preceding Reset Date. 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf den Referenzsatz, der für den Zeitraum 
von 
einem 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
festzustellen 
ist, 
den 
[[zweiten][●] 
Geschäftstag vor dem] Zinsanpassungstag, 
an dem dieser Zeitraum beginnt (jeder dieser 
Zeiträume, ein "Reset Zeitraum"). 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in 
respect of the Reference Rate to be 
determined in relation to the period from (and 
including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next following Reset Date, the [[second][●] 
Business Day preceding the] Reset Date on 
which such period commences (each of such 
periods, a "Reset Period"). 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. ab 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
(3)  
Benchmark-Ereignis. 
 (3) 
Benchmark Event. 
 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf 
den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt für die Bestimmung des jeweiligen 
Referenzsatzes und die Verzinsung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 3(2) 
Folgendes: 
  
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
relevant 
Reference Rate and the interest on the Notes 
in accordance with § 3(2) will be determined 
as follows:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
(i) 
Wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz eingetreten ist, dann ist 
die Berechnungstelle berechtigt, nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(3)(x) 
definiert), den Anpassungsspread (wie 
in § 3(3)(x) definiert) und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(3)(iv) definiert) festzulegen. 
 
(i) 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
relation to the Original Benchmark 
Rate, then the Calculation Agent may, 
using reasonable discretion, determine 
a New Benchmark Rate (as defined in 
§ 3(3)(x)), the Adjustment Spread (as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(3)(x)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark Amendments (as defined in 
§ 3(3)(iv)). 
(ii) 
Wenn die Berechnungsstelle vor dem 
10. Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmark 
Satz, 
keinen 
Anpassungsspread 
oder 
keine 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(sofern 
erforderlich) gemäß diesem § 3(3) 
festgestellt hat, dann entspricht der 
Referenzsatz für den nächsten Reset 
Zeitraum 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
festgestellten Referenzsatz. 
 
(ii) 
If, prior to the 10th Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent does not 
determine a New Benchmark Rate, any 
Adjustment Spread or any Benchmark 
Amendments 
(if 
required) 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
§ 3(3), 
the 
Reference Rate applicable to the next 
Reset Period shall be the Reference 
Rate determined on the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. 
 
Falls 
dieser 
§ 3(3)(ii) 
an 
dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag in Bezug auf den 
Reset 
Zeitraum, 
der 
am 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
beginnt, 
zur 
Anwendung kommt, entspricht der 
Referenzsatz für diesen ersten Reset 
Zeitraum 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite 
an dem letzten Tag vor diesem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
angezeigt wurde. 
 
 
If this §3(3)(ii) is to be applied on the 
Interest Determination Date in respect 
of the Reset Period, commencing on 
the First Reset Date, the Reference 
Rate applicable to such first Reset 
Period shall be the Original Benchmark 
Rate on the Screen Page on the last 
day 
preceding 
such 
Interest 
Determination Date on which such 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
was 
displayed. 
 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(3)(ii) 
bestimmte 
Ausweichsatz 
zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(3) erneut 
angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für 
den nächsten nachfolgenden Reset 
Zeitraum und, sofern notwendig, für 
weitere nachfolgende Reset Zeiträume 
zu bestimmen. 
 
 
If the fallback rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(3)(ii) is to be 
applied, § 3(3) will be operated again to 
determine 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the next subsequent (and, 
if required, further subsequent) Reset 
Period(s). 
(iii) 
Falls 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in 
its reasonable discretion that: 
(A) 
dass 
es 
einen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue 
Benchmarktsatz; oder 
 
(A) 
there is a Successor Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be the 
New Benchmark Rate; or 
(B) 
dass 
es 
keinen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
aber 
einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue 
Benchmarktsatz. 
 
(B) 
there 
is 
no 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that there is 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
then such Alternative Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
be 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate. 
 
In 
beiden 
Fällen 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz für den unmittelbar nach 
dem 
Stichtag 
beginnenden 
Reset 
Zeitraum und alle folgenden Reset 
 
 
In either case the Reference Rate for 
the Reset Period immediately after the 
Effective Date and all following Reset 
Periods, subject to § 3(3)(ix), will then

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Zeiträume vorbehaltlich § 3(3)(ix) dann 
dem (x) Neuen Benchmarksatz an dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
zuzüglich (y) dem Anpassungsspread. 
be (x) the New Benchmark Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date 
plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Wenn ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und 
der entsprechende Anpassungsspread 
gemäß diesem § 3(3) festgestellt wurde 
und 
wenn 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
feststellt, dass Änderungen hinsichtlich 
dieser Anleihebedingungen notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
des 
entsprechenden Anpassungssspreads 
zu gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, 
die "Benchmark-Änderungen"), dann 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen feststellen. 
 
(iv) 
If any relevant New Benchmark Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
are determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(3), and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), then the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments. 
 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen können 
insbesondere folgende Regelungen 
erfassen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
erfassen: 
 
 
The Benchmark Amendments may 
include, without limitation, the following 
conditions 
of 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions: 
(A) 
den Referenzsatz einschließlich 
der 'Bildschirmseite' und/oder 
der Methode zur Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
Fallback) für den Referenzsatz; 
und/oder 
 
(A) 
the Reference Rate including the 
'Screen Page' and/or the method 
for determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Reference Rate; 
and/or 
(B) 
die Definitionen der Begriffe 
'Geschäftstag', 
'Zinszahlungstag', 'Zinsperiode', 
'Reset 
Zeitraum', 
'Zinstagequotient' 
und/oder 
'Zinsfestlegungstag' 
(einschließlich der Festlegung ob 
der Referenzsatz vorwärts- oder 
rückwärtsgerichtet 
bestimmt 
wird); und/oder 
 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms 
'Business 
Day', 
'Interest 
Payment Date', 'Interest Period', 
'Reset 
Period', 
'Day 
Count 
Fraction' 
and/or 
'Interest 
Determination Date' (including 
the determination whether the 
Reference 
Rate 
will 
be 
determined on a forward looking 
or a backward looking basis); 
and/or 
(C) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß § 4(5). 
 
(C) 
the business day convention in 
§ 4(5). 
(v) 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
den 
Anpassungsspread 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(3) bzw. den Ausweichsatz 
gemäß § 3(3)(ii) der Emittentin, den 
Zahlstellen und gemäß § 11 den 
Gläubigern mitteilen, und zwar sobald 
eine solche Mitteilung (nach Ansicht der 
Berechnungsstelle) 
nach 
deren 
Feststellung erforderlich ist, spätestens 
jedoch an dem 10. Geschäftstag vor 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag. 
Eine solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich 
und hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
 
(v) 
The Calculation Agent will notify any 
New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(3) or the 
fallback 
rate 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3(3)(ii), as the case may be, to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with § 11, the Holders as 
soon as such notification is (in the 
Calculation Agent's view) required 
following the determination thereof, but 
in any event not later than on the 10th 
Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the Effective Date.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz, 
der 
Anpassungsspread 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
bzw. 
der 
Ausweichsatz, 
die 
jeweils 
in 
der 
Mitteilung benannt werden, sind (sofern 
nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen und 
die 
Gläubiger 
bindend. 
Diese 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab dem 
Stichtag 
als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
den 
Anpassungsspread und die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
 
 
The 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
or 
the 
fallback rate, as the case may be, each 
as specified in such notice, will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
These Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been amended by the 
New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the 
Effective Date. 
(vi) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
des 
Anpassungsspread und der etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(3) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestlegungstag, 
der 
auf 
den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage fällt oder 
diesem nachfolgt: 
 
(vi) 
The effective date for the application of 
the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark Amendments determined 
under this § 3(3) (the "Effective Date") 
will be the Interest Determination Date 
falling on or after the earliest of the 
following dates: 
(A) 
der 
Tag 
an 
dem 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt 
wird 
bzw. 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht mehr repräsentativ ist oder 
sein wird, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund von Ziffer (1), 
(2) bzw. (3) der Definition des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause (1), 
(2) or (3) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the 
date 
of 
or 
cessation 
of 
publication 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, the date of the 
discontinuation of the Original 
Benchmark Rate or the date as 
from 
which 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate is or will no 
longer be representative, as the 
case may be; or 
(B) 
der 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund von Ziffer (4) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause (4) 
of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date 
from 
which 
the 
prohibition 
applies; or 
(C) 
der 
Tag 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
Benchmark-Ereignises, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Ziffer[n] (5) [oder 
(6)] der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist. 
 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause[s] 
(5) [or (6)] of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the 
date 
of 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Benchmark Event. 
(vii) 
Eine Anpassung des Referenzsatzes 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(3) 
darf 
nicht 
durchgeführt werden, wenn und soweit 
diese Anpassung dazu führen würde, 
dass die Emittentin berechtigt wäre, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
regulatorischen Gründen gemäß § 5(3) 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
(vii) 
No adjustment to the Reference Rate 
will be made in accordance with this 
§ 3(3) if and to the extent that as a result 
of such adjustment the Issuer were to 
be entitled to redeem the Notes for 
regulatory reasons in accordance with 
§ 5(3).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(viii) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Be-
zug auf einen Neuen Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, gilt dieser § 3(3) entsprechend 
für die Ersetzung des Neuen Bench-
marksatzes durch einen neuen Nach-
folge-Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in diesem § 3 auf den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Bench-
marksatz" als Bezugnahme auf den 
zuletzt verwendeten Neuen Bench-
marksatz. 
 
(viii) If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to any New Benchmark Rate, § 3(3) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
replacement of such New Benchmark 
Rate 
by 
any 
new 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. 
In this case, any reference in this § 3 to 
the term "Original Benchmark Rate" 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the New Benchmark Rate that last 
applied. 
(ix) 
In 
diesem 
§ 3 
schließt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
gegebenenfalls 
auch 
eine 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
eine 
etwaige 
Teilkomponente des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes ein, wenn in Bezug 
auf 
diese 
Teilkomponente 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist. 
 
(ix) 
Any reference in this § 3 to the term 
"Original Benchmark Rate" shall be 
deemed to include a reference to any 
component part thereof, if any, in 
respect of which a Benchmark Event 
has occurred. 
(x) 
Zur Verwendung in § 3(3): 
 
(x) 
As used in this § 3(3): 
 
Der "Anpassungsspread", der positiv, 
negativ oder gleich null sein kann, wird 
in 
Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und 
bezeichnet entweder (a) den Spread 
oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der 
Formel 
oder 
Methode 
zur 
Berechnung des Spread, die 
 
 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may 
be positive, negative or zero, will be 
expressed in basis points and means 
either (a) the spread, or (b) the result of 
the operation of the 
formula or 
methodology for calculating the spread, 
which 
(1) 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
formell 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz vom 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to the 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
with 
the 
Successor Benchmark Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
(2) 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
gemäß 
Ziffer (1) 
abgegeben 
wurde 
oder 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise 
an 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten auf den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
angewendet wird, um einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
zu erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle nach billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden; oder 
 
(2) 
(if no recommendation pursuant 
to clause (1) has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate) is applied to 
the New Benchmark Rate in 
international debt capital markets 
to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement benchmark rate for 
the Original Benchmark Rate, 
provided that all determinations 
will be made by the Calculation 
Agent 
in 
its 
reasonable 
discretion; or 
(3) 
(sofern die Berechnungsstelle 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
feststellt, 
dass 
kein 
solcher 
Spread 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird und dass das 
 
(3) 
(if the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable 
discretion 
determines that no such spread 
is customarily applied and that 
the 
following 
would 
be

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Folgende 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen 
ist) 
als 
industrieweiter 
Standard 
für 
Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, die sich 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
beziehen, 
anerkannt oder bestätigt ist, 
wenn 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
durch 
den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz ersetzt 
worden ist, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle nach billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden. 
appropriate for the Notes) is 
recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter 
derivative 
transactions which reference the 
Original Benchmark Rate, where 
the Original Benchmark Rate has 
been replaced by the New 
Benchmark Rate, provided that 
all determinations will be made 
by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
Falls 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
einen 
solchen 
Anpassungsspread 
nicht 
feststellt, 
dann 
ist 
der 
Anpassungsspread gleich null. 
 
If the Calculation Agent does not 
determine such Adjustment Spread, 
then the Adjustment Spread will be 
zero. 
 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet eine alternative Benchmark 
oder einen alternativen Bildschirmsatz, 
die bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten 
zur Bestimmung von Zinssätzen in der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
angewendet 
wird, wobei sämtliche Feststellungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden. 
 
 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means 
an 
alternative 
benchmark 
or 
an 
alternative 
screen 
rate 
which 
is 
customarily applied in international debt 
capital markets for the purpose of 
determining rates of interest in the 
Specified Currency, provided that all 
determinations will be made by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion. 
 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn: 
 
 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(1) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch oder im 
Namen der für den Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde vorgenommen 
wird, aus der hervorgeht, dass 
dieser 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass es zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen 
Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
 
(1) 
a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of 
the regulatory supervisor of the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator is made, stating 
that 
said 
administrator 
has 
ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(2) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch oder im 
Namen des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
 
(2) 
a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator is made, stating 
that 
said 
administrator 
has

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, die besagt, 
dass 
der 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass es zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen 
Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(3) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch 
oder 
im 
Namen 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes veröffentlicht 
wird, wonach der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
ihrer 
Ansicht 
nach nicht mehr repräsentativ für 
den zugrunde liegenden Markt, 
den er zu messen vorgibt, ist 
oder sein wird, und keine von der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
geforderten 
Maßnahmen zur Behebung einer 
solchen 
Situation 
ergriffen 
worden sind oder zu erwarten 
sind; oder 
 
(3) 
a public statement by or on 
behalf 
of 
the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is 
made that, in its view, the 
Original Benchmark Rate is no 
longer representative, or will no 
longer be representative, of the 
underlying market it purports to 
measure 
and 
no 
action 
to 
remediate such a situation is 
taken or expected to be taken as 
required by the supervisor of the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator; or 
(4) 
die 
Verwendung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
aus 
irgendeinem Grund nach einem 
Gesetz oder einer Verordnung, 
die in Bezug auf die Emittentin 
anwendbar 
ist, 
rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder 
 
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, 
unlawful 
under any law or 
regulation 
applicable 
to 
the 
Issuer 
to 
use 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(5) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ohne vorherige 
offizielle Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige Behörde oder den 
Administrator 
dauerhaft 
nicht 
mehr veröffentlicht wird[; oder][.] 
 
(5) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is 
permanently no longer published 
without 
a 
previous 
official 
announcement by the competent 
authority or the administrator[; 
or][.] 
[Falls eine wesentliche Änderung 
der Methodologie des Ursprüng-
lichen 
Benchmark-satzes 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis sein soll, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
(6) 
eine wesentliche Änderung der 
Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird.] 
 
[If a material change to the Original 
Benchmark Rate methodology is to 
be a Benchmark Event, the following 
applies: 
(6) 
material change is made to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
methodology.]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell durch 
das Nominierungsgremium empfohlen 
wurde. 
 
 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means 
a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet 
den jeweils gemäß § 3(3) bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
 
 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the 
Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the 
case 
may 
be, 
the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 3(3). 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf die Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, 
in respect of the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate: 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung 
in der die Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt wird 
oder 
eine 
Zentralbank 
oder 
andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die Aufsicht des Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist; 
oder 
 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or 
screen 
rate 
(as 
applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden 
Ausschuss 
gefördert 
durch, 
geführt oder mitgeführt von oder 
gebildet von (I) der Zentralbank 
für die Währung in der die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt wird, 
(II) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, die 
für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators der Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (III) einer Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (IV) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) 
oder 
Teilen 
davon.] 
 
(2) 
any working group or committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (I) the central bank for 
the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) 
relates, 
(II) 
any 
central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (III) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities or 
(IV) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.] 
(4) 
Zinsbetrag. Unverzüglich nach Bestimmung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
bestimmen 
und 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag 
in Bezug auf den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
(vorbehaltlich § 3(8)) (der "Zinsbetrag") für 
die entsprechenden Zinsperioden bis zum 
nächsten Zinsanpassungstag berechnen. Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinstagequotient 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
auf 
den 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag 
angewendet werden. Der resultierende Betrag 
wird auf die kleinste Unter-Einheit der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, 
wobei 
0,5 
solcher 
Unter-Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden. 
 (4) 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, 
without undue delay after the determination of 
the Reference Rate, determine the applicable 
Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on 
the Notes in respect of the Current Nominal 
Amount (subject to § 3(8)) for the relevant 
Interest Periods until the next Reset Date. 
Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and the Day 
Count Fraction (subject to § 3(8)) to the 
Current Nominal Amount and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such sub-units 
being rounded upwards.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Im Falle einer Herabschreibung nach § 5(9)(b) 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen für die 
gesamte betreffende Zinsperiode, in welcher 
diese Herabschreibung erfolgt, jeweils nur 
bezogen auf den dann Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
verzinst, der entsprechend reduziert wurde, 
wobei eine etwaige an dem Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß § 5(9)(c) erfolgende Hochschreibung 
für diese Zinsperiode unberücksichtigt bleibt 
und sich erst ab der Zinsperiode auswirkt, die 
an dem Zinszahlungstag beginnt, zu welchem 
die Hochschreibung erfolgt. 
  
In the event of a write-down pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(b), each of the Notes shall for the full 
respective Interest Period in which such write-
down occurs only bear interest on the then 
Current Nominal Amount which has been 
reduced accordingly; a potential write-up 
pursuant to § 5(9)(c) which may occur on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date will not be 
taken into account for such Interest Period 
and will only become effective from the 
Interest Period commencing on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the write-up occurs. 
 
"Aktueller Nennbetrag" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung: 
(i) am 
Begebungstag 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrag und (ii) anschließend ihren ggf. 
um 
Herabschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
verminderten 
(soweit 
nicht 
durch 
Hochschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(c) 
kompensiert) ausstehenden Nennbetrag. 
  
"Current Nominal Amount" means, with 
respect to any Note: (i) at the date of the issue, 
the Original Nominal Amount of such Note and 
(ii) thereafter, the then outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note as reduced by any write-
downs pursuant to § 5(9)(b) (to the extent not 
made up for by write-ups pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(c)). 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick 
auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum")  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of 
the calculation of an Interest Amount on the 
Notes for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period")  
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der folgenden Formel: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
 
wobei: 
 
where: 
"ZTQ" ist der Zinstagequotient; 
 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, 
in 
den 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as 
number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf 
den 
letzten 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, 
es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist 
größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist. 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
ZTQ
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
DCF
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 121 ---
121 
(5)  
Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinsbetrag 
für 
die 
Zinsperioden 
bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag der (i) Emittentin, der 
Zahlstelle und den Gläubigern gemäß § 11 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als am 
vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
Geschäftstag und (ii) jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn 
der 
Zinsperiode, 
für 
die 
der 
betreffende Zinssatz und der betreffende 
Zinsbetrag gilt, mitgeteilt werden. 
 (5) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount for 
the Interest Periods up to the next Reset Date 
to be notified (i) to the Issuer, to the Paying 
Agent and to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 11 as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter and (ii), if 
required by the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are listed from time to time 
at the request of the Issuer, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the 
first day of the Interest Period in relation to 
which the relevant Rate of Interest and the 
relevant Interest Amount apply. 
(6)  
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, 
abgegeben, 
getroffen 
oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein 
offensichtlicher 
Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, die Zahlstelle und die Gläubiger 
bindend. 
 (6) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes 
of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent 
and the Holders. 
(7)  
Auflaufende 
Zinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Beginn des 
Tages, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig 
werden. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, ist der Aktuelle Nennbetrag jeder 
Schuldverschreibung vom Tag der Fälligkeit 
an 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in 
Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Zinssatzes 
für Verzugszinsen1 zu verzinsen. 
 (7) 
Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the beginning of the day on 
which they become due for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to make the relevant redemption 
payment under the Notes when due, each of 
the Notes will bear interest on its Current 
Nominal Amount from (and including) the due 
date to (but excluding) the day of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the statutory 
default rate of interest2. 
(8)  
Ausschluss der Zinszahlung. 
 (8) 
Cancellation of Interest Payment. 
(a)  
Die Emittentin hat das Recht, jederzeit die 
Zinszahlung nach freiem Ermessen ganz oder 
teilweise entfallen zu lassen. Sie teilt den 
Gläubigern unverzüglich, spätestens jedoch 
am betreffenden Zinszahlungstag gemäß § 11 
mit, wenn sie von diesem Recht Gebrauch 
macht. Ein Unterlassen der Benachrichtigung 
der Gläubiger berührt nicht die Wirksamkeit 
der Entscheidung über das Entfallen der 
Zinszahlungen, führt in keinem Fall zu einer 
Pflicht 
der 
Emittentin, 
eine 
entfallene 
Zinszahlung zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt 
nachzuholen, und stellt in keinem Fall eine 
Pflichtverletzung 
dar. 
Eine 
bis 
zum 
betreffenden Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
 (a) 
The Issuer has the right to cancel all or part of 
any payment of interest in its sole discretion 
and at any time. If the Issuer exercises such 
right, it shall give notice to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 without undue delay but 
no later than on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. Any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the decision on the 
cancellation, shall in no event result in an 
obligation of the Issuer to make a cancelled 
interest payment at a later date and shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. A notice 
which has not been given until the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be given without 
undue delay thereafter. 
 
1  
Der gesetzliche Zinssatz für Verzugszinsen liegt fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils veröffentlichten 
Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB). / The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage 
points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Benachrichtigung 
ist 
unverzüglich 
nachzuholen. 
(b)  
Eine 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ist für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode ausgeschlossen und entfällt 
(ohne 
Einschränkung 
des 
Rechts 
der 
Emittentin nach § 3(8)(a)): 
 (b) 
Payment of interest on the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be excluded and 
cancelled (without prejudice to the right of the 
Issuer pursuant to § 3(8)(a)): 
(i)  
soweit 
eine 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
zusammen mit 
 
(i) 
to the extent that such payment of 
interest together with 
(1) dem 
Betrag 
einer 
etwaigen 
Hochschreibung nach § 5(9)(c), die 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt 
werden soll,  
 
(1) the amount of a write-up, if any, in 
accordance with § 5(9)(c) to be 
effected as of the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, 
(2)  den an dem selben Tag geplanten 
oder erfolgenden und den in dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin bereits erfolgten weiteren 
Ausschüttungen 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) 
definiert) 
auf 
andere 
Kernkapitalinstrumente 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) definiert) und  
 
(2) any additional Distributions (as 
defined in § 3(9)) that are scheduled 
to be made or have been made on 
the same day or that have been 
made by the Issuer on other Tier 1 
Instruments (as defined in § 3(9)) in 
the then current financial year of the 
Issuer and 
(3) dem 
Gesamtbetrag 
etwaiger 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
andere 
AT1 Instrumente, 
die 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden sollen oder in 
dem laufenden Geschäftsjahr der 
Emittentin durchgeführt wurden 
 
(3) the total amount of write-ups, if any, 
on any other AT1 Instruments which 
shall be effected as of the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or have been 
effected in the then current financial 
year of the Issuer 
 
die Ausschüttungsfähigen Posten (wie 
in § 3(9) definiert) übersteigen würde, 
wobei 
die 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten für diesen Zweck um einen 
Betrag erhöht werden, der bereits als 
Aufwand für Ausschüttungen in Bezug 
auf 
Kernkapitalinstrumente 
(zur 
Klarstellung: 
einschließlich 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen) 
in 
die 
Ermittlung des Gewinns, der den 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
zugrunde liegt, eingegangen ist; oder 
 
 
would 
exceed 
the 
Available 
Distributable Items (as defined in 
§ 3(9)), provided that, for such purpose, 
the Available Distributable Items shall 
be increased by an amount equal to 
what has been accounted for as 
expenses for Distributions in respect of 
Tier 1 Instruments (for the avoidance of 
doubt, including payments of interest on 
the Notes) in the determination of the 
profit 
on 
which 
the 
Available 
Distributable Items are based; or 
(ii)  
wenn und soweit eine zuständige 
Behörde 
anordnet, 
dass 
diese 
Zinszahlung insgesamt oder teilweise 
entfällt, oder ein anderes gesetzliches 
oder 
behördliches 
Ausschüttungsverbot oder irgendeine 
andere 
Beschränkung 
von 
Ausschüttungen 
unter 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften besteht (einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, 
der 
Berechnung und der Einhaltung des 
Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrags sowie anderer, nach den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
 
(ii) 
if and to the extent that a competent 
authority orders that all or part of the 
relevant 
payment 
of 
interest 
be 
cancelled or another prohibition of 
Distributions is imposed by law or an 
authority or any other restriction to 
make Distributions exists under the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations 
(including, but not limited to, the 
calculation of, and the compliance with, 
the Maximum Distributable Amount as 
well as other maximum amounts that 
may 
apply 
to 
distributions 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations); or

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Vorschriften für Ausschüttungen zu 
beachtender Höchstbeträge); oder 
(iii) 
wenn die Emittentin am betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag überschuldet im Sinne 
von § 19 InsO oder zahlungsunfähig im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO ist oder soweit 
diese 
Zinszahlung 
zu 
einer 
Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin 
führen würde. 
 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is over-indebted within the 
meaning of § 19 InsO or illiquid within 
the meaning of § 17 InsO on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or to the 
extent that the relevant payment of 
interest would result in an over-
indebtedness or illiquidity of the Issuer. 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
teilt 
den 
Gläubigern 
unverzüglich, 
spätestens 
jedoch 
am 
betreffenden Zinszahlungstag gemäß § 11 
mit, wenn und in welcher Höhe eine 
Zinszahlung nach § 3(8)(b) ausgeschlossen 
ist 
und 
entfällt. 
Ein 
Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung der Gläubiger berührt nicht 
die 
Wirksamkeit 
des 
Ausfalls 
der 
Zinszahlungen und stellt in keinem Fall eine 
Pflichtverletzung 
dar. 
Eine 
bis 
zum 
betreffenden Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Benachrichtigung 
ist 
unverzüglich 
nachzuholen. 
  
The Issuer shall give notice to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 without undue delay but 
no later than on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date if, and to the extent, a payment of interest 
is excluded and cancelled pursuant to 
§ 3(8)(b). Any failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the cancellation and 
shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
A notice which has not been given until the 
relevant Interest Payment Date shall be given 
without undue delay thereafter. 
(c)  
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die Mittel aus 
entfallenen Zinszahlungen uneingeschränkt 
zur Erfüllung ihrer eigenen Verpflichtungen 
bei deren Fälligkeit zu nutzen. Soweit 
Zinszahlungen 
entfallen, 
schließt 
dies 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen 
Beträge (wie in § 7(1) definiert) ein. Entfallene 
Zinszahlungen werden nicht nachgezahlt. 
 (c) 
The Issuer is entitled to use the funds from 
cancelled 
payments 
of 
interest 
without 
restrictions for the fulfilment of its own 
obligations when due. To the extent that 
payments of interest are cancelled, such 
cancellation includes all Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7(1)) payable pursuant to § 7. 
Any payments of interest which have been 
cancelled will not be made at any later date. 
(d) 
Das Entfallen von Zinszahlungen stellt in 
keinem Fall eine Pflichtverletzung dar. 
 (d) 
The cancellation of interest payment shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. 
(9)  
Bestimmte Definitionen. 
 (9) 
Certain Definitions. 
"Abwicklungsbehörde" 
bezeichnet 
die 
zuständige 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
gemäß 
Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 130 CRR. 
 
"Resolution 
Authority" 
means 
the 
competent resolution authority pursuant to 
Article 4(1) no. 130 CRR. 
"Anwendbare 
Aufsichtsrechtliche 
Vor-
schriften" bezeichnet die jeweils gültigen, 
sich 
auf 
die 
Kapitalanforderungen, 
die 
Solvabilität, andere Aufsichtsanforderungen 
und/oder Abwicklung der Emittentin und/oder 
der 
Institutsgruppe 
der 
Emittentin, 
beziehenden 
Vorschriften 
des 
Bankaufsichtsrechts 
und 
der 
darunter 
fallenden 
Verordnungen 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch nicht ausschließlich, der jeweils 
geltenden Leitlinien und Empfehlungen der 
Europäischen 
Bankaufsichtsbehörde, 
der 
Zuständigen 
Behörde 
und/oder 
der 
Abwicklungsbehörde, 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank, der Verwaltungspraxis einer 
solchen oder einer sonstigen zuständigen 
Behörde, den einschlägigen Entscheidungen 
der 
Gerichte 
und 
den 
anwendbaren 
Übergangsbestimmungen). 
 
"Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations" 
means the provisions of bank supervisory 
laws and any regulations and other rules 
thereunder applicable from time to time 
(including, but not limited to, the guidelines 
and recommendations of the European 
Banking Authority and/or the European 
Central Bank, the Competent Authority and/or 
the Resolution Authority, the administrative 
practice of such or any other competent 
authority, any applicable decision of a court 
and any applicable transitional provisions) 
relating to capital adequacy, solvency, other 
prudential requirements and/or resolution and 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Issuer's 
Regulatory Group from time to time.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
"Ausschüttung" bezeichnet jede Art der 
Auszahlung von Dividenden oder Zinsen. 
 
"Distribution" means any kind of payment of 
dividends or interest. 
"Ausschüttungsfähige Posten" bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinszahlung 
die 
ausschüttungsfähigen Posten wie in Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nr. 128 CRR definiert; zum Zeitpunkt 
der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet dieser Begriff den Gewinn am 
Ende des dem betreffenden Zinszahlungstag 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftsjahres 
der 
Emittentin, 
für 
das 
ein 
testierter 
Jahresabschluss vorliegt, zuzüglich etwaiger 
vorgetragener Gewinne und für diesen Zweck 
verfügbarer Rücklagen, vor der Ausschüttung 
an die Eigner von Eigenmittelinstrumenten, 
jedoch abzüglich vorgetragener Verluste und 
gemäß anwendbarer Rechtsvorschriften der 
Europäischen Union oder Deutschlands oder 
der 
Satzung 
der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ausschüttungsfähiger Gewinne und in die 
gemäß 
anwendbarer 
Rechtsvorschriften 
Deutschlands oder der Satzung der Emittentin 
nicht 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Rücklagen 
eingestellter Beträge, jeweils in Bezug auf die 
spezifische 
Eigenmittelkategorie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen als AT1 Instrumente, 
auf 
die 
sich 
die 
anwendbaren 
Rechtsvorschriften der Europäischen Union 
oder Deutschlands oder die Satzung der 
Emittentin 
beziehen, 
wobei 
die 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
und 
die 
betreffenden 
Gewinne, 
Verluste 
und 
Rücklagen 
ausgehend 
von 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss 
der 
Emittentin und nicht auf der Basis des 
Konzernabschlusses festgestellt werden. 
 
"Available Distributable Items" means, with 
respect to any payment of interest, the 
distributable items as defined in Article 4(1) 
no. 128 CRR; at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes, such term refers to the profit as of 
the end of the financial year of the Issuer 
immediately preceding the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, for which audited annual 
financial statements are available, plus any 
profits brought forward and reserves available 
for that purpose before distributions to holders 
of own funds instruments less any losses 
brought forward and any profits which are 
non-distributable pursuant to the applicable 
laws of the European Union or Germany or the 
Articles of Association of the Issuer and any 
sums placed to non-distributable reserves in 
accordance with the applicable laws of 
Germany or the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer, in each case with respect to the 
specific category of own funds of the Notes as 
AT1 Instruments to which the applicable laws 
of the European Union or Germany or the 
Articles of Associations of the Issuer relate, 
provided that the distributable items and the 
relevant profits, losses and reserves shall be 
determined on the basis of the unconsolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with German commercial law and 
not on the basis of its consolidated financial 
statements. 
Die Ausschüttungsfähigen Posten sind jeweils 
nach 
den 
dann 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
zu 
bestimmen; entsprechend sind nur solche 
Beträge hinzuzurechnen oder abzuziehen, 
wie 
sie 
nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften für diesen 
Zweck oder für die Ermittlung der auf 
AT1 Instrumente 
ausschüttbaren 
Beträge 
hinzugerechnet 
werden 
dürfen 
bzw. 
abzuziehen sind. 
 
The 
determination 
of 
the 
Available 
Distributable Items shall be based on the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the 
time of the determination and, accordingly, 
only those amounts shall be added or 
deducted that may be added or have to be 
deducted (as the case may be) for purposes 
of determining the amounts distributable on 
AT1 
Instruments 
under 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations. 
 
"CRD" bezeichnet die Richtlinie 2013/36/EU 
in der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der CRD 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich 
der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRD in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
  
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU as 
amended or replaced from time to time; to the 
extent that any provisions of the CRD are 
amended or replaced, the reference to 
provisions of the CRD as used in these Terms 
and Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from time 
to time. 
"Institutsgruppe der Emittentin" bezeichnet 
jeweils 
jede 
Bankengruppe 
mit 
einem 
Mutterinstitut und/oder jede Bankengruppe 
mit einer Mutterfinanzholdinggesellschaft, (i) 
der die Emittentin angehört und (ii) für die die 
 
"Issuer's Regulatory Group" means, from 
time to time, any banking group with a parent 
institution and/or any banking group with a 
parent financial holding company: (i) to which 
the Issuer belongs; and (ii) to which the own

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Eigenmittelanforderungen auf konsolidierter 
Basis 
aufgrund 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Konsolidierung gemäß den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften gelten. 
funds requirements on a consolidated basis 
due to prudential consolidation in accordance 
with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
apply. 
"Kernkapitalinstrumente" 
bezeichnet 
Kapitalinstrumente, die im Sinne der CRR zu 
den Instrumenten des harten Kernkapitals 
oder zu den AT1 Instrumenten zählen. 
 
"Tier 
1 
Instruments" 
means 
capital 
instruments which, according to the CRR, 
qualify as common equity tier 1 capital or AT1 
Instruments. 
"Maximal Ausschüttungsfähiger Betrag" 
bezeichnet den nach § 10 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Nr. 5 
e) KWG i.V.m. § 37 SolvV ermittelten maximal 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrag 
für 
die 
kombinierte Kapitalpufferanforderung nach 
§ 10i KWG. 
  
"Maximum Distributable Amount" means 
the 
maximum 
distributable 
amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 10(1) 
sentence 1 no. 5 (e) KWG in connection with 
§ 37 SolvV for the combined capital buffer 
requirement in accordance with § 10i KWG. 
"SolvV" bezeichnet die Verordnung zur 
angemessenen Eigenmittelausstattung von 
Instituten, Institutsgruppen, Finanzholding-
Gruppen und gemischten Finanzholding-
Gruppen (Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), in 
der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der SolvV 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich 
der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der SolvV in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
 
"SolvV" means the regulation on the capital 
adequacy of institutions, groups of institutions, 
financial holding groups and mixed financial 
holding groups (Solvabilitätsverordnung – 
SolvV), as amended or replaced from time to 
time; to the extent that any provisions of the 
SolvV are amended or replaced, the reference 
to provisions of the SolvV as used in these 
Terms and Conditions shall refer to such 
amended provisions or successor provisions 
from time to time. 
"SSM-Verordnung" bezeichnet Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 1024/2013 in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert oder ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen 
der SSM-Verordnung geändert oder ersetzt 
werden, bezieht sich der Verweis auf 
Bestimmungen 
der 
SSM-Verordnung 
in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
 
"SSM Regulation" means the Regulation 
(EU) No 1024/2013, as amended or replaced 
from time to time, and any references to 
relevant provisions of the SSM Regulation in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
include 
references to any applicable provisions of law 
amending or replacing such provisions from 
time to time. 
"Zuständige 
Behörde" 
bezeichnet 
die 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde gemäß Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nr. 40 CRR und/oder Artikel 9 
Absatz 1 
SSM-Verordnung, 
die 
für 
die 
Beaufsichtigung 
des 
Emittenten 
auf 
individueller und/oder konsolidierter Basis 
zuständig ist. 
 
"Competent 
Authority" 
means 
the 
competent supervisory authority pursuant to 
Article 4(1) no. 40 CRR and/or Article 9(1) 
SSM Regulation, as applicable to the Issuer, 
which is responsible to supervise the Issuer 
on an individual basis and/or consolidated 
basis. 
§ 4 
Zahlungen 
 
§ 4 
Payments 
(1)  
Allgemeines. 
 (1) 
General. 
(a)  
Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital 
in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
§ 4(2) an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten.  
 (a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in 
accordance with § 4(2) below to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
(b)  
Zahlungen von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4(2) an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
 (b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made in accordance with § 4(2) 
below to the Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the relevant account

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
holders of the Clearing System outside the 
United States. 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4(2) an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note shall be made in 
accordance with § 4(2) below to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in 
§ 1(3)(b). 
(2)  
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Währung. 
 (2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
(3)  
Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des § 1(3) 
und des § 4(1) bezeichnet "Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des 
District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 (3) 
United States. For purposes of § 1(3) and 
§ 4(1), "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4)  
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
 (4) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
(5)  
Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zins in Bezug auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag ist, dann haben die 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächsten Geschäftstag und sind nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verschiebung zu 
verlangen. 
 (5) 
Payment Day. If the date for payment of any 
principal or interest in respect of any Note is 
not a Business Day then the Holders shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der CMT-Satz ist, 
einfügen: 
 [If the Reference Rate is CMT Rate, insert: 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem sowie Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in New York Zahlungen in der 
Festgelegten Währung abwickeln sowie alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolgesystem (T2) offen sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
"Business Day" means any day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System and commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in New York settle 
payments in the Specified Currency as well 
as all relevant parts of the real-time gross 
settlement 
system 
operated 
by 
the 
Eurosystem or any successor system (T2) 
are open to effect payments.] 
(6) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Aktuellen Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie sonstige auf 
oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
 (6) 
References 
to 
Principal 
and 
Interest. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, the 
following amounts: the Current Nominal 
Amount of the Notes and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of 
the Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7(1) definiert) 
ein. 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable 
under § 7 (as defined in § 7(1)). 
(7)  
Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge 
zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
sich 
nicht 
in 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
jeweiligen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die 
Emittentin. 
 (7) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court in Frankfurt 
am Main amounts of interest or principal not 
claimed by the Holders within twelve months 
after the due date, even though such Holders 
may not be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that such deposit 
is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
Rückzahlung; Herabschreibungen; 
Hochschreibungen 
 
§ 5 
Redemption; Write-downs; Write-ups 
(1)  
Keine 
Endfälligkeit. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
haben 
keinen 
Endfälligkeitstag. 
 (1) 
No Scheduled Maturity. The Notes have no 
scheduled maturity date. 
(2)  
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. Die 
Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
vorbehaltlich der vorherigen Zustimmung der 
Zuständigen Behörde und gemäß § 5(6), zu 
jedem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) kündigen und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) definiert) 
zuzüglich (vorbehaltlich eines Ausschlusses 
der Zinszahlung nach § 3(8)) bis zu dem 
betreffenden Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen.  
 (2) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. The 
Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, at any time, subject to the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority and in 
accordance with § 5(6), with effect as of any 
Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) 
at their Redemption Amount (as defined in 
§ 5(7)) together with interest (if any, and 
subject to a cancellation of the interest 
payment pursuant to § 3(8)) accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. 
"Optionaler Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet  
 
"Optional Redemption Date" means  
[(i) 
jeden 
Geschäftstag 
während 
des 
Zeitraums ab dem [Tag einfügen, der 
frühestens 5 Jahre nach dem Tag der 
Begebung liegt] (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich);] 
[(i) 
each Business Day during the period 
from (and including) [insert date 
falling no earlier than 5 years after 
the issue date] to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date;]  
[(ii)][(i)] den Ersten Zinsanpassungstag; und 
[(ii)][(i)] the First Reset Date; and 
[(iii)][(ii)] jeden 
auf 
den 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag folgenden [Zins-
zahlungstag][Zinsanpassungstag]. 
[(iii)][(ii)] each [Interest Payment Date][Reset 
Date] following the First Reset Date. 
(3)  
Rückzahlung aus regulatorischen Gründen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, mit der vorherigen 
Zustimmung der Zuständigen Behörde und 
gemäß § 5(6) kündigen und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich (vorbehaltlich 
eines Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) bis zu dem für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag (der ein Geschäftstag sein 
muss) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzahlen, falls sich die aufsichtsrechtliche 
 (3) 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. The 
Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, with the prior permission 
of the Competent Authority and in accordance 
with § 5(6), at their Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any, subject to a 
cancellation of interest payment pursuant to 
§ 3(8)) accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption (which must be a 
Business Day), if there is a change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes that 
would be likely to result in (i) their exclusion in

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Einstufung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert, was wahrscheinlich zu (i) ihrem 
vollständigen oder teilweisen Ausschluss von 
den Eigenmitteln der Emittentin im Sinne der 
CRR oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel 
geringerer 
Qualität 
als 
am 
Begebungstag führen würde, vorausgesetzt, 
dass bei einer Rückzahlung vor dem fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen die Bedingungen in 
Artikel 78 Absatz 4(a) CRR erfüllt sind, nach 
denen die Zuständige Behörde eine solche 
Rückzahlung nur gestatten kann, wenn (i) sie 
es für ausreichend sicher hält, dass eine 
Änderung der aufsichtsrechtlichen Einstufung 
stattfindet 
und 
(ii) die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend nachgewiesen hat, dass die 
aufsichtsrechtliche 
Neueinstufung 
am 
Begebungstag nicht vorherzusehen war.  
full or in part from the Issuer's own funds 
under the CRR or (ii) a reclassification as a 
lower quality form of the Issuer's own funds as 
of the issue date, provided that in respect of a 
redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
issue date of the Notes the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(a) CRR are met, pursuant to 
which the Competent Authority may approve 
such redemption only if (i) it considers the 
change in the regulatory classification to be 
sufficiently 
certain 
and 
(ii) the 
Issuer 
demonstrated to its satisfaction that the 
regulatory reclassification of the Notes was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the issue date.  
 
Zur Klarstellung: Der 
vollständige 
oder 
teilweise Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
infolge einer Herabschreibung nach § 5(9)(b) 
begründet kein Kündigungsrecht nach § 5(3). 
  
For the avoidance of doubt: The exclusion in 
full or in part from the own funds due to a write-
down pursuant to § 5(9)(b) does not constitute 
a right to redeem under § 5(3). 
(4)  
Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die 
Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen 
jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
der vorherigen Zustimmung der Zuständigen 
Behörde und gemäß § 5(6) kündigen und zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
(vorbehaltlich 
eines 
Ausschlusses 
der 
Zinszahlung nach § 3(8)) bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (der ein 
Geschäftstag sein muss) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen, falls sich 
die 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Folge einer nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
eingetretenen 
Rechts- 
oder 
Rechtsprechungsänderung, 
einschließlich (jedoch nicht ausschließlich) 
einer 
Änderung 
von 
steuerrechtlichen 
Gesetzen, 
Regelungen 
oder 
Verfahrensweisen, 
ändert 
(insbesondere, 
jedoch nicht ausschließlich, im Hinblick auf die 
steuerliche Abzugsfähigkeit der unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsen 
oder die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7(1) definiert)) 
und, bei einer Rückzahlung vor dem fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, die Bedingungen in 
Artikel 78 Absatz 4(b) CRR erfüllt sind, nach 
denen die Zuständige Behörde eine solche 
Rückzahlung nur gestatten kann, wenn sich 
die geltende steuerliche Behandlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert 
und 
die 
Emittentin ihr hinreichend nachgewiesen hat, 
dass 
die 
Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
wesentlich 
ist 
und 
am 
Begebungstag nicht vorherzusehen war.  
 (4) 
Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. The 
Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, with the prior permission 
of the Competent Authority and in accordance 
with § 5(6), at their Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any, and subject to a 
cancellation of the interest payment pursuant 
to § 3(8)) accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption (which must be a 
Business Day), if the tax treatment of the 
Notes, due to a change in applicable 
legislation or relevant jurisprudence, including 
(but not limited to) a change in any fiscal 
legislation, rules or practices, which takes 
effect after the Interest Commencement Date, 
changes (including but not limited to the tax 
deductibility of interest payable on the Notes 
or the obligation to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7(1))) and, in respect of a 
redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
issue date of the Notes, the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(b) CRR are met, pursuant to 
which the Competent Authority may approve 
such redemption only if there is a change in 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes 
which 
the 
Issuer 
demonstrated 
to 
its 
satisfaction 
is 
material 
and 
was 
not 
reasonably foreseeable at the issue date.  
 
Eine Änderung der steuerlichen Behandlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen, die zu einem 
  
Any changes in the tax treatment of the Notes 
resulting in a withholding or deduction of taxes

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern auf die auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge 
führt, 
die 
jedoch 
zu 
keiner 
Verpflichtung der Emittentin zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7(1) definiert) 
führt, begründet kein Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
diesem § 5(4). 
on amounts payable in respect of the Notes 
which, however, do not create an obligation of 
the Issuer to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7(1)), will not constitute a reason 
to call the Notes for redemption pursuant to 
this § 5(4). 
(5)  
Rückzahlung bei geringem ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
in 
der 
Kündigung genannten Tag ingesamt, jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
mit 
der 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung der Zuständigen Behörde und 
gemäß § 5(6) kündigen und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich (vorbehaltlich 
eines Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) 
bis 
zum 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen, wenn zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt [75][●]% oder mehr 
des Gesamtnennbetrags der ursprünglich 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ein-
schließlich aller gemäß § 10(1) zusätzlich 
begebenen Schuldverschreibungen) von der 
Emittentin 
zurückgekauft 
und 
entwertet 
wurden. 
 (5) 
Redemption 
for 
Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount. The Issuer may, 
on the date of redemption specified in the 
redemption notice, with the prior permission of 
the Competent Authority and in accordance 
with § 5(6), redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes at their Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any, and subject to a 
cancellation of the interest payment pursuant 
to § 3(8)) accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption if at any time [75][●] per 
cent or more of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes originally issued 
(including any Notes additionally issued in 
accordance 
with 
§ 10(1)) 
have 
been 
repurchased by the Issuer and cancelled.  
(6) 
Einholung der Zustimmung der Behörde, 
Kündigungserklärung, 
Rückzahlung/Rückkauf und Rückzahlungs- 
und Rückkaufbedingungen. 
 (6) 
Obtaining 
of 
Permission 
of 
Competent 
Authority, 
Redemption 
Notice, 
Redemption/Repurchase and Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase. 
(a) 
Im Falle einer Kündigung nach § 5(2), § 5(3), 
§ 5(4) und § 5(5) oder eines Rückkaufs nach 
§ 10(2) ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, die 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
der 
Zuständigen 
Behörde gemäß Artikel 78 CRR einzuholen. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
setzt 
eine 
Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 78 CRR voraus, 
dass eine der folgenden Bedingungen erfüllt 
ist:  
 (a) 
In the event of a redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to § 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) or § 5(5) or 
any repurchase of the Notes pursuant to 
§ 10(2) the Issuer is required to obtain prior 
permission of the Competent Authority in 
accordance with Article 78 CRR. At the time of 
the issuance of the Notes, permission 
pursuant to Article 78 CRR requires that either 
of the following conditions is met: 
(i)  
die 
Emittentin 
ersetzt 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
oder 
gleichzeitig mit der Rückzahlung oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest 
gleicher Qualität zu Bedingungen, die 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten der Emittentin 
nachhaltig sind; oder 
 
(i)  
before or at the same time as the 
redemption or the repurchase, the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with own fund 
instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii)  
die Emittentin hat der Zuständigen 
Behörde hinreichend nachgewiesen, 
dass 
ihre 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nach 
der 
Rückzahlung oder dem Rückkauf die 
Anforderungen nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften um 
eine Spanne übersteigen, die die 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the own funds and eligible liabilities 
of the Issuer would, following such 
redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements 
laid 
down 
in 
the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations by 
a margin that the Competent Authority 
considers necessary;

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Zuständige Behörde für erforderlich 
hält; 
wobei die Zuständige Behörde der Emittentin 
für eine Rückzahlung oder einen Rückkauf 
eine allgemeine vorherige Zustimmung für 
einen bestimmten Zeitraum, der auf ein Jahr 
begrenzt ist und danach verlängert werden 
kann, und einen vorab von der Zuständigen 
Behörde festgelegten Betrag erteilen kann, 
die Kriterien unterliegt, die sicherstellen, dass 
jede derartige künftige Rückzahlung bzw. 
jeder derartige künftige Rückkauf im Einklang 
mit den oben unter (i) und (ii) festgelegten 
Bedingungen 
vonstattengeht, 
wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ausreichende 
Vorkehrungen 
hinsichtlich 
ihrer 
Fähigkeit 
trifft, 
mit 
Eigenmitteln, 
die 
in 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
vorgeschriebenen Beträge übersteigen, tätig 
zu sein. 
 
provided that the Competent Authority may 
grant the Issuer a general prior permission to 
make a redemption or a repurchase for a 
specified period, which shall not exceed one 
year, after which it may be renewed, and for a 
certain predetermined amount as set by the 
Competent Authority, subject to criteria that 
ensure that any such future redemption or 
repurchase will be in accordance with the 
conditions set out in points (i) and (ii) above, if 
the Issuer provides sufficient safeguards as to 
its capacity to operate with own funds above 
the amounts required in the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations. 
Zusätzlich gilt bei einer Rückzahlung bzw. 
einem Rückkauf vor dem fünften Jahrestag 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
Additionally, in the event of a redemption or, 
as the case may be, a repurchase prior to the 
fifth anniversary of the issue date of the Notes, 
the following applies: 
(i) 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
regulatorischen 
oder 
steuerlichen 
Gründen kündigt oder zurückkauft, 
müssen die in § 5(3) bzw. § 5(4) für die 
Rückzahlung 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
genannten 
Bedingungen erfüllt sein. 
 
(i) 
If the Issuer redeems or repurchases 
the Notes for regulatory reasons or 
reasons of taxation the conditions in 
§ 5(3) or, as the case may be, § 5(4) in 
respect of a redemption prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of the 
Notes must be met. 
(ii) 
Ein 
Rückkauf 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, der die unter 
(i) 
beschriebenen 
Vorgaben 
nicht 
erfüllt, ist nur zulässig, wenn 
 
(ii) 
A repurchase of Notes that does not 
meet the conditions set forth under (i) 
requires either that 
(A) 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor oder 
gleichzeitig mit dem Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest gleicher Qualität zu 
Bedingungen, die im Hinblick auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
nachhaltig 
sind, 
ersetzt 
und 
die 
Zuständige 
Behörde den Rückkauf auf der 
Grundlage 
der 
Feststellung 
erlaubt 
hat, 
dass 
sie 
aus 
aufsichtlicher Sicht vorteilhaft 
und 
durch 
außergewöhnliche 
Umstände gerechtfertigt ist, oder 
 
(A) 
before or at the same time of the 
repurchase the Issuer replaces 
the 
Notes 
with 
own 
funds 
instruments of equal or higher 
quality 
at 
terms 
that 
are 
sustainable 
for 
the 
income 
capacity of the Issuer and the 
Competent 
Authority 
has 
permitted the repurchase on the 
basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a 
prudential point of view and 
justified 
by 
exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(B) 
die Schuldverschreibungen für 
Market-Making-Zwecke 
inner-
halb der von der Zuständigen 
Behörde genehmigten Grenzen 
zurückgekauft werden. 
 
(B) 
the Notes are repurchased for 
market making purposes within 
the limits permitted by the 
Competent Authority. 
Ungeachtet 
der 
oben 
genannten 
Bedingungen, falls die zum Zeitpunkt der 
 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at 
the time of any redemption or repurchase, the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
des 
Rückkaufs 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften eine Rückzahlung oder einen 
Rückkauf nur zulassen, wenn eine solche 
Rückzahlung oder ein solcher Rückkauf im 
Einklang mit zumindest einer alternativen oder 
weiteren Voraussetzung steht, dann muss die 
Emittentin jeder dieser etwaigen anderen 
und/oder zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen (wie 
jeweils anwendbar) entsprechen. 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations permit the 
redemption 
or 
repurchase 
only 
after 
compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out 
above, the Issuer shall comply with such other 
and/or, 
as 
applicable, 
additional 
pre-
conditions, if any. 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Nichterteilung der 
Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 78 CRR durch die 
Zuständige Behörde stellt in keinem Fall eine 
Pflichtverletzung dar. 
  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the 
Competent Authority to grant permission in 
accordance with Article 78 CRR shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. 
(b) 
Eine Kündigung nach § 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) 
und § 5(5) hat gemäß § 11 unter Einhaltung 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 
zehn Geschäftstagen zu erfolgen. Sie ist 
vorbehaltlich § 5(6)(c) und (d) unwiderruflich, 
muss den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Termin, 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(vorbehaltlich einer Herabschreibung nach 
§ 5(9)(b)) und im Falle einer Kündigung nach 
§ 5(3), (4) oder (5) den Grund für die 
Kündigung nennen. 
 (b) 
Any notice of redemption in accordance with 
§ 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) or § 5(5) shall be given in 
accordance with § 11 observing a notice 
period of not less than ten Business Days. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable (subject to 
§ 5(6)(c) and (d)) and shall state the date fixed 
for redemption, the Redemption Amount 
(subject to a write-down pursuant to § 5(9)(b)), 
and, in case of a notice of redemption 
pursuant to § 5(3), (4) or (5), the reason for the 
redemption. 
(c) 
Die Emittentin darf die Kündigung nicht 
erklären, wenn ein Auslöseereignis (wie in 
§ 5(9)(a) definiert) eingetreten ist und dieses 
noch fortdauert. Wenn ein Auslöseereignis 
nach der Erklärung einer Kündigung, jedoch 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Rückzahlungstag 
eintritt, 
wird 
die 
Kündigungserklärung 
automatisch als zurückgenommen sowie 
nichtig behandelt und darf die betreffende 
Rückzahlung nicht erfolgen (wie in § 5(6)(d) 
geregelt); in einem solchen Fall gelten die 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen unverändert fort. 
 (c) 
The Issuer shall not give a notice of 
redemption if a Trigger Event (as defined in 
§ 5(9)(a)) has occurred and this is continuing. 
If a Trigger Event occurs after a notice of 
redemption was given but prior to the relevant 
date of redemption, the relevant notice of 
redemption shall automatically be deemed 
revoked and null and void, the corresponding 
redemption shall not be made, as set forth in 
§ 5(6)(d), and the rights and obligations in 
respect of the Notes shall remain unchanged. 
(d) 
Die 
Emittentin 
darf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in jedem Fall nur 
zurückzahlen bzw. zurückkaufen, sofern (i) 
kein Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist und, falls 
ein Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist, dieses 
nicht fortdauert, (ii) die Emittentin am 
Rückzahlungstag weder überschuldet im 
Sinne von § 19 InsO noch zahlungsunfähig im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO ist, und (iii) die Zahlung 
des Rückzahlungsbetrages nicht zu einer 
Überschuldung oder Zahlungsunfähigkeit der 
Emittentin führt; § 41 InsO bleibt unberührt. 
 (d) 
In any event, the Issuer may only redeem or 
repurchase (as applicable) the Notes if (i) no 
Trigger Event has occurred and, if a Trigger 
Event has occurred, this is not continuing, (ii) 
the Issuer is neither over-indebted within the 
meaning of § 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date of 
redemption and (iii) the payment of the 
Redemption Amount does not result in an 
over-indebtedness or illiquidity of the Issuer; 
§ 41 InsO remains unaffected. 
(7)  
Kündigung nach erfolgter Hochschreibung; 
Rückzahlungsbetrag. Die Emittentin kann ihre 
Kündigungsrechte nach § 5(2) und § 5(5) nur 
ausüben, wenn etwaige Herabschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
wieder 
gemäß 
§ 5(9)(c) 
vollständig aufgeholt worden sind. 
 (7) 
Redemption after Write-Up; Redemption 
Amount. 
The 
Issuer 
may 
exercise 
its 
redemption rights pursuant to § 5(2) and 
§ 5(5) only if any write-downs pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(b) have been fully written up in 
accordance with § 5(9)(c). 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" einer Schuld-
verschreibung 
entspricht 
ihrem 
dann 
Aktuellen Nennbetrag, soweit nicht zuvor 
 
"Redemption Amount" of each Note, unless 
previously redeemed or repurchased and

--- Page 132 ---
132 
bereits zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
entwertet. 
cancelled, shall be the then Current Nominal 
Amount of such Note. 
(8)  
Kein Kündigungsrecht der Gläubiger. Die 
Gläubiger 
sind 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht berechtigt.  
 (8) 
No Call Right of the Holders. The Holders shall 
have no right to call the Notes for redemption. 
(9)  
Herabschreibung und Hochschreibung. 
 (9) 
Write-down and write-up. 
(a)  
Auslöseereignis. 
Bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag jeder Schuldverschreibung um 
den Betrag der betreffenden Herabschreibung 
zu reduzieren. 
 (a) 
Trigger Event. Upon the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event, the Current Nominal Amount of 
each Note shall be reduced by the amount of 
the relevant write-down. 
Ein "Auslöseereignis" tritt ein, wenn zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
die in Artikel 92 
Absatz 1 Buchstabe a CRR genannte harte 
Kernkapitalquote der Emittentin (die "Harte 
Kernkapitalquote") 
(i) auf 
konsolidierter 
Basis oder (ii) auf Einzelinstitutsbasis unter 
[●]%
1  (die "Mindest-CET1-Quote") fällt, 
wobei 
(i) ein 
Auslöseereignis 
wegen 
Unterschreitens der Mindest-CET1-Quote auf 
konsolidierter Basis jederzeit eintreten kann, 
(ii) jedoch 
ein 
Auslöseereignis 
wegen 
Unterschreitens der Mindest-CET1-Quote auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis nur eintreten kann, wenn 
die Emittentin künftig nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
oder 
aufgrund behördlicher Anordnung verpflichtet 
sein sollte, die Aufsichtsanforderungen auch 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis einzuhalten und zu 
diesem Zweck die Harte Kernkapitalquote auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis zu ermitteln. Ob ein 
Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist, wird von der 
Emittentin, der Zuständigen Behörde oder 
einem für diesen Zweck von der Zuständigen 
Behörde 
Beauftragten 
festgestellt; 
diese 
Feststellung ist für die Gläubiger bindend.  
 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if, at any time, the 
common equity tier 1 capital ratio pursuant to 
Article 92(1)(a) CRR of the Issuer (the 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio"), 
determined on either (i) a consolidated basis 
or (ii) an individual basis, falls below [●]1 per 
cent. (the "Minimum CET1 Ratio"), provided 
that (i) while the Trigger Event in respect of the 
Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on a 
consolidated basis may occur at any time, 
(ii) a Trigger Event in respect of the Minimum 
CET1 Ratio determined on an individual basis 
shall only occur if the Issuer should, in the 
future pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations or an administrative order, be 
required to comply with the prudential 
requirements on an individual basis as well 
and, for this purpose, to determine the 
Minimum CET1 Ratio on an individual basis. 
Whether a Trigger Event has occurred shall 
be determined by the Issuer, the Competent 
Authority or any agent appointed for such 
purpose by the Competent Authority, and 
such determination will be binding on the 
Holders. 
Zur Klarstellung: Ein Auslöseereignis kann zu 
jeder Zeit festgestellt werden und mehrfach 
eintreten. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Trigger Event 
may be determined at any time and may occur 
on more than one occasion. 
(b) 
Herabschreibung. 
Im 
Falle 
eines 
Auslöseereignisses ist eine Herabschreibung 
pro 
rata 
mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen 
AT1 
Instrumenten, 
die 
eine 
Herabschreibung 
(gleichviel ob permanent oder temporär) oder 
eine Wandlung in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals 
bei 
Eintritt 
dieses 
Auslöseereignisses vorsehen, vorzunehmen. 
Wenn im Falle eines Auslöseereignisses auch 
andere AT1 Instrumente herabzuschreiben 
oder in Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals 
zu wandeln sind, die nach ihren jeweiligen 
Bedingungen 
als 
Auslöseereignis 
das 
Unterschreiten einer Harten Kernkapitalquote 
vorsehen, die auf oder über der Mindest-
CET1-Quote 
liegt 
(zusammen 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen die "Relevanten AT1 
(b) 
Write-down. Upon the occurrence of a Trigger 
Event, a write-down shall be effected pro rata 
with all of the Issuer's other AT1 Instruments 
which provide for a write-down (whether 
permanent or temporary) or a conversion into 
common equity tier 1 capital instruments upon 
the occurrence of such Trigger Event. If upon 
the occurrence of a Trigger Event other AT1 
Instruments are also subject to a write-down 
or are subject to conversion into common 
equity tier 1 capital instruments, where the 
respective conditions provide for a trigger 
event on a level for the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio at or above the Minimum CET1 
Ratio (together with the Notes the "Relevant 
AT1 Instruments"), any such write-down or 
conversion will occur in such order of 
 
1 
Die Mindest-CET1-Quote muss mindestens 5,125% betragen. 
 
The Minimum CET1 Ratio shall at least be 5.125 per cent.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Instrumente"), richtet sich das Verhältnis 
bzw. die Reihenfolge, in welcher für die 
jeweils 
herabzuschreibenden 
oder 
in 
Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals zu 
wandelnden 
Instrumente 
eine 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
vorzunehmen ist, nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften. Wird dieses 
Verhältnis bzw. diese Reihenfolge nicht durch 
die 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften vorgegeben, so gilt Folgendes: 
application or ratio as required in accordance 
with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
If no such order or ratio is required by the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations, 
the 
following applies: 
(i) 
Eine Herabschreibung gemäß diesem 
§ 5(9)(b) 
erfolgt, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Regelung des nachstehenden Satzes, 
pro 
rata 
mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen 
Relevanten AT1 Instrumenten.  
(i) 
Any 
write-down 
pursuant 
to 
this 
§ 5(9)(b) will, subject to the provision 
set out in the following sentence, be 
effected pro rata with all other Relevant 
AT1 Instruments. 
 
Dabei 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen und sämtliche 
andere 
Relevante 
AT1 Instrumente 
jeweils 
nur 
insoweit 
an 
einer 
Herabschreibung bzw. einer Wandlung 
in Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals 
beteiligt, 
wie 
dies 
insgesamt 
erforderlich 
ist, 
damit 
die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote (i) auf konsolidierter 
Basis und (ii) auf Einzelinstitutsbasis 
(jeweils nur wenn und solange die 
Emittentin nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften oder 
aufgrund 
behördlicher 
Anordnung 
verpflichtet 
ist, 
die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
insoweit 
zu 
bestimmen) diejenige Quote wieder 
erreicht, 
die 
in 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen als Quote für das die 
Herabschreibung 
und/oder 
die 
Wandlung in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals 
auslösende 
Ereignis 
festgelegt ist; wobei die Summe der 
Herabschreibungen und Wandlungen 
insgesamt auf den gesamten, im 
Zeitpunkt 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
Auslöseereignisses 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Relevanten 
AT1 
Instrumente beschränkt ist.  
 
The Notes and all other Relevant AT1 
Instruments will only participate in a 
write-down or (as the case may be) a 
conversion into common equity tier 1 
capital 
instruments 
to 
the 
extent 
required in aggregate to restore the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
determined on (i) a consolidated basis 
and (ii) an individual basis (in each case 
only if and as long as the Issuer is 
required pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations 
or 
an 
administrative order to determine the 
ratio on such level) to the ratio provided 
for in their respective terms as the ratio 
triggering the event resulting in such 
write-down 
and/or 
conversion 
into 
common 
equity 
tier 1 
capital 
instruments; provided that the total 
amount 
of 
the 
write-downs 
and 
conversions shall not exceed the sum 
of the outstanding principal amounts of 
the Relevant AT1 Instruments at the 
time of occurrence of the Trigger Event. 
(ii) 
Jedes 
andere 
Relevante 
AT1 
Instrument, das insgesamt jedoch nicht 
teilweise 
herabgeschrieben 
oder 
gewandelt werden kann, wird für den 
Zweck der Bestimmung der relevanten 
pro 
rata-Beträge 
für 
eine 
Herabschreibung und die Berechnung 
des Betrags der Herabschreibung so 
behandelt, als ob seine Bedingungen 
eine teilweise Herabschreibung oder 
Wandlung vorsehen würden. 
(ii) 
Any other Relevant AT1 Instrument that 
may be written down or converted in full 
but not in part will, for the purposes of 
determining the relevant pro rata 
amounts 
for 
a 
write-down 
and 
calculation of the written-down amount, 
be treated as if its terms permit a partial 
write-down or conversion. 
Die Vornahme von Herabschreibungen in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen hängt 
nicht von der Wirksamkeit oder Durchführung 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
The performance of any write-downs in 
respect of the Notes is not dependent on the 
effectiveness or implementation of a write-
down or conversion of other instruments and

--- Page 134 ---
134 
anderer Instrumente ab und ist unabhängig 
davon gemäß diesem § 5(9)(b) vorzunehmen. 
Zur Klarstellung: Soweit die Herabschreibung 
oder die Wandlung in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals unter einem oder mehreren der 
anderen AT1 Instrumente der Emittentin aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht wirksam ist oder 
nicht 
durchgeführt 
wird, 
wird 
diese 
unwirksame 
oder 
nicht 
durchgeführte 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung bei der 
Bestimmung 
des 
Betrags 
der 
Herabschreibung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach diesem § 5(9)(b) nicht berücksichtigt. 
will be effected in any event pursuant to this 
§ 5(9)(b). For the avoidance of doubt: to the 
extent that the write-down or the conversion 
into common equity tier 1 capital instruments 
of one or more of the other AT1 Instruments of 
the Issuer is not effective or is not 
implemented for any reason, such non-
effective or non-implemented write-down or 
conversion will not be taken into account when 
determining the written-down amount in 
respect of the Notes under this § 5(9)(b). 
Die 
Summe 
der 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmenden 
Herabschreibungen ist auf die Summe der 
Aktuellen Nennbeträge aller zum Zeitpunkt 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
jeweiligen 
Auslöseereignisses 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen beschränkt. 
 
The sum of the write-downs to be effected with 
respect to the Notes shall be limited to the 
aggregate Current Nominal Amount of all 
Notes outstanding at the time of occurrence of 
the relevant Trigger Event. 
 
Im 
Falle 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Auslöseereignisses wird die Emittentin: 
 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the 
Issuer shall: 
(1)  
unverzüglich die für sie Zuständige 
Behörde 
sowie 
gemäß 
§ 11 
die 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
dem 
Eintritt 
dieses 
Auslöseereignisses 
sowie 
des 
Umstandes, 
dass 
eine 
Herabschreibung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
unterrichten, und 
(1) 
inform the Competent Authority of the 
Issuer and, in accordance with § 11, the 
Holders of the Notes without undue 
delay about the occurrence of such 
Trigger Event and the fact that a write-
down will have to be effected, and 
(2)  
unverzüglich, 
spätestens 
jedoch 
innerhalb eines Monats (soweit die für 
sie Zuständige Behörde diese Frist 
nicht verkürzt) die bezogen auf die 
jeweilige 
Schuldverschreibung 
vorzunehmende Herabschreibung und 
den 
daraus 
resultierenden 
neuen 
Aktuellen Nennbetrag feststellen und (i) 
der Zuständigen Behörde, (ii) den 
Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 11, (iii) der Berechnungsstelle 
und der Zahlstelle sowie (iv) jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
mitteilen. 
(2) 
determine the write-down to be effected 
without undue delay, but not later than 
within 
one 
month 
(unless 
the 
Competent Authority of the Issuer 
shortens such period), and notify such 
write-down in relation to each Note 
together with the resultant new Current 
Nominal Amount (i) to the Competent 
Authority, (ii) to the Holders of the Notes 
in accordance with § 11, (iii) to the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent 
and (iv), if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed from time to time at the request of 
the Issuer, to such stock exchange. 
Die Herabschreibung ist vorgenommen (und 
der 
jeweilige 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist reduziert wie in der 
Mitteilung angegeben), wenn die Abgabe der 
Mitteilungen an die Gläubiger gemäß § 11 
erfolgt ist.  
 
The write-down shall be deemed effected at 
the time when the notice to the Holders is 
given in accordance with § 11 and the Current 
Nominal Amount of each Note shall be 
reduced at such time in the amount as 
specified in the notice. 
Ein Unterlassen der Mitteilungen nach (b)(2)(i) 
und/oder 
(b)(2)(ii) 
berührt 
nicht 
die 
Wirksamkeit einer Herabschreibung und diese 
gilt jedenfalls spätestens ein Monat (soweit 
die Zuständige Behörde diese Frist nicht 
 
Any failure to give notices pursuant to (b)(2)(i) 
and/or (b)(2)(ii) will not affect the effectiveness 
of, or otherwise invalidate, any write-down and 
such write-down shall be deemed effected, on 
the basis of the written-down amount

--- Page 135 ---
135 
verkürzt) nach Eintritt des betreffenden 
Auslöseereignisses in der Höhe des von der 
Emittentin 
festgestellten 
Betrags 
als 
vorgenommen. Eine nicht erfolgte Mitteilung 
ist unverzüglich nachzuholen.  
determined by the Issuer, in any event no later 
than one month (unless the Competent 
Authority of the Issuer shortens such period) 
after the occurrence of the relevant Trigger 
Event. A notice which has not been given shall 
be given without undue delay.  
(c)  
Hochschreibung. Nach der Vornahme einer 
Herabschreibung 
können 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag jeder Schuldverschreibung in 
jedem der Geschäftsjahre der Emittentin nach 
der Herabschreibung bis zur vollständigen 
Höhe 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
(soweit 
nicht zuvor zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet) nach Maßgabe der 
folgenden 
Regelungen 
dieses 
§ 5(9)(c) 
wieder hochgeschrieben werden, soweit ein 
entsprechender Jahresüberschuss nach dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss 
der 
Emittentin (der "Jahresüberschuss") zur 
Verfügung steht und mithin hierdurch kein 
Jahresfehlbetrag entsteht oder erhöht würde. 
Die Hochschreibung erfolgt mit Wirkung ab 
dem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
das 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin folgt, für das der zuvor genannte 
Jahresüberschuss festgestellt wurde. 
 (c) 
Write-up. After a write-down has been 
effected, the Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note, 
unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, may be written up 
in accordance with the following provisions of 
§ 5(9)(c) in each of the financial years of the 
Issuer subsequent to the occurrence of such 
write-down until the full Original Nominal 
Amount has been reached, to the extent that 
a 
corresponding 
annual 
profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) is recorded on the basis 
of the financial statements of the Issuer 
prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
German 
commercial law (the "Annual Profit") and the 
write-up will not give rise to or increase an 
annual loss (Jahresfehlbetrag). The write-up 
will occur with effect as of the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
(including) 
immediately 
following the financial year of the Issuer for 
which the abovementioned Annual Profit was 
determined. 
Die Hochschreibung erfolgt gleichrangig mit 
der 
Hochschreibung 
anderer 
AT1 
Instrumente. 
 
The write-up shall be effected pari passu with 
write-ups of other AT1 Instruments. 
Die Vornahme einer Hochschreibung steht 
vorbehaltlich der nachfolgenden Vorgaben (i) 
bis 
(v) 
im 
Ermessen 
der 
Emittentin. 
Insbesondere kann die Emittentin auch dann 
ganz oder teilweise von einer Hochschreibung 
absehen, 
wenn 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss zur Verfügung steht und 
die Vorgaben (i) bis (v) erfüllt wären. 
 
Subject to the conditions (i) to (v) below, it 
shall be at the discretion of the Issuer to effect 
a write-up. In particular, the Issuer may effect 
a write-up only in part or effect no write-up at 
all even if a corresponding Annual Profit is 
recorded and the conditions (i) to (v) are 
fulfilled. 
(i)  
Soweit 
der 
festgestellte 
bzw. 
festzustellende Jahresüberschuss für 
die Hochschreibung der Schuldver-
schreibungen und anderer, mit einem 
vergleichbaren Auslöseereignis (ggf. 
mit 
einer 
abweichenden 
harten 
Kernkapitalquote als Auslöser) ausge-
statteter 
AT1 Instrumente 
(einschließlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
"Herabgeschriebenen 
AT1 
Instrumente"; zur Klarstellung: dieser 
Begriff schließt solche Instrumente aus, 
die 
nur 
nach 
den 
Übergangsbestimmungen der CRR als 
Instrumente 
des 
zusätzlichen 
Kernkapitals qualifizieren) verwendet 
werden soll und nach Maßgabe von (ii) 
und (iii) zur Verfügung steht, erfolgt die 
Hochschreibung 
pro 
rata 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
ursprünglichen 
 
(i) 
To the extent that the Annual Profit 
determined or to be determined is to be 
used for a write-up of the Notes and of 
other AT1 Instruments, the terms of 
which provide for a similar Trigger 
Event (also if such terms provide for a 
different common equity tier 1 capital 
ratio as trigger) (together with the 
Notes, 
the 
"Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments"; for the avoidance of 
doubt: such term excludes instruments 
that 
qualify 
as 
additional 
tier 
1 
instrument 
solely 
pursuant 
to 
transitional provisions under the CRR), 
and is available in accordance with (ii) 
and (iii) below, such write-up shall be 
effected pro rata in proportion to the 
original nominal amounts of the Written 
Down AT1 Instruments.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Nennbeträge der Herabgeschriebenen 
AT1 Instrumente. 
(ii)  
Der Höchstbetrag, der insgesamt für 
die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und anderer, 
Herabgeschriebener AT1 Instrumente 
sowie die Zahlung von Zinsen und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene AT1 Instrumente 
verwendet werden kann, errechnet sich 
nach 
den 
technischen 
Regulierungstandards und den im 
Übrigen im Zeitpunkt der Berechnung 
des 
Höchstbetrags 
für 
Hochschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen. Zum Zeitpunkt der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gilt 
für 
die 
Berechnung 
folgende 
Formel: 
 
(ii) 
The maximum total amount that may be 
used for a write-up of the Notes and of 
other Written Down AT1 Instruments 
and for the payment of interest and 
other Distributions on Written Down 
AT1 Instruments shall be calculated in 
accordance 
with 
the 
regulatory 
technical standards and the other 
requirements applicable at the time of 
the calculation of the maximum total 
amount for write-ups. At the time of the 
issuance of the Notes, the calculation is 
based on the following formula: 
 
H = J ∙S
T1  
 
H = J × S
T1  
'H' 
bezeichnet 
den 
für 
die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 Instrumente 
und 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene AT1 Instrumente 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehenden 
Höchstbetrag; 
'H' means the maximum amount 
available for the write-up of the Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments 
and 
Distributions on Written Down AT1 
Instruments; 
'J' bezeichnet den festgestellten bzw. 
festzustellenden 
Jahresüberschuss 
des Vorjahres; 
'J' means the Annual Profit determined 
or to be determined for the previous 
year; 
'S' 
bezeichnet 
die 
Summe 
der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 Instrumente 
(d.h. 
vor 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen 
infolge 
eines 
Auslöseereignisses); 
'S' means the sum of the original 
nominal amounts of the Written Down 
AT1 Instruments (i.e. before write-
downs due to a Trigger Event have 
been effected); 
'T1' 
bezeichnet 
den 
Betrag 
des 
Kernkapitals der Emittentin unmittelbar 
vor Vornahme der Hochschreibung. 
'T1' means the amount of the tier 1 
capital of the Issuer immediately before 
the write-up is effected. 
Der Höchstbetrag 'H' ist von der 
Emittentin 
nach 
den 
technischen 
Regulierungstandards und den im 
Übrigen im Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung 
anwendbaren Anforderungen zu be-
stimmen und der so bestimmte Betrag 
der 
Hochschreibung 
zugrunde 
zu 
legen, ohne dass es einer Änderung 
dieses Absatzes (ii) bedürfte. 
The maximum amount 'H' shall be 
determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with the regulatory technical standards 
and the other requirements applicable 
at the time of determination, and the 
write-up shall be based on the amount 
so determined without requiring any 
amendment to this subparagraph (ii). 
(iii)  
Insgesamt darf die Summe der Beträge 
der 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene AT1 Instrumente 
zusammen mit etwaigen Dividenden 
und anderen Ausschüttungen in Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
und 
andere 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
 
(iii) 
In total, the sum of the amounts of the 
write-ups 
of 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments together with the amounts 
of any dividend payments and other 
Distributions on shares and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital 
instruments of the Issuer (including also 
payment 
of 
interests 
and 
other

--- Page 137 ---
137 
(einschließlich auch der Zinszahlungen 
und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene AT1 Instrumente) 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
das 
betreffende 
Geschäftsjahr 
den 
Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrag 
oder 
einen anderen nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften für 
diesen 
Zweck 
zu 
beachtenden 
Höchstbetrag nicht überschreiten. 
Distributions on Written Down AT1 
Instruments) for the relevant financial 
year must not exceed the Maximum 
Distributable Amount or any other 
maximum amount that may have to be 
observed for this purpose under the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
(iv)  
Hochschreibungen 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen gehen Dividenden und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in Bezug auf 
Geschäftsanteile, Aktien und andere 
Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals 
der Emittentin nicht vor, d.h. diese 
können 
auch 
dann 
vorgenommen 
werden, solange keine vollständige 
Hochschreibung erfolgt ist. 
 
(iv) 
Write-ups of the Notes do not have 
priority over dividend payments and 
other Distributions on shares and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital 
instruments of the Issuer, i.e. such 
payments 
and 
Distributions 
are 
permitted even if no full write-up has 
been effected. 
(v)  
Zum Zeitpunkt einer Hochschreibung 
darf kein Auslöseereignis fortbestehen. 
Eine 
Hochschreibung 
ist 
zudem 
ausgeschlossen, soweit diese zu dem 
Eintritt eines Auslöseereignisses führen 
würde. 
 
(v) 
At the time of a write-up, there must not 
exist 
any 
Trigger 
Event 
that 
is 
continuing. A write-up is also excluded 
if such write-up would give rise to the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event. 
Wenn sich die Emittentin für die Vornahme 
einer 
Hochschreibung 
nach 
den 
Bestimmungen dieses § 5(9)(c) entscheidet, 
wird sie bis spätestens 10 Kalendertage vor 
dem betreffenden Zinszahlungstag gemäß 
§ 11 
die 
Gläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstelle sowie jede 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind 
und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, 
von 
der 
Vornahme 
der 
Hochschreibung 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(durch 
Mitteilung 
des 
Hochschreibungsbetrags als Prozentsatz des 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, des neuen Aktuellen 
Nennbetrags und des Tags, an dem die 
Hochschreibung bewirkt werden soll (jeweils 
ein "Hochschreibungstag")) unterrichten. 
Die Hochschreibung ist vorgenommen (und 
der 
jeweilige 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist mit Wirkung zum 
Hochschreibungstag 
erhöht 
wie 
in 
der 
Mitteilung angegeben), wenn die Abgabe der 
Mitteilung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 11 erfolgt 
ist. 
If the Issuer elects to effect a write-up in 
accordance with the provisions of this 
§ 5(9)(c), it shall notify the write-up as of the 
relevant Interest Payment Date (i.e., the 
amount of the write-up as a percentage of the 
Original Nominal Amount of the Notes, the 
new Current Nominal Amount and the 
effective date of the write-up (in each case a 
"Write-up Date")) no later than 10 calendar 
days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 11, to the Calculation 
Agent, to the Paying Agent and, if required by 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time to time at the 
request of the Issuer, to such stock exchange. 
The write-up shall be deemed to be effected 
at the time when the notice to the Holders is 
given in accordance with § 11 and the Current 
Nominal Amount of each Note shall be 
increased in the amount as specified in the 
notice with effect as of the Write-up Date. 
§ 6 
Die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle 
 
§ 6 
Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 
(1)  
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle, die anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
 (1)  
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial 
Paying Agent and the initial Calculation Agent 
and their respective initial specified offices 
are:

--- Page 138 ---
138 
jeweilige 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
Zahlstelle: 
 
Paying Agent: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Berechnungsstelle: 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[Falls Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
als anfängliche Berechnungsselle bestellt 
werden soll, einfügen: 
 
[In the case Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft shall be appointed as 
initial Calculation Agent, insert: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland] 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
[Falls eine andere Berechnungsstelle als 
anfängliche Berechnungsstelle bestellt 
werden soll, einfügen: 
 
[In the case another Calculation Agent 
shall be appointed as initial Calculation 
Agent, insert: 
[Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
einer anderen Berechnungsstelle 
einfügen]] 
 
[insert name and specified office]] 
Die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in 
derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
The Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent 
reserve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified office to some other 
specified offices in the same city. 
(2)  
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit 
die 
Bestellung 
der 
Berechnungsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle oder zusätzliche oder 
andere 
Zahlstellen 
zu 
bestellen. 
Die 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine 
Zahlstelle 
und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird 
nur wirksam, sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 
Tagen 
informiert 
wurden 
(außer 
im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird). 
 (2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Calculation 
Agent or the Paying Agent and to appoint 
another Calculation Agent or additional or 
other Paying Agents. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Paying Agent and a 
Calculation Agent. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Holders in accordance with § 11 (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect). 
(3)  
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle und die Zahlstelle handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin 
und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern, und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 (3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Calculation Agent 
and the Paying Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not have any obligations 
towards, or relationship of agency or trust to, 
any of the Holders. 
§ 7 
Steuern 
 
§ 7 
Taxation 
(1) 
Quellensteuern und Zusätzliche Beträge. 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen 
 (1) 
Withholding Taxes and Additional Amounts. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes 
shall 
be 
made 
without 
withholding 
or 
deduction for or on account of any present or

--- Page 139 ---
139 
oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von 
oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung 
oder 
Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder 
erhoben 
werden, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
dieser 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. Im Fall des Einbehalts oder 
Abzugs in Bezug auf Zinszahlungen (nicht 
jedoch Zahlungen auf Kapital) wird die 
Emittentin (vorbehaltlich § 3(8)) diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die 
den 
Gläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder 
Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
solcher 
zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im 
Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die:  
future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or 
deduction by or in or for the account of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. In the event of 
such withholding or deduction on payments of 
interest (but not in respect of the payment of 
any principal in respect of the Notes), the 
Issuer shall (subject to § 3(8)) pay such 
additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction, shall equal the 
respective amounts which would otherwise 
have been receivable by the Holders in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such Additional Amounts shall 
be payable on account of any taxes or duties 
which: 
(a)  
von einer als depotführende Stelle oder 
Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den 
von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting as 
custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any 
manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer 
from payments made by it; or 
(b)  
wegen 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen 
Beziehung 
des 
Gläubigers zu Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
Deutschland 
stammen 
(oder 
für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt 
werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder 
having, or having had, some personal 
or business connection with Germany 
and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, 
or for purposes of taxation are deemed 
to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, Germany; or 
(c) 
denen der Gläubiger nicht unterläge, 
wenn er seine Gläubigerstellung binnen 
30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit oder, falls die 
notwendigen Beträge der Zahlstelle bei 
Fälligkeit nicht zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden sind, binnen 30 Tagen nach 
dem Tag, an dem diese Mittel der 
Zahlstelle 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
worden sind und dies gemäß § 11 
bekannt gemacht wurde, der Zahlstelle 
hinreichend nachgewiesen hätte; oder 
 
(c) 
to which the Holder would not be 
subject 
if 
he 
had 
sufficiently 
demonstrated to the Paying Agent his 
status as a Holder within 30 days from 
the due date for payment, or, if the 
necessary funds were not provided to 
the Paying Agent when due, within 30 
days from the date on which such funds 
are provided to the Paying Agent and a 
notice to that effect has been published 
in accordance with § 11; or 
(d)  
von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen oder 
einbehalten werden, wenn die Zahlung 
von einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne den 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
hätte 
vorgenommen werden können; oder 
 
(d) 
are deducted or withheld by a Paying 
Agent from a payment if the payment 
could have been made by another 
Paying Agent without such deduction or 
withholding; or 
(e) 
nicht zu entrichten wären, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
einem 
Kreditinstitut 
verwahrt 
und 
die 
 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Notes had 
been kept in safe custody with, and the

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Zahlungen von diesem eingezogen 
worden wären, oder 
payments had been collected by, a 
banking institution; or 
(f)  
wegen einer Rechtsänderung oder 
einer 
Änderung 
in 
der 
Rechtsanwendung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 11 wirksam wird; oder 
 
(f) 
are payable by reason of a change in a 
law or administrative practice that 
becomes effective more than 30 days 
after the relevant payment becomes 
due, or is duly provided for and notice 
thereof is published in accordance with 
§ 11, whichever occurs later; or 
(g)  
durch die Erfüllung von gesetzlichen 
Anforderungen oder durch die Vorlage 
einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung oder 
durch die sonstige Geltendmachung 
eines 
Anspruchs 
auf 
Befreiung 
gegenüber 
der 
betreffenden 
Steuerbehörde vermeidbar sind oder 
gewesen wären; oder 
 
(g) 
are avoidable or would have been 
avoidable through compliance with 
statutory requirements or through the 
submission of a declaration of non-
residence or by otherwise enforcing a 
claim for exemption at the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(h) 
wegen Festsetzung von Steuern auf 
den Erwerb von Todes wegen, den 
Erbanfall, 
die 
schenkweise 
Übertragung, 
den 
Umsatz, 
einen 
Übertragungsvorgang, das Vermögen 
oder einen vergleichbaren steuerbaren 
Vorgang oder wegen einer anderen von 
einer staatlichen Stelle wegen eines 
solchen 
Vorgangs 
festgesetzten 
Geldleistungspflicht zu zahlen sind; 
oder 
 
(h) 
by reason of any estate, inheritance, 
gift, sales, transfer, personal property or 
any similar tax assessment or other 
governmental charge; or 
(i)  
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, 
weil der wirtschaftliche Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
selbst 
rechtlicher Eigentümer (Gläubiger) der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist und der 
Abzug oder Einbehalt bei Zahlungen an 
den wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer nicht 
erfolgt 
wäre 
oder 
eine 
Zahlung 
zusätzlicher Beträge bei einer Zahlung 
an den wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
vorstehenden 
Regelungen hätte vermieden werden 
können, 
wenn 
dieser 
zugleich 
rechtlicher Eigentümer (Gläubiger) der 
Schuldverschreibungen gewesen wäre. 
 
(i) 
are deducted or withheld because the 
beneficial owner of the Notes is not 
itself their legal owner (Holder) and the 
deduction or withholding in respect of 
payments to the beneficial owner would 
not have been made or the payment of 
Additional Amounts in respect of a 
payment to the beneficial owner in 
accordance with the above provisions 
could have been avoided if the latter 
had also been the legal owner (Holder) 
of the Notes. 
(2) 
FATCA. Die Verpflichtung der Emittentin zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen soll keine 
Anwendung finden auf Steuern, die nur zu 
zahlen sind auf Grund einer Nichteinhaltung 
von Anforderungen durch den Gläubiger oder 
den wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer (oder ein 
Finanzinstitut, durch das der Gläubiger oder 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hält oder durch die 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu leisten ist) in Bezug auf eine Zertifizierung, 
Information, 
Identifikation, 
Dokumentation 
oder andere Mitteilungen (einschließlich dem 
Abschluss 
und 
der 
Einhaltung 
von 
 (2) 
FATCA. The obligation of the Issuer to pay 
Additional Amounts shall not apply to any tax 
that would not have been imposed but for a 
failure by the Holder or beneficial owner (or 
any financial institution through which the 
Holder or beneficial owner holds any Note or 
through which payment on the Note is made) 
to comply with any certification, information, 
identification, 
documentation 
or 
other 
reporting requirements (including entering into 
and complying with an agreement with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service) imposed 
pursuant to, or under an intergovernmental 
agreement entered into between the United

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Vereinbarungen 
mit 
dem 
U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue Service) gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der 
am 
Tag 
der 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Fassung 
oder gemäß geänderter oder nachfolgender 
Bestimmungen, soweit diese geänderten oder 
nachfolgenden 
Bestimmungen 
nicht 
wesentlich beschwerlicher sind als jene am 
Tag der Ausgabe geltenden Fassung) oder 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen 
zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und einem 
anderen 
Staat 
zur 
Umsetzung 
der 
Anforderungen aus diesen Normen. 
States and the government of another country 
in order to implement the requirements of, 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code as in effect on the date 
of issuance of the Notes or any successor or 
amended version of these provisions, to the 
extent such successor or amended version is 
not materially more onerous than these 
provisions as enacted on such date. 
§ 8 
Vorlegungsfrist 
 
§ 8 
Term of presentation 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 The presentation period provided in § 801(1) 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is 
reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen, 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
 
§ 9 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions, 
Holders' Joint Representative 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Emittentin kann vorbehaltlich der Einhaltung 
der aufsichtsrechtlichen Voraussetzungen für 
die Anerkennung der Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
(falls 
aufsichtsrechtlich 
erforderlich) 
der 
Zustimmung der Zuständigen Behörde die 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der 
Gläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5ff. des 
Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
("SchVG") 
in 
seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung ändern. Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen, 
durch 
Beschlüsse 
mit 
den 
in 
dem 
nachstehenden § 9(2) genannten Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
 (1) 
Amendment to the Terms and Conditions. The 
Issuer may, subject to compliance with the 
requirements of regulatory law for the 
recognition of the Notes as AT1 Instruments 
and (if necessary under applicable regulatory 
laws) the permission of the Competent 
Authority, amend the Terms and Conditions 
with the consent of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to §§ 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen), as amended from time to 
time (the "SchVG"). In particular, the Holders 
may consent to amendments which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, including such measures as 
provided 
for 
under 
§ 5(3) 
SchVG 
by 
resolutions passed by such majority of the 
votes of the Holders as stated under § 9(2) 
below.  
 
Die Emittentin wird die Zuständige Behörde 
vor Durchführung der Abstimmung von den 
zur Abstimmung vorzulegenden Änderungen 
der Anleihebedingungen unterrichten.  
  
The Issuer will notify the Competent Authority 
of changes to the Terms and Conditions to be 
submitted for voting prior to the voting.  
 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht 
gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die 
benachteiligten 
Gläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
  
A duly passed majority resolution shall be 
binding equally upon all Holders. A majority 
resolution which does not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders is void, unless 
Holders 
who 
are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
 
Die Anleihebedingungen können nicht ohne 
Zustimmung der Emittentin geändert werden. 
  
The Terms and Conditions may not be 
amended without the consent of the Issuer. 
(2)  
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden, vorbehaltlich der Erreichung der 
 (2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the

--- Page 142 ---
142 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, mit einer 
Mehrheit von 75 % der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 
1 bis Nr. 9 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an 
der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
votes 
cast, 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are met. Resolutions relating to 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
which are not material and which do not relate 
to the matters listed in § 5(3) nos. 1 to 9 of the 
SchVG require a simple majority of the votes 
cast, provided that the quorum requirements 
are met. 
(3)  
Beschlussfassung. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger 
werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im Wege 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 18 
SchVG 
oder 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG 
gefasst. 
 (3) 
Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders 
shall be passed at the election of the Issuer by 
vote taken without a meeting in accordance 
with § 18 SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in 
accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
(4) 
Gläubigerversammlung. Die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte 
ist 
von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die 
Anmeldung 
muss 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Einberufung 
mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten 
Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
Mit der Anmeldung müssen die Gäubiger ihre 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
einen 
in 
Textform 
erstellten 
besonderen 
Nachweis 
der 
Depotbank gemäß § 13(4)(i)(a) und (b) und 
durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen Ende 
der Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
 (4) 
Meeting. Attendance at the meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Holders' prior registration. The registration 
must be received at the address stated in the 
convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of the Custodian in 
accordance with § 13(4)(i)(a) and (b) in text 
form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration has been 
sent until and including the stated end of the 
meeting. 
(5)  
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Zusammen 
mit der Stimmabgabe müssen die Gläubiger 
ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
einen 
in 
Textform 
erstellten 
besonderen 
Nachweis 
der 
Depotbank gemäß § 13(4)(i)(a) und (b) und 
durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Tag der Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) bis 
zum letzten Tag des Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, 
nachweisen. 
 (5) 
Vote without a Meeting. Together with casting 
their votes Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of the Custodian in 
accordance with § 13(4)(i)(a) and (b) in text 
form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such votes have been cast 
until and including the day the voting period 
ends. 
(6)  
Zweite 
Versammlung. 
Wird 
für 
die 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß § 9(4) oder 
die Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß 
§ 9(5) die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit 
festgestellt, 
kann 
– 
im 
Fall 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende 
eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Absatz 3 Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung – der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versammlung 
 (6) 
Second Meeting. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to 
§ 9(4) or the vote without a meeting pursuant 
to § 9(5), in case of a meeting the chairman 
(Vorsitzender) 
may 
convene 
a 
second 
meeting 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 15(3) 
sentence 2 SchVG or in case of a vote without 
a meeting the scrutineer (Abstimmungsleiter) 
may convene a second meeting within the 
meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 SchVG.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG 
einberufen. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten 
Versammlung 
und 
die 
Ausübung 
der 
Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Für die 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger zu einer zweiten 
Versammlung gelten die Regelungen des 
§ 9(4) entsprechend. 
Attendance at the second meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Holders' prior registration. The provisions set 
out in § 9(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the Holders' registration for a second meeting. 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
zur 
Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger bestellen. Die 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
bedarf einer Mehrheit gemäß § 9(2) Satz 1, 
wenn er ermächtigt werden soll, Änderungen 
des 
wesentlichen 
Inhalts 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen Maßnahmen zuzustimmen. 
 (7) 
Holders' Joint Representative. The Holders 
may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative 
(the 
"Holders' 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' 
rights on behalf of each Holder. The 
appointment of a Holders' Representative 
may only be passed by a majority pursuant to 
§ 9(2) 
sentence 1 
if 
such 
Holders' 
Representative is to be authorised to consent 
to a material change in the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions or other material 
matters. 
 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben 
und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz 
oder 
von 
den 
Gläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. 
Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten 
der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen 
Gläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, 
es sei denn, der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat 
der Gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu 
berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
gelten 
die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
  
The Holders' Representative shall have the 
duties and powers provided by law or granted 
by majority resolution of the Holders. The 
Holders' Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Holders. To the extent that 
the 
Holders' 
Representative 
has 
been 
authorised to assert certain rights of the 
Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to 
assert 
such 
rights 
themselves, 
unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. 
The regulations of the SchVG apply with 
regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen 
diesen § 9 betreffend erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
 (8)  
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 9 
shall be made exclusively in accordance with 
the provisions of the SchVG. 
§ 10 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen, 
Rückkauf und Entwertung 
 
§ 10 
Further Issues, Repurchases 
and Cancellation 
(1)  
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabekurses) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 (1)  
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes. 
(2)  
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, mit der 
vorherigen Zustimmung der Zuständigen 
Behörde 
und 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 5(6) 
Schuldverschreibungen im regulierten Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Kurs 
zurückzukaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können 
 (2)  
Repurchases. The Issuer may, with the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority and 
subject to § 5(6), repurchase Notes in a 
regulated market or otherwise at any price. 
Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered 
to 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
for

--- Page 144 ---
144 
nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern diese 
Käufe durch öffentliches Rückkaufangebot 
erfolgen, muss dieses Rückkaufangebot allen 
Gläubigern gemäß § 11 gemacht werden. 
cancellation. If repurchases are made by 
public tender, tenders for such Notes must be 
made available to all Holders of such Notes 
alike in accordance with § 11. 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht 
wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
 (3)  
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall 
be cancelled forthwith and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
§ 11 
Mitteilungen 
 
§ 11 
Notices 
(1)  
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen, außer den in § 9 vorgesehenen 
Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG 
erfolgen, werden im Bundesanzeiger und 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
zum 
Handel 
am 
geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und die 
Regeln 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
dies 
verlangen, auch auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.luxse.com) 
veröffentlicht. Eine Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag 
ihrer Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tage der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als erfolgt. 
 (1)  
Publication. All notices concerning the Notes, 
other than any notices stipulated in § 9 which 
shall be made exclusively pursuant to the 
provisions of the SchVG, shall be published in 
the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and for 
as long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). A notice shall be 
deemed to be effected on the day of its 
publication (or in the case of more than one 
publication on the day of the first publication). 
(2) 
Sofern die Regularien der Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, dies 
zulassen, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
Bekanntmachungen 
auch 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger oder durch 
eine schriftliche Mitteilung direkt an die 
Gläubiger zu bewirken. Bekanntmachungen 
über das Clearing System gelten fünf 
Kalendertage nach der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System, direkte Mitteilungen an die 
Gläubiger mit ihrem Zugang als bewirkt.  
 (2) 
The Issuer shall also be entitled to make 
notices 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders or directly to the Holders provided this 
complies with the rules of the stock exchange 
on which the Notes are listed. Notices to the 
Clearing System shall be deemed to be 
effected 
five 
calendar 
days 
after 
the 
notification to the Clearing System, direct 
notices to the Holders shall be deemed to be 
effected upon their receipt. 
§ 12 
Fremdwährungen 
 
§ 12 
Other Currencies 
Sofern Beträge für ein Instrument nicht in der 
funktionalen Währung der Emittentin ausgedrückt 
sind, erfolgt für die Anwendung dieser Bedingungen 
eine Umrechnung in diese funktionale Währung zu 
dem 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
geltenden 
vorherrschenden und durch die Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen festgestellten Wechselkurs oder 
gemäß einem anderen Verfahren, das in den für die 
Emittentin 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Eigenkapitalvorschriften vorgesehen ist. 
 If any amounts with respect to any instrument are not 
expressed in the functional currency of the Issuer, for 
the application of these Terms and Conditions such 
amounts will be converted into such functional 
currency at the then-prevailing exchange rate, as 
determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion, 
or such other procedure as provided by capital 
regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to time. 
§ 13 
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand 
 
§ 13 
Applicable Law and Place of Jurisdiction 
(1)  
Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
 (1)  
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by 
German law.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(2) 
Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am 
Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
 (2) 
Place of Performance. Place of performance 
is Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
(3)  
Gerichtsstand. Ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
 (3)  
Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Federal 
Republic of Germany, shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes. 
 
Dies gilt nur vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit 
dem SchVG. 
  
This is subject to any exclusive court of venue 
for specific legal proceedings in connection 
with the SchVG. 
(4)  
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläu-
biger ist berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in dem der Gäubiger und 
die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen 
Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt 
eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie 
nachstehend definiert) bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, 
welche 
(a) den 
vollständigen 
Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibun-
gen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System 
eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die 
die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt eine 
Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschrei-
bungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, 
deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing 
Systems oder des Verwahrers des Clearing 
Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibun-
gen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems.  
 (4)  
Enforcement. Any Holder may in any 
Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect 
and enforce in his own name his rights arising 
under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as defined 
below) with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes 
(a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement and 
(c) confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to clauses 
(a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorized officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing 
the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognized standing 
authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
§ 14 
Sprache 
 
§ 14 
Language 
Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text 
ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
 These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only. 
 
***

--- Page 147 ---
147 
5 FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms will be displayed on the website of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft (https://investor-
relations.commerzbank.com/debt-holders-information/at1-programme/). In case of Notes admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will also be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen werden auf der Website der Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft (https://investor-
relations.commerzbank.com/de/fremdkapitalgeber/at1-programm/) 
veröffentlicht. 
Im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die zum Handel an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zugelassen sind, werden die 
Endgültigen Bedingungen auch auf der Website der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.luxse.com) veröffentlicht. 
1[MiFID II Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"), 
having substantial knowledge and/or experience with financial products, a long term investment horizon, an asset 
accumulation as investment objective, the ability to bear losses up to total loss of invested capital, a risk tolerance 
and compatibility of the risk/reward profile of the product with the target market that corresponds to [●]2 as summary 
risk indicator (SRI) (calculated on the basis of the PRIIPs methodology); and (ii) non-advisory, advisory business 
and asset management as distribution channels for the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Insert negative target market, if applicable][The negative target market are retail clients, as defined 
in MiFID II.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
1[MiFID II Produktüberwachungspflichten – Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
jedes Konzepteurs hat die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt sind nur geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, wie jeweils in der 
Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II") definiert, die über umfassende Kenntnisse und 
Erfahrungen mit Finanzprodukten, einen langfristigen Anlagehorizont, Vermögensbildung als Anlageziel, die 
Fähigkeit, Verluste bis hin zum Totalverlust des investierten Kapitals zu tragen, Risikotoleranz und Kompatibilität 
des Risiko-Ertrags-Profils des Produkts mit dem Zielmarkt entsprechend [●]1 als Gesamtrisikoindikator (SRI) 
(berechnet gemäß der PRIIPs-Methodik), verfügen; (ii) Verkäufe ohne Beratung, Anlageberatung und Portfolio-
Management sind als Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden angemessen. [Etwaige negative Zielmärkte einfügen][Der negative Zielmarkt sind 
Kleinanleger, wie in MiFID II definiert.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft 
oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts der Konzepteure berücksichtigen; 
ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung der Konzepteure) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu 
bestimmen.] 
3[UK MiFIR Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Insert negative target market, if 
applicable][The negative target market are retail clients, as defined in UK MiFIR.] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
 
1  
To be included if parties have determined a target market. 
 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben. 
2  
Determine for each Tranche of Notes if legend "MiFID II Product Governance" is included. 
 
Für jede Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen festzulegen, wenn die Legende "MiFID II Produktüberwachungspflichten" beigefügt wird. 
3  
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR, i.e. there 
are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen der 
UK MiFIR unterliegen, d.h. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
2[UK 
MiFIR 
Produktüberwachungspflichten 
– 
Ausschließlich 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens jedes Konzepteurs hat die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen sind nur 
geeignete Gegenparteien gemäß der Definition im FCA-Handbuch Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und 
professionelle Kunden gemäß der Definition in der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR"), und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. [Etwaige 
negative Zielmärkte einfügen][Der negative Zielmarkt sind Kleinanleger, wie in UK MiFIR definiert.] Jede Person, 
die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen"), soll 
die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts der Konzepteure berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung der Konzepteure) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.] 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU 
(as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im EWR – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf 
oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und 
sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise 
zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, 
die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 
11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU in der jeweils aktuellen Fassung ("MiFID II") oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Richtlinie 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 
10 MiFID II gilt. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") 
erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung 
rechtswidrig sein. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended or superseded ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended or 
superseded as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger in UK – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf 
oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich ("UK") bestimmt und sollten 
Kleinanlegern in UK nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, 
die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen 
Rechts ist oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in 
seiner jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung ("FSMA") und aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen 
des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als 
professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Abs. 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt; welche durch

--- Page 149 ---
149 
EUWA Teil des nationales Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, in ihrer 
jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, welche durch EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-
Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in UK erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in UK nach der UK 
PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time – The Notes are (i) 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (ii) Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Produkteinstufungsmitteilung gemäß Section 309B(1)(c) des 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur, in der jeweils geänderten oder ergänzten Fassung – Bei den 
Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich (i) um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur definiert) und (ii) um Excluded Investment 
Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products und der MAS-
Bekanntmachung FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products definiert).]

--- Page 150 ---
150 
FINAL TERMS 
ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
relating to 
bezüglich 
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie von Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] / 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden]] 
issued under the 
begeben unter dem 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Additional Tier 1 Note Programme 
of 
der 
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
 
Date of the Final Terms 
Datum der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Series No.: 
Serien-Nr.: 
[   ] 
[   ] 
[Tranche No.: 
Tranchen-Nr.: 
[   ] 
[   ]] 
Issue Date4 
Tag der Begebung 
[   ] 
[   ] 
Issue Price 
Emissionspreis 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
 
 
 
 
4  
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Settlement Date is the delivery date. 
 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag 
der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in conjunction with Article 25(4) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended, 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated [5] June 2024 (the 
"Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [●]]. The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto are 
available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and 
the website of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft (https://investor-relations.commerzbank.com/debt-holders-
information/at1-programme/). Full information is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base 
Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Abs. 5 in Verbindung mit Artikel 25 Abs. 4 
der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 über den 
Prospekt, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von Wertpapieren oder bei deren Zulassung zum Handel an einem 
geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist, in der jeweils geänderten Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit 
dem Basisprospekt vom [5.] Juni 2024 über das Programm (der "Basisprospekt") [und [dem Nachtrag][den 
Nachträgen] dazu vom [●]] zu lesen. Der Basis Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) und der Internetseite der Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(https://investor-relations.commerzbank.com/debt-holders-information/at1-programme/) 
eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen sind nur verfügbar, wenn der Basisrospekt, etwaige Nachträge 
dazu und die Endgültigen Bedingungen zusammengenommen werden.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Part I: Terms and Conditions 
Teil I: Emissionsbedingungen 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") and the English language translation thereof, are as set 
out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen (die "Bedingungen") sowie die englischsprachige 
Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[In the case of Notes issued in Euro replicate here relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die auf Euro lauten, hier betreffende Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich 
der 
betreffenden 
weiteren 
Optionen) 
wiederholen 
und 
betreffende 
Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[In the case of Notes issued in U.S. dollar replicate here relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die auf U.S. Dollar lauten, hier betreffende Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich 
der 
betreffenden 
weiteren 
Optionen) 
wiederholen 
und 
betreffende 
Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
PART II – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt 
sind 
□ 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so] [So] far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer, except that certain Dealers and their affiliates may 
be customers of, and borrowers from the Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. 
[Mit Ausnahme von an die Platzeure zu zahlenden Gebühren, bestehen nach] [Nach] Kenntnis der 
Emittentin [bestehen] bei den an der Emission beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von 
und Kreditnehmer der Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können. Außerdem sind 
bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking Transaktionen und/oder Commercial Banking Transaktionen 
mit der Emittentin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen, und könnten im gewöhnlichen 
Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen für die Emittentin und mit ihr verbundene Unternehmen erbringen. 
□ 
Other interests (specify) 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The use and estimated net amount of the proceeds. 
Die Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse und die geschätzten Nettoerlöse. 
Use of proceeds5 
Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
Geschätzte Nettoerlöse 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Eurosystem eligibility 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Yes][No]6 
 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with CBF and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 7 / 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
 
5  
Include if different from section "10.6 Use of Proceeds" of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Einfügen, soweit Abweichend von Abschnitt "10.6 Use of Proceeds" des Basisprospekts. 
6  
Select "Yes" if Notes are to be deposited with CBF. "No" if Notes are not to be deposited with CBF. 
 
"Ja" ist auszuwählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen von CBF verwahrt werden sollen. "Nein" ist auszuwählen, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht von CBF verwahrt werden sollen. 
7  
Include explanation in the case of Notes deposited with CBF. 
 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch CBF.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future, the 
Notes may be capable of meeting them. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]8 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier 
lediglich bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
nach ihrer Begebung von CBF verwahrt werden 
und dass dies nicht notwendigerweise bedeutet, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen Überziehungen 
(intra-day credit operations) des Eurosystems 
entweder nach Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt werden.] / [Während die Bestimmung am Tag 
dieser 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
mit 
"Nein" 
festgelegt 
wurde, 
sollten 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart 
geändert 
werden, 
könnten 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fähig 
sein, 
diese 
einzuhalten. Es ist zu beachten, dass dies nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und 
der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-day credit 
operations) des Eurosystem zu jedem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt werden.] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
 
Common Code  
Common Code 
[   ] 
 
ISIN Code 
ISIN Code 
[   ] 
 
German Securities Code  
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[   ] 
 
Any other securities number 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[   ] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the 
Notes have been issued 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Emission der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Specify details] 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
8  
Include explanation in the case of Notes not being deposited with CBF. 
 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall von nicht durch CBF verwahrten Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
□ 
Regulated Market and Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulierter Markt und amtliches Kursblatt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
□ 
Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
Euro MTF der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
□ 
Other stock exchange(s) 
Andere Wertpapierbörse(n) 
[   ] 
Date of admission  
Datum der Zulassung 
[   ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[   ] 
Issue Price 
Emissionspreis 
[   ] per cent. 
[   ]% 
Stabilizing Dealer(s)/Manager(s)  
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager 
[None] [Specify details] 
[Keiner] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Rating9 
Rating 
 
[Not applicable. The Notes are not 
rated.] 
[The Notes [have been] [are expected 
to be] rated: 
[S & P: [   ]] 
[Moody's: [   ]] 
[[other]: [   ]]] 
[Entfällt. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
haben kein Rating erhalten.] 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen [haben] 
[werden voraussichtlich] 
folgendes Rating erhalten: 
[S & P: [   ]] 
[Moody's: [   ]] 
[[andere]: [   ]]] 
 
[Each such / The] rating agency is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended from time to time, and is included in the list of registered rating agencies published on the website of 
the European Securities and Markets Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk.] 
[Jede dieser / Die] Ratingagentur[en] ist in der europäischen Union ansässig und unter der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen in ihrer 
aktuellen Fassung registriert und in der Liste der registrierten Ratingagenturen enthalten, die auf der Internetseite 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktauf-
sichtsbehörde veröffentlicht ist.] 
 
9  
If the Notes are rated, include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen über ein Rating verfügen, kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings einfügen, wenn dieses 
unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
[Statement on benchmarks in accordance with Article 29 (2) of the Benchmarks Regulation: 10 
Erklärung gemäß Artikel 29 Abs. 2 der Benchmarks Verordnung:  
[Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to [specify benchmark(s) within the meaning 
of the Benchmarks Regulation] which [is][are] provided by [insert administrator legal name(s)]. As at the 
date of these Final Terms, [[insert administrator legal name(s) of the benchmark(s)] appear[s]] [[insert 
administrator legal name(s) of the benchmark(s)] do[es] not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 [(the 
"Benchmarks Regulation")]. [Insert in case the relevant administrator is not on the ESMA register: As far 
as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] [does][do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation][and][the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply], such that [insert administrator legal name(s)] [is][are] not currently required to obtain recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence.] 
 
Die im Rahmen der Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge werden unter Bezugnahme auf 
[spezifische(n) Referenzwert(e) im Sinne der Benchmark-Verordnung einfügen] berechnet, welche[r] von 
[Administrator(en) des/der Referenzwert(e) einfügen] bereitgestellt [wird][werden]. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen [erscheint][erscheinen] [Administrator(en) des/der Referenzwert(e) einfügen] 
[nicht] im Register der Administratoren und Referenzwerte, welches von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und Finanzkontrakten als 
Referenzwert oder zur Messung der Wertentwicklung eines Investmentfonds verwendet werden, und zur 
Änderung der Richtlinien 2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 596/2014 [(die 
"Benchmarks-Verordnung")] erstellt und geführt wird. [Im Fall, dass der/die entsprechende(n) 
Administrator(en) nicht im ESMA-Register geführt wird/werden einfügen: Soweit der Emittentin bekannt, 
[[unterliegt][unterliegen] [spezifische(n) Referenzwert(e) einfügen] gemäß Artikel 2 der Benchmark 
Verordnung nicht dem Anwendungsbereich dieser Verordnung][und][finden die Übergangsbestimmungen in 
Artikel 51 der Benchmark-Verordnung Anwendung], sodass die Erlangung einer Anerkennung, Billigung oder 
Gleichstellung durch [Administrator(en) des/der Referenzwert(e) einfügen] derzeit nicht erforderlich ist.]] 
[Third Party Information 
Angaben von Seiten Dritter 
[specify relevant information] has been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify relevant source of information], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
[relevante Angaben bezeichnen] wurde[n] [relevante Quelle einfügen] entnommen. Die Emittentin bestätigt, 
dass diese Angabe[n] korrekt wiedergegeben wurde[n] und nach Wissen der Emittentin, soweit für sie aus 
der/den von [relevanten Anbieter einfügen] veröffentlichten Angabe[n] ersichtlich, nicht durch Auslassungen 
unkorrekt oder irreführend gestaltet wurde[n].] 
 
 
 
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
 
 
 
 
10  
Include as appropriate depending on benchmark used to calculate the amounts payable. 
 
Einfügen, je nachdem welcher Referenzwert für die Berechnung der zu zahlenden Beträge zugrunde gelegt wird.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
6 DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT, REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS, REGULATORY 
RATIOS AND PAYMENT RESTRICTIONS 
6.1 
Interest Payments and Distributable Items 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Interest Payments in respect of the Notes are entirely 
discretionary (i.e. interest will not accrue if the Issuer has elected, at its sole discretion, to cancel payments of interest 
(non-cumulative), in whole or in part, on any Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) and 
subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. 
In particular, the Notes will not bear interest, in whole or in part, on any Interest Payment Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) if and to the extent that the competent authority orders that all or part of the relevant payment 
of interest be cancelled or another prohibition of Distribution is imposed by law or by authority (see "6.2 Regulatory 
Capital Requirements, Regulatory Ratios and Restrictions on Interest Payments" below). 
Further, pursuant to § 3 (8)(b)(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Notes will not bear interest, in whole 
or in part, on any Interest Payment Date 
"to the extent that such payment of interest together with (1) the amount of a write-up, if any, in accordance 
with § 5(9)(c) to be effected as of the relevant Interest Payment Date, (2) any additional Distributions (as 
defined in § 3(9)) that are scheduled to be made or have been made on the same day or that have been 
made by the Issuer on other Tier 1 Instruments (as defined in § 3(9)) in the then current financial year of the 
Issuer and (3) the total amount of write-ups, if any, on any other AT1 Instruments which shall be effected as 
of the relevant Interest Payment Date or have been effected in the then current financial year of the Issuer 
would exceed the Available Distributable Items (as defined in § 3(9)), provided that, for such purpose, the 
Available Distributable Items shall be increased by an amount equal to what has been accounted for as 
expenses for Distributions in respect of Tier 1 Instruments (for the avoidance of doubt, including payments of 
interest on the Notes) in the determination of the profit on which the Available Distributable Items are based". 
In order to determine whether the Issuer will be permitted, pursuant to the preceding sentence, to make an Interest 
Payment on the Notes on any Interest Payment Date, the Issuer will first determine the Available Distributable Items 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes by: 
• 
determining the net profit/loss (Jahresüberschuss/-fehlbetrag) as of the end of the financial year of the Issuer 
immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date on the basis of the unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with German commercial law for the financial year of the 
Issuer immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
• 
adding, as applicable, any profits brought forward and reserves available for that purpose, before distributions 
to holders of own funds instruments on the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with German commercial law for the financial year of the Issuer immediately 
preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms);  
• 
subtracting, as applicable, any losses brought forward and any profits which are non-distributable pursuant 
to the applicable laws of the European Union or Germany or the Articles of Association of the Issuer and any 
sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with the applicable laws of Germany or the Articles 
of Association of the Issuer;  
in each case with respect to the specific category of own funds of the Notes as AT1 Instruments to which the 
applicable laws of the European Union or Germany or the Articles of Associations of the Issuer relate and as 
determined on the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with 
German commercial law for the financial year of the Issuer immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
The Issuer will then increase such amount by the aggregate amount of interest already accounted for as expenses 
in respect of Tier 1 Instruments (i.e. capital instruments which, according to Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as 
amended, in particular by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 ("CRR II"), qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments or 
Additional Tier 1 instruments, which will include the Notes) in the unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year of the Issuer immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
In addition, the determination of the Available Distributable Items (substantially the 'distributable items' as defined 
in Article 4(1) no. 128 CRR II from time to time) shall be based on the Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the 
time of the determination and, accordingly, only those amounts shall be added or deducted that may be added or 
have to be deducted (as the case may be) for purposes of determining the amounts distributable on AT1 Instruments 
under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
In this context, it should be noted that the definition of 'distributable items' in Article 4(1) no. 128 of the CRR II has 
been amended. Under the former CRR framework, applicable until 26 June 2019, amounts blocked for distribution 
under § 268 (8) or § 253 (6) of the German Commercial Code had to be deducted from the distributable amounts 
when determining the Available Distributable Items, and the capital reserves did not form part of the Available 
Distributable Items. The determination of the Available Distributable Items was by and large synchronised with the 
determination of the profits distributable to shareholders. While the Issuer believes that it is permitted to calculate 
the Available Distributable Items for the purpose of distributions under the Notes as currently assumed by the Issuer 
on the basis of the amended definition of 'distributable items', it cannot be excluded that the supervisory practice 
will no longer acknowledge the inclusion of (i) the capital reserves, (ii) the amounts blocked for distributions under 
§ 268(8) or § 253(6) of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), or (iii) any other amounts for increasing 
the Available Distributable Items in the future when determining whether Interest Payments will or will not accrue in 
light of the Available Distributable Items at that time. 
After determining the Available Distributable Items, the Issuer will then count against such sum every Distribution 
on other Tier 1 Instruments (including ordinary shares (Stammaktien) of the Issuer) that have already been made 
by the Issuer in the then-current financial year. From the remaining amount the Issuer would be permitted to make 
an Interest Payment on the Notes, to the extent such amount exceeds Distributions on other Tier 1 Instruments that 
are scheduled to be made on the same day or that have been made on the relevant Interest Payment Date and the 
total amount of write-ups which shall be effected as of the relevant Interest Payment Date or have been effected in 
the then-current financial year.  
For illustrative purposes, the following table sets forth, as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 
and 2022, the items derived from the Issuer's unconsolidated income statement and balance sheet as well as from 
the notes to the balance sheet of the audited unconsolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 (including the respective comparative financial information as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022) that affect the calculation of the Issuer's Available Distributable Items as well as interest 
expenses on Tier 1 Instruments that relate to the foregoing discussion based on the current CRR II framework: 
Available Distributable Items of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Available Distributable Items (§ 3 (9) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes)1) 
 
Relevant items from the annual financial 
statements of Commerzbank (in 
accordance with HGB) 
 
As of and for the financial year ended 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
 
 
(in EUR million, audited2), unless otherwise 
indicated) 
Sum of: 
 
 
(a) profit as of the end of the financial 
year of the Issuer 
 
Net profit/loss (Jahresüberschuss/-
fehlbetrag) 
1,200 
398 
 
Transfer to other retained earnings 
(Einstellung in andere Gewinnrücklagen) 
-600 
-148 
 
Withdrawals from capital reserve 
(Entnahmen aus der Kapitalrücklage) 
— 
__________________ 
— 
________________ 
 
Distributable profit (Bilanzgewinn) 
600 
 
 
250 
(b) plus any profits brought forward  
 
Profit carried forward from previous year 
(Gewinnvortrag aus dem Vorjahr) 
— 
— 
(c) reserves available for that purpose 
Additional transfer to other retained 
earnings (Einstellung in andere 
Gewinnrücklagen) 
— 
— 
Other retained earnings 
(Andere Gewinnrücklagen) 
4,401 
3,923 
Capital reserve (after withdrawals) 
(Kapitalrücklage (nach Entnahmen aus der 
Kapitalrücklage))4) 
10,087 
10,075 
(d) before distributions to holders of 
own funds instruments 
— 
— 
— 
(e) less any losses brought forward 
and any profits which are non-
distributable 
— 
— 
— 
(f) less any sums placed to non-
distributable reserves 
— 
— 
— 
=  Available Distributable Items3) 
— 
15,088 
14,248

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Available Distributable Items (§ 3 (9) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes)1) 
 
Relevant items from the annual financial 
statements of Commerzbank (in 
accordance with HGB) 
 
As of and for the financial year ended 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
 
 
(in EUR million, audited2), unless otherwise 
indicated) 
plus aggregated amount of interest 
expenses relating to Distributions on 
Tier 1 Instruments already accounted 
for in the determination of the profit on 
which the Available Distributable Items 
are based3) 
— 
1485) 
1506) 
= Amount referred to in § 3 (8)(b)(i) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as being available to cover 
Interest Payments on the Notes and 
Distributions on other Tier 1 
Instruments3) 
— 
15,236 
14,398 
1) 
The definition in § 3 (9) of the Terms and Conditions referes to Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR II, as amended from time to time. 
2) 
Each as taken from the audited annual financial statements of Commerzbank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023, which 
are incorporated by reference into, and from part of, this Base Prospectus (see "11 Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
3) 
Unaudited. 
4) 
The Issuer takes the view that the capital reserve (capital reserve pursuant to § 272 (2) no. 1 to 3 of the German Commercial Code 
(Kapitalrücklage)) is captured by Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR II and constitutes an eligible distributable item under the revised Article 4 (1) 
no. 128 CRR II (see also "2.2.2.3 The Issuer's ability to make Interest Payments depends, among other things, on the Issuer's Available 
Distributable Items, which, on any or all Interest Payment Dates, may not be sufficient."). The capital reserve (Kapitalrücklage) as of 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 (as shown in the audited annual financial statements of Commerzbank as of and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 which are incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, see 
"11 Documents Incorporated by Reference") amounted to EUR 10,087 million and EUR 10,075 million, respectively. 
5) 
The interest expense attributable to the Additional Tier 1 bonds of Commerzbank for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (as 
shown in the audited annual financial statements of Commerzbank as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 which are 
incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, see "11 Documents Incorporated by Reference") amounted to 
EUR 198 million. EUR 50 million of these expenses relate to payments already made in the financial year 2023. 
6) 
The interest expense attributable to the Additional Tier 1 bonds of Commerzbank for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (as 
shown in the audited annual financial statements of Commerzbank as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which are 
incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, see "11 Documents Incorporated by Reference") amounted to 
EUR 199 million. EUR 49 million of these expenses relate to payments already made in the financial year 2022. 
 
When making distributions (including Interest Payments on the Notes) from Available Distributable Items, if any, the 
Issuer presently intends to give due consideration to the capital hierarchy and to preserve the seniority of claims. 
However, the Issuer may, at its full discretion, cancel payments in respect of the Notes at any time even if sufficient 
Available Distributable Items are available and despite the Issuer making payments on claims that rank pari passu 
or even junior to the claims under the Notes. Furthermore, no assurance can be made as to, and investors should 
not rely on, the availability of Available Distributable Items in the future. 
6.2 
Regulatory Capital Requirements, Regulatory Ratios and Restrictions on Interest 
Payments 
Prohibitions of Interest Payments under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Issuer's discretion to cancel 
Interest Payments notwithstanding, Interest Payments will also be excluded if (and to the extent) such Interest 
Payments are prohibited or restricted under statutory law or by virtue of a decision of a competent supervisory 
authority of the Issuer. 
6.2.1 
Own Funds Requirements, Write-Down and Interest Payment Restrictions 
As part of the Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM") established within the eurozone by Council Regulation (EU) 
No 1024/2013 ("SSM Regulation"), the European Central Bank ("ECB") is the primary and direct supervisory 
authority of so-called "significant" credit institutions such as the Issuer. In particular, the ECB supervises the Issuer 
in relation to the own funds requirements set forth in the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended, in particular 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 ("CRR II") as well as in relation to the requirement to establish a proper business 
organisation, which includes, inter alia, having in place appropriate risk management processes, internal control 
mechanisms, remuneration policies and practices and effective internal capital adequacy assessment processes, 
as set forth in the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) and transposed from Directive 2013/36/EU, as 
amended, in particular by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the "CRD V"). The German Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – "BaFin") has certain remaining supervisory tasks in 
relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
6.2.1.1 
Total Capital Requirements, Buffer Requirements and Additional Supervisory Capital Requirements  
The CRR II requires the Issuer to meet at all times, on a consolidated basis, a minimum amount of total own funds 
of 8% of the risk-weighted assets ("RWA") of the Issuer's group and also imposes minimum requirements for Tier 1 
capital of 6% and Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital of 4.5% of RWA (all within the meaning of the CRR II). 
Therefore, to meet the total capital requirement of 8%, the Issuer may use up to 2% Tier 2 capital. In addition, and 
on the basis of the annual supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP"), the ECB has imposed on the Issuer 
additional individual capital requirements of 2.25% referred to as "Pillar 2" requirements.  
Under CRD V, since 29 December 2020 and as implemented in the EU member states, institutions are permitted to 
meet parts of their Pillar 2 requirements with AT1 capital and Tier 2 capital. At least three quarters of such 
requirement shall be met with Tier 1 capital, of which at least three quarters shall be composed of Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital. The competent authority will have the power to impose a higher share of Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
to meet the Pillar 2 requirements, where necessary. 
In addition to both the minimum capital requirements set forth in the CRR II and the "Pillar 2" requirements set by 
the ECB, certain capital buffer requirements must be met with Common Equity Tier 1 capital. The respective CRD V 
requirements have been implemented into German law by §§ 10c et seqq. KWG which specified four capital buffers 
usually applied:  
(i) 
the capital conservation buffer (as implemented in Germany by § 10c KWG); 
(ii) 
the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer (as implemented in Germany by § 10d KWG);  
(iii) 
the global systemically important institutions buffer (G-SII buffer) or, depending on the institution, the other 
systemically important institutions buffer (O-SII buffer) (as implemented in Germany by §§ 10f and 10g KWG); 
and  
(iv) 
the systemic risk buffer (as implemented in Germany by § 10e KWG). 
Insofar as these buffers are not set out in statutory law, BaFin as national competent or designated authority is 
competent to set the buffer rates applicable to the Issuer. In accordance with Article 5 (2) SSM Regulation, the ECB 
may, if deemed necessary, set higher buffer rates than those applied by BaFin. All applicable capital buffers are 
aggregated in a combined buffer requirement as set forth in § 10i (1) KWG. In relation to the institution-specific 
countercyclical capital buffer it should be noted that it may fluctuate as it is calculated as a weighted average of the 
countercyclical capital buffers applicable in the various countries where Commerzbank Group's relevant credit 
exposures are located. The countercyclical capital buffers are normally set by the national authorities in their 
discretion and may differ from country to country. The countercyclical capital buffer is hence expected to fluctuate 
from time to time. As more than half of Commerzbank Group's RWA are located in Germany, any implementation 
of a national countercyclical capital buffer by the competent German supervisory authority will impact the CET1 
requirement of Commerzbank Group significantly.  
On 31 January 2022, BaFin enacted a general administrative act by which the national countercyclical capital buffer 
has been increased from 0% to 0.75%, effective from 1 February 2022. The new rate had to be applied to calculate 
the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer with effect from 1 February 2023. This decision is confirmed for 
the first quarter of 2024. Furthermore, on 30 March 2022, BaFin enacted a general administrative act by which the 
systemic risk capital buffer on risk-weighted assets on loans secured by residential property has been set to 2%, 
effective from 1 April 2022. The new rate had to be applied to calculate the institution-specific systemic risk capital 
buffer with effect from 1 February 2023.  
In addition, following the SREP, the ECB may communicate to institutions an expectation to hold further Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital, the so-called "Pillar 2 guidance". Although the Pillar 2 guidance is not legally binding and failure 
to meet the Pillar 2 guidance does not automatically trigger legal action, the ECB has stated that it expects banks 
to meet the Pillar 2 guidance.  
Commerzbank is required, on a consolidated basis, to maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of at 
least 10.34% based on figures as of 31 March 2024. This CET1 capital requirement includes the minimum Pillar 1 
requirement (4.5%), the CET1 capital portion that is required to meet the Pillar 2 requirement resulting from the 
implementation of CRD V (1.266%), the capital conservation buffer (2.5%), the countercyclical capital buffer 
(0.66%), the systemic risk capital buffer (0.10%) and the requirement deriving from Commerzbank's designation as 
an O-SII (or domestic systemically important bank (D-SIB)) (1.25%). Commerzbank allocated higher quality CET1 
capital to meet the minimum Tier 1 capital requirement that could have been covered with additional tier 1 (AT1) 
capital (0.07%). 
The resulting CET1 capital requirement of 10.34% sets the level below which Commerzbank Group would be 
required to calculate the maximum distributable amount, which is determined in accordance with § 10(1) sentence

--- Page 161 ---
161 
1 no. 5 (e) KWG in connection with § 37 of the German Solvency Regulation (Solvabilitätsverordnung, "SolvV") for 
the combined capital buffer requirement in accordance with § 10i KWG (the "Maximum Distributable Amount"). 
In comparison, Commerzbank's last reported consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 ratio as of 31 March 2024 was 
14.9%. This results in a distance of 455 basis points to the minimum Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (10.34%) below 
which a calculation of the Maximum Distributable Amount would be required. 
6.2.1.2 
Write-down under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The Notes are intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Instruments pursuant to Article 52 CRR II. In accordance with 
Article 52(1)(n), 54(1)(a)(i) CRR II, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes specify that the nominal amount of the 
Notes is subject to a write-down (a "Write-down"). 
In case of a Write-down, and with effect from the date of the notification, and thus the occurrence, of such Write-
down, Interest Payments will be calculated on the basis of the reduced nominal amount of the Notes and thus not 
accrue in full. In such event, Holders would receive no, or reduced, Interest Payments on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
A Write-down will be effected upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event. A "Trigger Event" occurs if, at any time, the 
common equity tier 1 capital ratio pursuant to Article 92 (1)(a) CRR II of the Issuer (the "Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio"), determined on either (i) a consolidated basis or (ii) an individual basis, falls below the minimum 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio specified in the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes (which shall be 
at least 5.125 per cent.) (the "Minimum CET1 Ratio"), provided that (i) while the Trigger Event in respect of the 
Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on a consolidated basis may occur at any time, (ii) a Trigger Event in respect of 
the Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on an individual basis shall only occur if the Issuer should, in the future 
pursuant to the regulations applicable to it or an administrative order, be required to comply with the prudential 
requirements on an individual basis as well and, for this purpose, to determine the Minimum CET1 Ratio on an 
individual basis. This Minimum CET1 Ratio is the minimum level required by Article 52(1)(n), 54(1)(a) CRR II.  
For the application of the Write-down mechanism under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, see also 
"2.2.4.1 The redemption amount and the nominal amount of the Notes will be reduced under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, which may result in lower Interest Payments as 
well as lower capital payments upon repayment of the Notes. In case of a reduction of the redemption amount and 
the nominal amount of the Notes to zero, this may result in a full loss of the money invested in the Notes. Any 
indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer is moving towards the level of a Trigger Event 
may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.". 
6.2.1.3 
Restrictions on Interest Payments 
If the Issuer fails to meet the combined buffer requirement, which is the case if the Issuer does not have sufficient 
own funds (of the required qualities, as applicable) in an amount needed to meet at the same time (a) its minimum 
capital requirements under the CRR II, (b) any additional capital requirements, such as the "Pillar 2" requirement 
imposed on the Issuer by the ECB on the basis of the annual SREP, and (c) the sum of the capital buffers applicable 
to it, the Issuer will be required to calculate the Maximum Distributable Amount, notify such amount to BaFin and 
the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and prepare and submit to BaFin and the German Central Bank 
a capital conservation plan in which the Issuer needs to explain how to increase its own funds with the objective of 
meeting fully the combined buffer requirement. Until BaFin has approved the capital conservation plan, the Issuer 
will be prohibited from making any Interest Payments on the Notes (as set forth in § 10i (3) sentence 2 no. 3 KWG). 
Upon approval of the capital conservation plan or upon specific approval of BaFin to do so, the Issuer will be entitled 
to make Interest Payments on the Notes, however only up to the amount of its Maximum Distributable Amount (as 
set forth in § 10i (7) sentence 3 and (8) sentence 1 no. 2 KWG which implement Article 141 (3) CRD V). The 
Maximum Distributable Amount is calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution accrued since the last 
distribution of profits as further defined in § 37 (2) SolvV. The applicable percentage is scaled according to the extent 
of the breach of the combined buffer requirement. As an example, if the scaling is in the bottom quartile of the 
combined buffer requirement, no Interest Payments or other discretionary distributions will be permitted to be made. 
As a consequence, in the event of breach of the combined buffer requirement it may be necessary to reduce 
discretionary payments, including potentially exercising the Issuer's discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) Interest 
Payments in respect of the Notes. 
CRD V, as implemented into German law, introduces certain clarifications to the combined buffer requirements, in 
particular establishing a clear stacking order of the different requirements. Furthermore, CRD V specifies 
circumstances in which an institution will be considered as failing to meet the combined buffer requirement, and 
thus has to calculate the Maximum Distributable Amount. 
In addition and under certain conditions, the ECB may restrict or prohibit all or part of the Interest Payments as set 
forth in Article 16 (1) in connection with (2) point (i) of the SSM Regulation. Pursuant to Article 16 (1) SSM 
Regulation, the ECB has the powers set out in Article 16 (2) SSM Regulation to require a significant credit institution

--- Page 162 ---
162 
in a participating EU Member State (such as the Issuer) to take the necessary measures at an early stage to address 
relevant problems in particular (a) when the credit institution does not meet the requirements of the CRR II or the 
CRD V, (b) when there is evidence that the credit institution is likely to breach these requirements within the next 
twelve months or (c) when, based on a determination, in the framework of a supervisory review that the 
arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms implemented by the credit institution and the own funds and 
liquidity held by it, a sound management and coverage of its risks is not ensured. Pursuant to Article 16 (2) point (i) 
SSM Regulation, the ECB has the power to restrict or prohibit distributions by the credit institution to shareholders, 
members or holders of Additional Tier 1 Instruments where the prohibition does not constitute an event of default of 
the institution. Relevant cases where the ECB may restrict or prohibit the Issuer from making any Interest Payment 
exist, for example, if the Issuer does not meet the minimum own funds requirements set forth in the CRR II or any 
additional capital requirements ordered by the ECB, such as the "Pillar 2" requirements set by the ECB as a result 
of the annual SREP. 
CRD V also introduced a new potential restriction on distributions in case an institution qualifying as a G-SIB fails to 
meet a newly introduced leverage buffer requirement with sufficient Tier 1 capital. In such case, the institution would 
have to calculate the so-called 'leverage ratio related maximum distributable amount' ("L-MDA") which may limit 
distributions on capital instruments under CRD V. The EU Commission is expected to review from time to time 
whether the leverage ratio buffer requirement and the calculation of the L-MDA should be extended to O-SIIs. 
Presently, the Issuer does not qualify as a G-SIB, but is regarded an O-SII. 
6.2.2 
Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) and Future Payment 
Restrictions 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union ("EU") adopted Directive 
2014/59/EU, which has been amended, in particular, by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (commonly referred to as the 'Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive', the "BRRD II") which is transposed into German law by the German Recovery 
and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz – "SAG"). For credit institutions established in the 
eurozone, such as the Issuer, which are supervised within the framework of the SSM, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, 
as amended, in particular by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 (the "SRM Regulation II") provides for a coherent 
application of the resolution rules across the eurozone under responsibility of the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), 
which is an EU agency, with effect since 1 January 2016 (this framework is referred to as the 'Single Resolution 
Mechanism', the "SRM").  
Within the SRM, the SRB is responsible for adopting resolution decisions in close cooperation with the ECB, the 
European Commission, the Council of the EU and national resolution authorities in the event that a significant credit 
institution directly supervised by the ECB, such as the Issuer, is failing or likely to fail and certain other conditions 
are met. The national resolution authorities in the EU member states concerned would implement such resolution 
decision adopted by the SRB in accordance with the powers conferred on them under the national laws transposing 
the BRRD II. Since 1 January 2018, the national resolution authority competent for Germany and the Issuer is BaFin.  
6.2.2.1 
MREL Requirements 
Pursuant to the European and German recovery and resolution legislation, banks and securities companies are 
required to prepare recovery plans and participate in the preparation of resolution plans by the competent resolution 
authority. The competent regulatory authority may trigger early intervention measures to confront a critical financial 
situation. If the requirements for resolution are met, the competent resolution authority may order that all obstacles 
to resolution be eliminated and, in turn, undertake a range of measures, including the use of resolution tools. 
Furthermore, affected banks are required to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(Minimum Requirement for Eligible Liabilities, "MREL") which are determined by the competent resolution authority 
for each institution and the group to which it belongs on an annual basis or at other intervals determined by the 
authority. With implementation of BRRD II into German law and SRM Regulation II into force, the MREL framework 
was revised. In particular, BRRD II and SRM Regulation II provide for more rigorous criteria for the eligibility of 
MREL instruments. 
Commerzbank was informed of a formal MREL requirement from the SRB and an implementing decision by BaFin 
with a letter dated 16 May 2023. The resolution approach is a multiple point of entry (MPE) approach with two 
separate resolution groups. Resolution group A consists of Commerzbank group without mBank sub-group and 
resolution group B consists of mBank sub-group. Commerzbank has to comply with the MREL requirement solely 
for resolution group A. The MREL requirement is binding as of 1 January 2024. It is expressed as a percentage of 
the total risk exposure amount ("TREA") and stands at 23.40% and the leverage ratio exposure ("LRE") which 
stands at 6.53%. The MREL requirement was calculated based on the SRB's 2022 MREL policy and is based on 
data as of 31 December 2021. Additionally, Commerzbank received a formal MREL subordination requirement of 
15.76% TREA and 6.53% LRE.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
In connection with the provisions regarding the "maximum distributable amount related to the minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities" ("M-MDA") Commerzbank has to fulfil the current combined buffer requirement 
in relation to resolution group A ("CBR") in addition to the TREA MREL requirement. As of 31 March 2024, the CBR 
is at 4.58% TREA. Therefore, the TREA MREL requirement including the CBR is at 27.98% TREA, 
respectively 20.34% TREA for the subordination requirement. 
On 13 May 2024, Commerzbank was informed of a new formal MREL requirement from the SRB and an 
implementing decision by BaFin with which the decision of 16 May 2023 was repealed. The new MREL requirement 
is binding as of 13 May 2024. It is expressed as a percentage of the TREA and stands at 23.44% and the LRE which 
stands at 6.78%. The MREL requirement was calculated based on the SRB's 2023 MREL policy and is based on 
data as of 31 December 2022. Additionally, Commerzbank received a formal MREL subordination requirement of 
18.07% TREA and 6.78% LRE. 
Based on data as of 31 March 2024, Commerzbank complied with the MREL TREA requirement with a ratio of 
32.56% and the MREL LRE requirement with a ratio of 8.91%. In more detail, the MREL ratio as of 31 March 2024 
is composed of 21.79% of TREA (5.96% LRE) of own funds instruments (including amortized amounts (regulatory) 
of Tier 2 instruments with a maturity of more than one year), 6.75% of TREA (1.85% LRE) of non-preferred senior 
obligations with a maturity of more than one year (non-preferred senior status in accordance with § 46f of the German 
Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) or by contract) and 4.01% of TREA (1.10% LRE) of other MREL eligible 
instruments with a maturity of more than one year (preferred senior unsecured instruments). Commerzbank meets 
the subordination requirement with a ratio of 28.54% of TREA (7.81% LRE). 
6.2.2.2 
Restrictions on Interest Payments 
The MREL framework under the SRM Regulation II and BRRD II confers certain supervisory powers to the SRB 
under SRM Regulation II and to BaFin under the SAG, implementing BRRD II in Germany, which allow the 
competent authority to, for example, prohibit payments on AT1 Instruments. Subject to the requirements under the 
SRM Regulation II, the SRB may impose upon the Issuer a prohibition under which it would be prohibited to distribute 
more than the M-MDA. The prohibition under the M-MDA may be imposed if the Issuer meets the combined buffer 
requirement, but fails to meet the combined buffer requirement when considered in addition to the MREL 
requirements, and the competent authority shall exercise its power in case it finds that the Issuer still fails to meet 
such requirement nine months after such situation has been notified. Unlike under the Maximum Distributable 
Amount framework of the CRD V, the M-MDA is not triggered automatically in the first nine-month period following 
notification of the failure to meet such requirement, but rather may only be imposed by the SRB in its discretion. 
6.2.3 
Regulatory Figures and Ratios  
The following table sets forth certain regulatory figures and ratios of Commerzbank Group: 
Regulatory figures and ratios 
As of 
 
31 March 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
31 March 
2023 
 
(EUR billion, unless otherwise specified) 
(unaudited, unless otherwise indicated) 
Risk-weighted assets (with transitional provisions) ........  
173.1 
175.14) 
171.5 
of which: credit risk......................................................  
142.7 
144.04) 
142.9 
of which: market risk1) .................................................  
7.8 
8.34) 
7.6 
of which: operational risk .............................................  
22.6 
22.84) 
21.1 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
(with transitional provisions) .......................................  
14.9% 
14.7%4) 
14.2% 
Equity Tier 1 ratio (with transitional provisions) ..............  
16.7% 
16.5%4) 
16.1% 
Total capital ratio (with transitional provisions) ..............  
19.5% 
19.3%4) 
18.9% 
Leverage ratio2) ..............................................................  
4.6% 
4.9%4) 
4.8% 
NPE ratio3) .....................................................................  
0.8% 
0.8%4) 
1.1% 
 
1) 
Includes credit valuation adjustment risk. 
2) 
The leverage ratio is calculated pursuant to Article 429 CRR as an institution's capital measure divided by that institution's total exposure 
measure, expressed as a percentage, and is designed to discourage the build-up of excessive leverage by the Issuer. 
3) 
Calculated as the default portfolio (non-performing exposures) as a proportion of total exposures (exposure at default, including non-
performing exposures) in accordance with the European Banking Authority's requirements. 
4) 
Audited. 
 
Source: Company information.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
7 COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
7.1 
History and development, name, registered office, corporate purpose and financial 
year 
Commerzbank was founded in Hamburg as "Commerz- und Disconto-Bank" in 1870. Following a temporary 
decentralization, Commerzbank was re-established on 1 July 1958 after a re-merger of successor institutions 
created as part of the post-war breakup in 1952. Commerzbank's registered office is in Frankfurt am Main and its 
head office is at Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz), 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, Tel. +49-69-136-20. It is 
registered in the commercial register of the Local Court of Frankfurt am Main under the number HRB 32000. The 
Bank's legal name is Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. In its business dealings, the Bank uses the name 
Commerzbank. The Bank was established under German law for an indefinite period and operates under German 
law. 
In accordance with Article 2 of the Articles of Association, Commerzbank's corporate purpose is to conduct banking 
transactions and to offer financial services and other related services and transactions, including the acquisition, 
holding and disposal of interests in other entities. The Bank may realize its corporate purpose itself, through affiliated 
companies and equity participations or through the conclusion of affiliation and cooperation agreements with third 
parties. It is entitled to have recourse to all transactions and measures which are suitable for promoting its corporate 
purpose, in particular the establishment of branches in Germany and abroad and the acquisition, management and 
disposal of interests in other enterprises. 
Commerzbank's financial year is the calendar year. 
The website of Commerzbank is www.commerzbank.com. The information on this website does not form part of the 
Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
"11 Documents Incorporated by Reference"). The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of Commerzbank is 
851WYGNLUQLFZBSYGB56. 
7.2 
Description of the Business of the Commerzbank Group 
Commerzbank considers itself a leading bank for the German Mittelstand, i.e. small and medium size enterprises 
("SMEs") and strives to be a strong partner for corporate client groups and private and small-business customers in 
Germany. The Bank offers a comprehensive portfolio of financial services in the two business segments "Private 
and Small-Business Customers" and "Corporate Clients".  
In its corporate client business, the focus is on meeting the needs of German corporate clients and international 
customers with connectivity to Germany, Austria and Switzerland or companies operating in selected future-oriented 
sectors (i.e., mobility, sustainability, communications, life sciences / chemicals, capital goods). In the Private and 
Small-Business Customers segment, the Bank serves its customers through the Commerzbank and comdirect 
brands via online and mobile channels, in the advisory centre and personally in its branches. The two segments 
Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients are each managed by a member of the Board of 
Managing Directors. All staff and management functions are contained in Group Management: Group Audit, Group 
Communications, Group Finance, Group Human Resources, Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group 
Research, Group Strategy, Transformation & Sustainability, Group Tax, Group Treasury and the central risk 
functions. The support functions, including IT, organisational, security and processing services, are provided by 
Group Services. The staff, management and support functions are combined in the Others and Consolidation 
division. 
On the domestic market, Commerzbank is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, from where it manages its branch 
network and its advisory centre. Outside Germany, the Bank is active through its subsidiaries, branches and 
representative offices and is represented in all major financial centres, such as London, New York, Tokyo and 
Singapore. However, the focus of its international activities is on Europe. 
7.2.1 
Private and Small-Business Customers segment 
The Private and Small-Business Customers segment encompasses branch business in Germany, the comdirect 
brand, Commerz Real and the mBank Group. 
7.2.1.1 
Private Customers and Small-Business Customers Group divisions 
The Private Customers Group division comprises the German branch operations of Commerzbank for private, 
private banking and wealth management customers. The Small-Business Customers Group division brings together 
the activities relating to corporate and smaller customers.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
The German branch operations offer the services of a universal bank for private customers, private banking and 
wealth management customers, and small-business customers, via online and mobile channels, in the advisory 
centre and personally in its branches. The Bank's product offering for private and small-business customers consist 
of solutions for accounts and payments, investments, financing and retirement savings. With investments, 
Commerzbank customers can select the right custody account from a range of several models. Mandate business 
includes wealth management and asset management. The product range also includes various solutions for 
individual and consumer loans and retail mortgage financing. 
The Bank provides independent advice on investments, so it does not solely offer its own products. The Bank's 
investment advisory services are based on an open fund architecture. It cooperates with strategic partners chosen 
according to fixed criteria in an independent fund selection process. 
The Bank also offers specific products and services for particular customer groups. Private banking and wealth 
management customers are offered specialized advice and a broad portfolio of individual products and services. 
They can also use a wide range of services (including securities, real estate and credit management, asset 
management, wealth planning, family office solutions, and inheritance and trust management). Customers have 
access to specialists in securities, real estate and loans, in addition to a relationship manager who functions as the 
customer's permanent contact. Furthermore, the Bank has specialists who can advise customers on asset 
management, and inheritance and trust management. 
Commerzbank offers advice to small-business customers on matters related to both private and business banking 
based on a business model tailored to meet their needs. The specific range of products and services offered to 
small-business customers includes tailored account models, swift and easy granting of loans as well as a selection 
of direct banking services. Specialized software solutions for online banking facilitate payment transaction 
processing for small-business customers. In addition, Commerzbank advises its customers on foreign markets and 
offers different solutions to secure import and export transactions including FX business. 
7.2.1.2 
comdirect brand 
Comdirect was founded in 1994 as a subsidiary of Commerzbank and has continued as a Commerzbank brand 
since merging with the parent company in November 2020. As a digital bank, comdirect provides customers with 
advice and support 24 hours a day. As a service broker, comdirect aims to be the customer's first choice for saving, 
investing, and trading securities. 
7.2.1.3 
Commerz Real division 
Commerz Real is the asset manager for real asset investments of the Commerzbank Group. Assets of around EUR 
34 billion are managed at the Wiesbaden headquarters and 17 other locations and branches in Germany and 
abroad. The fund spectrum includes the open-ended real estate fund Hausinvest, Germany's first retail impact fund 
for real assets Klimavest, institutional investment products as well as entrepreneurial participations in real estate, 
aircraft, energy and ships. In its role as leasing company of the Commerzbank Group, Commerz Real offers tailored 
equipment leasing concepts. 
The Commerz Real division is part of the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, but also provides 
products for the Corporate Clients segment. In addition to linking itself closely with Commerzbank in terms of 
distribution, the Commerz Real division also cooperates with third-party distributors in the area of investment 
products. 
7.2.1.4 
mBank Group division 
mBank S.A., together with its subsidiaries ("mBank" or "mBank Group"), is Poland's fifth largest universal banking 
group in terms of total assets as at 31 December 2023. It offers retail, SME, corporate and investment banking as 
well as other financial services such as leasing, factoring, commercial real estate financing, brokerage, wealth 
management, distribution of insurance, corporate finance and advisory in the scope of capital markets. In addition 
to retail and corporate clients in Poland, mBank is also servicing clients in the Czech Republic and Slovakia via its 
foreign branches operating in the retail segment. 
mBank provides professional top-quality customer service and a comprehensive flexible offer in both business 
areas. It aspires to be a leading retail banking franchise integrated with client life cycle. Organization around 
demographic segments allow for developing a value proposition precisely responding to the needs, including 
mortgage lending, investments, personal financial management (PFM) tools and ecosystem of non-banking 
services. mBank assists entrepreneurs and small firms by providing them with industry-customized expertise and 
integrated platform for supporting their different business-related activities. Larger companies and international 
corporations are provided with a full range of commercial banking solutions supplemented by an advanced 
transactional banking system.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
mBank's product distribution concept consolidates the most advanced technological solutions which address 
evolving customer preferences and set the trend in the Polish banking sector. Online and mobile access, as well as 
the physical network and a call centre, provide a comprehensive platform for clients to interact with mBank. 
In line with its ESG strategy, the bank wants to remain a leader in sustainable banking in Poland. It has defined its 
responsibility for climate, society, financial health of the clients and being in line with declared ESG values. 
7.2.2 
Corporate Clients segment 
The Corporate Clients segment comprises the Group's activities with mid-size corporate clients, the public sector, 
institutional customers and multinational corporates. Among other things, it is also responsible for the Group's 
relationships with banks and financial institutions in Germany and abroad, as well as with central banks, and the 
Group's customer-oriented capital markets activities are also bundled in this segment. It also includes the Group's 
Lending and Segment & Business Controls departments. Furthermore, the Group's Transaction Banking Sales 
department supports the Corporate Clients segment's divisions in offering cash services and trade finance to its 
clients. The segment's regional focus is on Germany and Western Europe. The segment offers customers the 
complete range of products of an international full-service bank, from traditional credit products and individually 
tailored financing solutions to cash management and trade finance, investment and hedging products and 
customized capital market solutions. 
The Corporate Clients segment comprises four reporting areas: (i) the Mittelstand division, (ii) the International 
Corporates division, (iii) the Institutionals division, and (iv) the Others division. The first three divisions operate the 
Group's business focusing on the segment's core customers. 
The Mittelstand division addresses the German Mittelstand (i.e. SME customers) and domestic large corporates, 
providing the relevant products they require.  
The International Corporates division services corporate clients headquartered abroad and large German 
multinational companies.  
The Institutionals division is responsible for managing relationships with banks in Germany and abroad, as well as 
those with central banks and selected non-bank financial institutions (NBFIs) such as insurance companies and 
pension funds. 
The Others division handles all business that either has a cross-segment risk management function or falls outside 
the strategic focus of the Corporate Clients segment. This mainly relates to assets transferred from the former run-
off segments and effects from hedging positions. 
7.3 
Strategy 
In February 2021, and updated in November 2022, Commerzbank resolved its strategy for the period ending 2024 
(the "Strategy 2024"). The resolution initiated an in-depth restructuring programme as well as a comprehensive 
digitalisation of the Bank. The objective of the transformation was to combine the benefits of a fully digitalised bank 
with personal advice, consistent customer focus, and sustainability. 
The restructuring included a gross reduction of almost 10,000 full-time equivalents and deep cuts in the Bank's 
branch network. Furthermore, a new business model has been established: In the Bank's business with private and 
small business customers services are offered across all channels (i.e. in branches, in the advisory centre and via 
digital access) based on a two-brand strategy built around Commerzbank and comdirect. In the corporate customer 
business, the focus is on meeting the needs of German corporate clients and international customers with 
connectivity to Germany, Austria and Switzerland or companies operating in selected future-oriented sectors (i.e., 
mobility, sustainability, communications, life sciences/chemicals, capital goods). Key initiatives are on products, e.g. 
cooperation model for equity sales & trading as well as equity research, and on product infrastructure, e.g. 
consolidation of booking and trading applications. Sustainability is a further cornerstone of the "Strategy 2024" 
programme. Commerzbank is fully committed to the Paris Climate Agreement. In keeping with that commitment, 
among other things, the Bank has pledged to reduce the carbon emissions of its entire lending and investment 
portfolio to net zero by 2050 the latest. 
In November 2023, Commerzbank set out its strategy programme up to 2027. It builds on the "Strategy 2024". On 
the back of this, the Bank aims to enlarge the earnings base with a focus on digital banking, asset management and 
sustainable finance, further improve the cost/income ratio, and increase the return on equity.  
The aim is to increase net income to EUR 3.4 billion and to improve the return on tangible equity (RoTE) to more 
than 11%. On this basis, the Bank intends to earn its cost of capital. The Bank intends to increase the net commission 
income to contribute to this, while net interest income is expected to rise moderately from an already high level.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Financial management will continue to be based on the cost/income ratio, which is expected to improve to around 
55%. 
A target of 13.5% is set for the Core Tier 1 ratio. The Bank plans to return more capital to its shareholders: For 2025 
to 2027, the aim is to attain a payout ratio of more than 50%, but not more than the consolidated profit after deduction 
of AT1 coupon payments. 
The strategy until 2027 is based on three pillars: growth, excellence and responsibility. The Bank intends to support 
its customers with relevant products and solutions and to further improve the customer experience across all 
channels, i.e., in branches, in the advisory center, and via digital access points. The revenue base is expected to 
be strengthened primarily through expanded fee business. To increase its efficiency, the Bank will focus on 
simplifying digital processes. The cost/income ratio is also to be improved on this basis. Sustainability continues to 
be a key component of the strategy. The Bank will strive to actively shape the sustainable transformation of the 
German economy. Employees are crucial for successfully implementing the strategy. Therefore, the Bank will 
strengthen its position as an attractive employer for its employees and talents. 
7.4 
Group structure 
Commerzbank is the parent company of the Commerzbank Group. The following table provides an overview of the main 
subsidiaries held by the Bank, both directly and indirectly, as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Company 
Registered office 
Commerz Real AG .........................................................................................................  
Wiesbaden  
Commerzbank (Eurasija) AO ..........................................................................................  
Moscow 
Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S.A. ................................................................  
Luxembourg 
Commerz Markets LLC ..................................................................................................  
Wilmington, Delaware 
mBank S.A. ....................................................................................................................  
Warsaw  
7.5 
Rating 
The following table shows Commerzbank's long-term and short-term ratings as of 5 June 2024: 
Rating 
agency 
Long-term rating 
 
Short-
term 
rating 
 
Issuer 
Credit 
Rating 
(long-term 
debt) 
Preferred 
senior 
unsecured 
debt 
Non-
preferred 
senior 
unsecured 
debt 
Subordinated 
debt 
(Tier 2) 
Public Sector 
Pfandbriefe/ 
Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe 
Additional-
Tier-1 
(AT1) 
 
S & P Global 
Ratings 
("S&P") 
A- 
A- 
BBB- 
BB+ 
– 
BB- 
A-2 
Moody's 
Investors 
Service, Inc. 
("Moody's") 
A2 
A2 
Baa2 
Baa3 
Aaa 
Ba2 
P-1 
 
The rating agencies define the ratings as follows: 
S&P: 
A: 
An obligor rated 'A' has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat 
more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic 
conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. 
An obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. 
However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still 
strong. 
 
BBB: 
An obligor rated 'BBB' has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, 
adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. 
 
 
An obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. 
 
BB: 
An obligation rated 'BB' is less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues. 
However, it faces major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial,

--- Page 168 ---
168 
or economic conditions that could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
 
Rating categories defined by S&P rank from "AAA" (highest category) to "D" (default). The ratings from "AA" to 
"CCC" may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show the relative standing within the 
rating categories. 
 
A-2: 
A short-term obligation rated 'A-2' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of 
changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher rating 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation is satisfactory. 
 
Rating categories defined by S&P rank from "A-1" (highest category) to "D" (default). 
Moody's: 
Aaa: 
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level 
of risk. 
 
A: 
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit 
risk. 
 
Baa: 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk 
and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. 
 
Ba: 
Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit 
risk. 
 
Rating categories defined by Moody's rank from "Aaa" (highest category) to "C" (lowest category). Moody's 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from "Aa" through "Caa". The 
modifier "1" indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. 
 
P-1: 
Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Prime-1 have a superior ability to repay short-
term debt obligations. 
 
Rating categories defined by Moody's rank from "P-1" (superior) to "P-3" (acceptable). 
 
The ratings from S&P and Moody's were issued by subsidiaries of these agencies. These subsidiaries, S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Ltd. (Niederlassung Deutschland) and Moody's Deutschland GmbH, each having its registered 
office in Frankfurt am Main, are registered with ESMA in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to 
time, and are included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). 
Each rating reflects the opinion of the particular rating agency at the given reported point in time. Investors should 
consider each rating individually and obtain additional information and a more detailed understanding of the 
significance of the credit rating provided by the relevant rating agency. Rating agencies may change their ratings at 
any time if they are of the opinion that specific circumstances require such a change. Investors should not regard 
the long-term ratings as a recommendation to buy, hold or sell securities. 
7.6 
Board of Managing Directors and Supervisory Board 
7.6.1 
Board of Managing Directors 
The Bank's Board of Managing Directors currently consists of seven members. 
The following overview shows the members of the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank, their responsibilities, and the 
names of all companies and partnerships outside Commerzbank Group of which they are currently a member of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies or a partner. 
Name  
Responsibility 
External mandates 
Dr. Manfred Knof........................ 
Chairman 
 
Group Audit 
Group Communications 
Group Legal 
Group Strategy, 
Transformation & 
Sustainability 
Group Research 
 
None

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Name  
Responsibility 
External mandates 
Dr. Bettina Orlopp ...................... 
Deputy Chairwoman 
Group Finance 
Group Investor Relations 
Group Tax 
Group Treasury 
 
• Member of the Board of Supervisory 
Directors 
of 
Kreditanstalt 
für 
Wiederaufbau AöR, Frankurt am Main 
 
Michael Kotzbauer ..................... 
Corporate Clients segment 
 
None 
Sabine Mlnarsky ........................ 
Group Human Resources 
 
None 
Dr. Jörg Oliveri del Castillo-
Schulz*) ...................................... 
Cross Functions 
Group comdirect Delivery 
Group Digital Transformation 
Group Operations 
Group Operations Projects & 
Processes 
Group Organisation & 
Security 
Group Technology 
Foundations 
CIO Corporate Clients 
CIO Private and Small-
Business Customers 
 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
BVV 
Versicherungsverein 
des 
Bankgewerbes a.G., Berlin 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
BVV 
Pension 
Management 
GmbH, 
Berlin 
Thomas Schaufler ...................... 
Private and Small-Business 
Customers segment 
 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
SCHUFA Holding AG, Wiesbaden 
Bernhard Spalt ........................... 
Big Data & Advanced 
Analytics 
Group Validation 
Group Compliance 
Group Credit Risk 
Management 
Group Cyber Risk & 
Information Security 
Group Risk Control 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Österreichische Post Aktiengesellschaft, 
Vienna 
________ 
*) 
In mid-February 2024, Dr. Jörg Oliveri del Castillo-Schulz informed the Supervisory Board that he will not renew his contract which will 
run until the end of September 2024. 
At its meeting on 13 March 2024, the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank appointed Christiane Vorspel as Chief Operating 
Officer (COO) to the Board of Managing Directors. She will be succeeding Dr. Jörg Oliveri del Castillo-Schulz, who has been 
responsible for the Bank's IT and digital transformation as COO since the beginning of 2022. Christiane Vorspel is to take over 
the position by 1 October 2024 at the latest. Her appointment to the Board of Managing Directors is subject to the approval of 
the supervisory authority. 
The members of the Board of Managing Directors may be reached at the Bank's business address: Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz), 
60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
7.6.2 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with the Bank's Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board comprises twenty members. 
The following overview shows the members of the Bank's Supervisory Board together with, if applicable, their other 
administrative, management and supervisory board mandates and mandates on similar supervisory bodies both in 
Germany and abroad or their partnership stakes in enterprises and companies outside Commerzbank Group: 
Name 
Main activity 
Other 
administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory 
board 
mandates 
and 
partnerships both in Germany and abroad 
 
 
 
Prof. Dr. Jens Weidmann  .......... 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft 
AG, Munich 
 
Uwe Tschäge*) ........................... 
Banking professional 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
None

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Name 
Main activity 
Other 
administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory 
board 
mandates 
and 
partnerships both in Germany and abroad 
Heike Anscheit*) ......................... 
Banking professional 
None 
Gunnar de Buhr*) ........................ 
Banking professional 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of BVV 
Pensionsfonds des Bankgewerbes AG, 
Berlin 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of BVV 
Versicherungsverein des Bankgewerbes 
a.G., Berlin 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of BVV 
Pension Management GmbH, Berlin 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of BVV 
Versorgungskasse 
des 
Bankgewerbes 
e.V., Berlin 
 
Harald Christ .............................. 
Managing Shareholder of 
Christ & Company 
Consulting GmbH 
 
• Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Ernst 
Russ AG, Hamburg 
 
Dr. Frank Czichowski ................. 
Former Senior Vice 
President/Treasurer of KfW 
Bankengruppe 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Frontier Clearing Corporation B.V. (FCC), 
Amsterdam 
 
Sabine U. Dietrich ...................... 
Former member of the 
Board of Managing Directors 
of BP Europa SE 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of H&R 
GmbH & Co. KGaA, Salzbergen 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of MVV 
Energie AG, Mannheim 
 
Dr. Jutta A. Dönges.................... 
Chief Financial Officer of 
Uniper SE 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of TUI 
AG, Hanover 
 
Burkhard Keese ......................... 
Chief Financial Officer, 
Lloyd's of London 
None 
Maxi Leuchters*) ......................... 
Head of Corporate Law and 
Corporate Governance 
Division, Hans-Böckler-
Stiftung 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Stadtwerke Krefeld AG, Krefeld 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of PSD 
Bank Rhein-Ruhr eG, Düsseldorf 
Daniela Mattheus ....................... 
Lawyer, Management 
Consultant 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Deutsche Bahn AG, Berlin 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
JENOPTIK AG, Jena 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of Cewe 
Stiftung & Co. KGaA, Oldenburg 
 
Nina Olderdissen*) ...................... 
Banking professional 
None 
 
Sandra Persiehl*) ........................ 
Bank employee 
None 
 
Michael Schramm*) .................... 
Banking professional 
None 
 
Caroline Seifert .......................... 
Management Consultant for 
Transformation 
 
None 
 
Dr. Gertrude Tumpel-Gugerell ... 
Former member of the 
Executive Board of the 
European Central Bank 
 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of OMV 
AG, Vienna 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Vienna Insurance Group AG, Vienna  
• Member of the Supervisory Board of AT & 
S AG, Leoben 
 
Sascha Uebel*) ........................... 
Banking professional  
None

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Name 
Main activity 
Other 
administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory 
board 
mandates 
and 
partnerships both in Germany and abroad 
Frederik Werning*) ...................... 
Trade Union Secretary, 
Section for Banking, ver.di 
District Münsterland 
 
• Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Atruvia AG, Münster 
 
Frank Westhoff .......................... 
Former member of the 
Board of Managing Directors 
of DZ BANK AG 
 
None 
Ralf Stefan Wittmann*) ............... 
Trade Union Secretary of 
ver.di Trade Union National 
Administration 
None 
 
 
 
Honorary Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Klaus-Peter Müller 
________ 
*)          Elected by the Bank's employees 
 
The members of the Supervisory Board may be reached at the Bank's business address: Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz), 60311 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
7.6.3 
Potential conflicts of interest 
With respect to potential conflicts of interest between the obligations of the members of the Board of Managing 
Directors or the Supervisory Board to Commerzbank and their private interests or outside obligations, it is to be 
noted that members of the Board of Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board currently hold shares of 
Commerzbank. In order to prevent a potential conflict of interest with her role as CFO of Uniper SE, Dr. Jutta A. 
Dönges did not take part in any discussions or resolutions regarding loans from Commerzbank to Uniper SE. Beyond 
this, there are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the obligations of the members of the 
Board of Managing Directors or the Supervisory Board to the Bank on the one hand, and their private interests or 
outside obligations on the other. 
7.7 
Funding 
7.7.1 
Material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure since the end of the 
financial year 2023 
There has been no material change in the borrowing and funding structure of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
7.7.2 
Expected financing of the Issuer's activities 
7.7.2.1 
Planned funding measures 
The funding plan for 2024 envisages a volume of around EUR 10 billion, half of which will consist of Pfandbriefe. 
Around half of the funding plan had already been implemented by the end of the first quarter 2024.  
Commerzbank's borrowing on the capital market is influenced by its business performance and planning as well as 
the development of its risk-weighted assets. Commerzbank has access to the capital market through a broad range 
of products. In addition to unsecured funding instruments (preferred and non-preferred senior bonds, Tier 2 
subordinated debt and Additional Tier 1 capital), when refinancing Commerzbank can also issue secured funding 
instruments, in particular mortgage Pfandbriefe and public-sector Pfandbriefe. As such, Pfandbriefe are a key 
instrument of Commerzbank's funding mix. These give Commerzbank stable access to long-term funding with cost 
advantages compared with unsecured sources of funding. Issuance formats range from large-volume benchmark 
bonds to private placements. 
Group maturity profile of capital markets issues 
The following chart shows the maturity profile of capital markets issues of the Group as of 31 March 2024 for the 
period 2024 to 2028:

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Maturities until 20281) 
(€bn) 
 
 
1) 
Based on balance sheet figures, senior unsecured bonds include preferred and non-preferred senior bonds. 
Source: Company information. 
7.7.2.2 
Share capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Commerzbank amounts to EUR 1,184,669,009.00 and 
is divided into 1,184,669,009 no-par-value shares. The share capital is fully paid up. Each share in Commerzbank 
carries an equal share in the share capital and is entitled to one vote at the Annual General Meeting. 
7.8 
Major shareholders 
The German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz, "WpHG") requires holders of shares in a listed stock 
corporation to which voting rights are attached or instruments which relate to such shares to notify the respective 
issuer and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, 
BaFin) without undue delay of the level of their holdings if they reach, exceed or fall below certain thresholds. The 
initial threshold triggering a notification requirement is 3% of the voting rights of a stock corporation in the case of 
holdings in ordinary shares and 5% of the voting rights of a stock corporation in cases of instruments or cumulative 
holdings in ordinary shares and instruments. 
As of 5 June 2024, the following shareholders had notifiable holdings in the Bank above the respective initial 
notification thresholds: 
 
Major Holdings1) 
Shareholder 
 
Direct 
Shareholdings2) 
Indirect 
Shareholdings3) 
Instruments4) 
 
Total 
 
 
 
Federal Republic of Germany5) .................  
16.49% 
⎯ 
⎯ 
16.49% 
BlackRock, Inc.6)........................................  
⎯ 
7.29% 
0.13% 
7.42% 
State of Norway7) .......................................  
⎯ 
3.17% 
⎯ 
3.17% 
Norges Bank8) ......................................  
3.17% 
⎯ 
⎯ 
3.17% 
1) 
The percentage of voting rights has been calculated on the basis of Commerzbank's current total number of voting rights (as published 
pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act) and the information provided for in the respective shareholding notification. Percentages 
have been rounded. 
2) 
Direct shareholdings pursuant to section 33 of the WpHG. 
3) 
Indirect shareholdings pursuant to sections 33, 34 of the WpHG. 
4) 
Directly and indirectly held instruments pursuant to section 38 of the WpHG. 
5) 
Based on a shareholder notification dated 4 June 2013 notifying 195,308,542 voting rights and calculated based on the current total number 
of voting rights of Commerzbank. The shareholdings are held by Sondervermögen Finanzmarktstabilisierungsfonds (Financial Market 
Stabilisation Fund, FMS). 
6) 
Based on a shareholder notification dated 21 May 2024, including 7.29% attributed shareholdings held by various entities within the 
BlackRock group. No details regarding the individual shareholdings and holdings of notifiable instruments of such entities have been notified. 
7) 
Based on a shareholder notification dated 4 December 2023 and calculated based on the current total number of voting rights of 
Commerzbank. 
8) 
Based on a shareholder notification dated 4 December 2023 made by the Ministry of Finance on behalf of the State of Norway, identifying 
Norges Bank as a direct shareholder of more than 3% and calculated based on the current total number of voting rights of Commerzbank. 
 
Commerzbank has not submitted its management to any other company or person, for example on the basis of a 
domination agreement, nor is it controlled by any other company or any other person within the meaning of the 
German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz – WpÜG).

--- Page 173 ---
173 
7.9 
Historical financial information 
The audited annual financial statements of Commerzbank for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 as well as the respective independent auditor's reports thereon and the audited consolidated 
financial statements of Commerzbank for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 as 
well as the respective independent auditor's reports thereon are incorporated by reference into, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus (see "11 Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
7.10 
Interim financial information 
Commerzbank Group's unaudited interim financial information for the three-month period ended 31 March 2024 is 
incorporated by reference into, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (see "11 Documents Incorporated by 
Reference"). 
7.11 
Selected financial information 
The following selected financial information of the Group has been taken or derived from the audited consolidated 
financial statements of Commerzbank as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the European Union (IFRS) and the 
additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to § 315e(1) of the German Commercial Code (HGB), 
as well as from the unaudited group interim financial information of Commerzbank as of and for the three-month 
period ended 31 March 2024, unless otherwise indicated.  
Where financial information in the tables in this Base Prospectus is labelled "audited", it has been taken from the 
audited consolidated financial statements mentioned above. The label "unaudited" is used to indicate that financial 
information in the tables in this Base Prospectus has not been taken from the audited consolidated financial 
statements mentioned above but has been taken or derived from the unaudited group interim financial information 
mentioned above or Commerzbank's accounting records or management reporting or is based on calculations of 
figures from the aforementioned sources. 
 
 January – December 
January – March 
Income Statement 
(€m, unless otherwise indicated) 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
(audited, unless 
otherwise indicated) 
(unaudited) 
Net interest income ............................................. 
6,459 
8,368 
1,947 
2,126 
Net commission income ...................................... 
3,519 
3,386 
915 
920 
Risk result ........................................................... 
 -876 
-618 
-68 
-76 
Net income from financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value through profit or loss & 
Net income from hedge accounting ................... 
3381) 
-3201) 
-75 
-65 
Operating profit  .................................................. 
2,099 
3,421 
875 
1,084 
Consolidated profit or loss attributable to 
Commerzbank shareholders and investors in 
additional equity components ............................ 
1,435 
2,224 
580 
747 
Net RoTE (%)...................................................... 
4.91) 
7.71) 
8.32) 
10.52) 
Net RoE (%) ........................................................ 
4.71) 
7.41) 
8.02) 
10.12) 
Earnings per share (€) ........................................ 
0.99 
1.633) 
0.46 
0.623) 
  
Balance Sheet 
(€m, unless otherwise indicated) 
31 December 
20224) 
31 December 
2023 
31 March 
2024 
(audited, unless otherwise 
indicated) 
(unaudited) 
Total assets ........................................................ 
477,428 
517,166 
 
551,977 
Loans and advances5) ........................................ 
295,6311), 8) 
314,2061)  
328,4648) 
Deposits6) ........................................................... 
373,3461) 
410,1701)  
443,3258) 
Debt securities issued7) ...................................... 
42,0571) 
46,5811), 8)  
50,2698) 
Equity ................................................................. 
30,934 
 33,009 
 
33,220

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
1) 
Unaudited. 
2) 
Annualised. 
3) 
Based on average number of outstanding shares in the period. 
4) 
Figures as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 adjusted due to restatements of the comparative financial information in the consolidated 
financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
5) 
Sum of loans and advances in the IFRS 9 measurement categories financial assets at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income (OCI), 
mandatorily fair value through profit and loss (P&L) and held for trading (HfT). 
6) 
Sum of deposits in the IFRS 9 measurement categories financial liabilities at amortised cost and fair value option. 
7) 
Sum of debt securities issued in the IFRS 9 measurement categories financial liabilities at amortised cost and fair value option. 
8) 
Calculated based on figures from Commerzbank's accounting records. 
 
Net RoTE (Net return on tangible equity) is defined as the consolidated result attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and 
investors in additional equity components after pay-out accrual (if applicable) and after deduction of potential (fully discretionary) 
AT1 coupon divided by the average IFRS capital without non-controlling interests and without additional equity components after 
deduction of intangible assets (net of tax) reduced by potential pay-out accrual and potential (fully discretionary) AT 1 coupon. 
Net RoE (Return on equity of net result) is defined as the consolidated result attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and 
investors in additional equity components after pay-out accrual (if applicable) and after deduction of potential (fully discretionary) 
AT1 coupon divided by the average IFRS capital without non-controlling interests and without additional equity components 
reduced by potential pay-out accrual and potential (fully discretionary) AT 1 coupon. 
7.12 
Trend information 
7.12.1 
No material adverse change in the prospects 
Except as disclosed under "7.15.1 Recent developments" below, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of Commerzbank Group since 31 December 2023. 
7.12.2 
Significant change in the financial performance 
Except as disclosed under "7.15.1 Recent developments" below, there has been no significant change in the 
financial performance of Commerzbank Group since 31 March 2024. 
7.12.3 
Significant change in the financial position 
Except as disclosed under "7.15.1 Recent developments" below, there has been no significant change in the 
financial position of Commerzbank Group since 31 March 2024. 
7.13 
Independent auditors 
The 
Bank's 
independent 
auditors 
for 
the 
financial 
years 
2022 
and 
2023 
were 
KPMG 
AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("KPMG"), Klingelhöferstraße 18, 10785 Berlin, Office Frankfurt, THE SQUAIRE / 
Am Flughafen, 60549 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. KPMG audited the German language consolidated financial 
statements of the Bank as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, which 
were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
(IFRS) and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to § 315e(1) of the German Commercial 
Code (HGB), and also audited the German language annual financial statements of the Bank as of and for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, which were prepared in accordance with German 
generally accepted accounting principles, and issued an unqualified independent auditor's report in each case. 
KPMG is a member of the German Wirtschaftsprüferkammer (Chamber of Public Accountants). 
7.14 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Commerzbank and its subsidiaries operate in a large number of jurisdictions subject to different legal and regulatory 
requirements. In isolated cases in the past, infringements of legal and regulatory provisions have come to light and 
have been prosecuted by government agencies and institutions. Some companies within the Group are currently 
still involved in a number of such cases. In case of legal proceedings or possible third-party recourse claims for 
which provisions need to be recognised, neither the duration of the proceedings nor the level of utilisation of the 
provision can be predicted with certainty at the date the provision is recognised. The provisions cover the loss 
expected according to Commerzbank's judgement as at the relevant reporting date. However, the Group's final 
liability may differ from the provisions that have been recognised, as a high degree of judgement is involved in 
assessing the probability of uncertain liabilities in such legal proceedings and quantifying them. These estimates 
may turn out to be inaccurate at a later stage of the proceedings.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Apart from proceedings described below, Commerzbank is currently not aware of any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings which have arisen or been concluded in the past twelve months (including proceedings 
which to Commerzbank's knowledge are pending or could be initiated) in which Commerzbank or one of its 
consolidated subsidiaries is involved as defendant or in any other capacity and which are currently having or have 
recently had a material impact on the financial position or profitability of the Bank or the Group. 
7.14.1 
Suits in relation to allegedly flawed investment advice 
Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are especially active in the area of investment advisory within the Private and 
Small-Business Customers segment. The legal requirements for investor- and investment-oriented advisory 
services in Germany and in the EU have been made more rigorous, especially in recent years. Commerzbank and 
its subsidiaries have consequently been involved in a number of legal disputes, some of which are still pending, with 
investors who claim to have received poor or inadequate investment advice and who demand compensation for 
damages or the reversal of investment transactions where information regarding commission fees was lacking (e.g. 
for closed-end funds). 
7.14.2 
Claims in relation to former holdings in South American banks 
A subsidiary of Commerzbank was invested in a South American bank which has been liquidated in 2024. A number 
of investors and creditors of this bank have launched various legal actions in Uruguay and Argentina against the 
Commerzbank subsidiary, alleging that the Commerzbank subsidiary be held liable as shareholder of the bankrupt 
South American bank as well as for breaches of duty by the persons nominated by the subsidiary for the South 
American bank's supervisory board. In addition, the subsidiary was invested in two funds which raised money from 
investors and were managed by third parties. The liquidators of these funds have launched court proceedings in the 
USA demanding the repayment of amounts received by the subsidiary from the funds. 
7.14.3 
Class action and individual proceedings regarding the ineffectiveness of index clauses in 
foreign currency denominated loan agreements 
In May 2017, a Polish court admitted a class action lawsuit against mBank S.A., a subsidiary of Commerzbank, 
alleging the ineffectiveness of index clauses in loan agreements denominated in Swiss francs (CHF). A total of 1,731 
plaintiffs have joined the class action. The claimants had appealed against the dismissing judgement of the court of 
first instance. In January 2024, the court of appeal referred the case back to the court of first instance for a new 
hearing. 
In addition and unrelated to the class action, numerous borrowers have filed individual lawsuits for the same 
reasons. 22,953 individual proceedings were pending as at 31 March 2024 (31 December 2023: 22,602). The 
subsidiary has contested these claims. 
As at 31 March 2024, there were 5,288 final rulings relating to loans indexed in foreign currencies in individual 
proceedings against the subsidiary, of which 109 were decided in favour of the subsidiary and 5,179 were decided 
against the subsidiary. 
On 25 April 2024, the Polish Supreme Court decided, among other things, that the limitation period for a bank’s 
claim for repayment generally begins when the borrower asserts invalidity. In some cases, this may result in the 
bank’s claim for repayment of the capital being time-barred. 
The written reasoning for the judgement is not available yet. mBank will monitor the evolution of the case law 
following the decision of the Polish Supreme Court, the further course of the discussion on the interpretation of the 
decision, as well as a possible legislative initiative, and will continue to examine possible implications for the 
provisions. 
It cannot be ruled out that future events, such as decisions of the Polish Supreme Court or the ECJ, may have a 
significant negative impact in the future on the estimation of the legal risk connected with mortgage loans 
denominated in CHF or other foreign currencies. 
The subsidiary established a settlement programme beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022 that is aimed at all 
customers with active loans indexed in Swiss francs, including those who already have lawsuits against the bank. 
Customers will be offered the option of having their loans converted into zloty loans with a fixed or variable interest 
rate as well as the cancellation of an individually negotiated part of the outstanding loan value. As at 31 March 2024, 
the subsidiary had accounted for risks in connection with future settlement payments in the amount of EUR 246 
million. 
The subsidiary is continuously looking into the implications of court rulings and decisions and, to the extent required, 
examines and adjusts the parameters of the model, such as the expected number of borrowers who will still sue,

--- Page 176 ---
176 
the nature of the expected court judgements, the amount of the bank's loss in the event of a judgement and the 
acceptance rate for settlements. The methodology used to calculate the provision is based on parameters that are 
varied, discretionary and in some cases associated with considerable uncertainty. Fluctuations in the parameters as 
well as their interdependencies and rulings of the Polish courts and the ECJ may mean that the amount of the 
provision has to be adjusted significantly in the future. 
As at 31 March 2024, the portfolio of loans indexed in foreign currencies that have not been fully repaid had a 
carrying amount of PLN 2.9 billion. The portfolio of fully repaid loans and loans for which a settlement had been 
agreed or final ruling had been issued amounted to PLN 11.9 billion at the time of disbursement. Overall, the Group 
recognised a provision of EUR 1.9 billion as at 31 March 2024 (31 December 2023: EUR 1.9 billion) for the risks 
arising from the matter, including potential settlement payments and the class action lawsuit. This relates almost 
exclusively to loans indexed in Swiss francs. In the case of loans that have not yet been fully repaid, the legal risks 
are taken into account in the gross carrying amounts of the receivables directly when estimating the cash flows. 
7.14.4 
Ruling on the mechanism for changes to banks' general terms and conditions 
In April 2021, the German Federal Court of Justice ruled on the mechanism for changes to banks' general terms 
and conditions (AGB Banken) in a case against another bank and declared the relevant clauses of the general terms 
and conditions to be void. This mechanism stipulated that the customer's consent to certain changes in the contract 
was given after a certain period of time if the customer had not objected. The Bank has analysed the impact of this 
case law on its business units and products, as the charges introduced or increased for consumers as a result of 
the mechanism for changes to banks' general terms and conditions may be void. The Bank is being sued for 
repayment in some cases. 
7.14.5 
Compensation claims in relation to Cum-Cum securities lending transactions 
With respect to securities lending transactions, Commerzbank is exposed to compensation claims (including in 
court) by third parties for crediting entitlements that have been denied. In the context of these securities lending 
transactions, the contracting parties were obligated to reimburse Commerzbank for dividends and retained capital 
gains taxes. However, the tax offices of various contracting parties partially refused or subsequently refused 
corresponding crediting against corporate income tax. 
7.14.6 
Damage suit relating to derivatives 
A subsidiary of Commerzbank was sued by a customer in May 2014 for compensation due to alleged fraudulent 
misselling of derivative transactions. In May 2024, the appeal by the subsidiary was rejected. The subsidiary will 
therefore pay the claimed amount and the suit will thereby be terminated. 
7.14.7 
Suits for repayment of interest and for the release of collateral 
A customer sued Commerzbank for recovery of monies in April 2016. The claimant is demanding the repayment of 
interest which in its view was wrongly paid to Commerzbank as a consequence of a settlement agreement, and is 
demanding the release of collateral which is being held as security for a claim by Commerzbank against the claimant, 
and reimbursement of commission. The claim is based on a complex tax structure for corporate customers. The 
first-instance ruling in favour of Commerzbank is not yet legally enforceable, the claimant's appeal is still pending. 
Commerzbank is continuing to defend itself against the action. 
7.14.8 
Damage suit related to price rigging 
A Commerzbank subsidiary together with another bank was sued for damages in February 2020 due to alleged 
unfair price collusion in connection with the levying of settlement fees. The claimant accuses the defendants of 
having participated in unfair agreements in the context of credit card payments, thereby infringing local and 
European competition and consumer protection law. The subsidiary is defending itself against the action. 
7.14.9 
Damage suit relating to collateral realisation 
In 2018, a subsidiary of Commerzbank was sued by a customer for compensation due to alleged unlawful selling of 
collateral. The claim is based on a collateral sale in 2012, effected to cover overdue receivables of the subsidiary 
from currency interest rate transactions. The customer claims that, as a result of the sale, it was no longer able to 
operate. The subsidiary is defending itself against the claim. 
7.14.10 
Damage suit against a subsidiary of the Bank related to an insolvent company 
A subsidiary of the Bank was sued for damages in May 2023. A customer of the defendant (the subsidiary of the 
Bank) had assigned claims to the defendant to secure a loan. The claimant is the shareholder of the debtor of the 
assigned claims; this third-party debtor is insolvent. The claimant accuses the defendant, the Bank's subsidiary, of

--- Page 177 ---
177 
being responsible for the insolvency of its affiliate and claims damages from the subsidiary of the Bank. The 
subsidiary is defending itself against the action. 
7.14.11 
Payment suit in Russia in relation to sanctions 
In June 2023, the Bank was sued for payment in a Russian court by the beneficiary of a guarantee that the Bank 
had issued on behalf of a customer in Germany. In 2021, the Bank had issued a performance guarantee on behalf 
of a customer in favour of a Russian company, to secure the Bank’s customer’s liabilities under a construction 
contract. Due to the applicable sanction regime, the Bank’s customer could not provide its contractual services. The 
Russian company then demanded payment from the Bank under the guarantee. The applicable sanctions regime 
is preventing the Bank from performing its obligations under the guarantee. The decision on the merits is still 
pending; the Russian court has however issued a freezing order relating to assets of the Bank and its subsidiary in 
Russia, Commerzbank (Eurasija) AO ("Commerzbank (Eurasija)"). Commerzbank is defending itself against the 
action. The Bank has initiated an ICC arbitration proceeding, requesting a declaratory judgment that Commerzbank 
has no obligation to pay under the guarantee; the outcome is still pending. The Bank has also initiated an anti-suit 
injunction before a court in London. The court in London has issued an injunction, prohibiting the Russian company 
from continuing the proceedings in Russia, as the action violates the arbitration agreement under the guarantee. 
7.14.12 
Damage suit in Russia in relation to sanctions 
Commerzbank and its Russian subsidiary Commerzbank (Eurasija) are being sued in Russia by customers of a 
Russian settlement and clearing institution, which maintains accounts with Commerzbank in Germany. The 
claimants have in turn deposits with the settlement and clearing institution. The Commerzbank customer and its 
assets (including the credit balance on the accounts) are subject to the applicable sanction regime. Therefore, 
claimants cannot access their deposits with the settlement and clearing institution and therefore demand damages 
from Commerzbank in the amount of their respective deposits with the Commerzbank customer. Commerzbank 
(Eurasija) has no contractual relations with the Russian settlement and clearing institution or with its depositors. 
In March 2024, the court of first instance issued a judgement in one of the cases, ordering Commerzbank and 
Commerzbank (Eurasija) to pay damages. In another case, the court has issued a freezing order. Commerzbank is 
defending itself against the actions. 
7.14.13 
Anti-Terrorism-Act ("ATA") litigations 
Commerzbank, along with other international banks, is a defendant in eight civil litigation proceedings involving 
claims under the civil liability provisions of the ATA, of which six were initiated in the U.S. District Court for the 
Eastern District of New York ("EDNY") and two in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York 
("SDNY"). The proceedings were filed on behalf of individuals, who were physically injured or killed in Iraq while 
serving in the U.S. military or as civil contractors for the U.S. military during the time period from 2003 to 2011, 
and/or their family members, heirs and estates. The allegations are largely based on public settlements of U.S. 
sanctions violation claims the defendant banks entered into with U.S. prosecutors and regulators. The plaintiffs 
allege that the defendant banks provided material support for terrorism by facilitating the evasion of U.S. sanctions. 
The complaints also allege against Commerzbank that it provided financial services to Waisenkinderprojekt Libanon 
e.V. (an orphan project), which was identified in the complaints as a Hezbollah fundraising organization. Plaintiffs 
seek compensatory and punitive damages as well as costs and fees in an unspecified amount. 
On 28 March 2019, the complaint filed in the SDNY lead ATA case was dismissed on the merits for failure to state 
a claim against all but one of the defendants (Bank Saderat). A motion for leave to amend the complaint was denied 
on 25 February 2020. Because the dismissal did not cover the claims against all defendants, plaintiffs did not have 
an immediate right to appeal. Plaintiffs moved for entry of a final judgment on the claims against the dismissed 
defendants (including Commerzbank) so that they could appeal, but that motion was denied on 29 June 2021. 
Following this, pursuant to an agreement between plaintiffs and the dismissed defendants, the court ordered that 
proceedings in the SDNY lead ATA case would be stayed pending the resolution of an appeal pending in the EDNY 
lead ATA case (described below). The other SDNY case is stayed pending a decision in the SDNY lead ATA case. 
Regarding the EDNY cases, on 16 September 2019, the complaint filed in the lead EDNY ATA case ("Freeman I") 
was dismissed on the merits in its entirety for failure to state a claim. On 26 September 2019, plaintiffs filed a motion 
for partial reconsideration, covering only claims against Bank Saderat and Standard Chartered Bank, which was 
denied. Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on 26 November 2019 to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. 
On 5 January 2023, the Second Circuit affirmed dismissal of plaintiff's claims in the district court in Freeman I. 
Plaintiffs in Freeman I thereafter filed a petition for review with the U.S. Supreme Court on 8 May 2023. Defendants' 
opposition to the petition for review was filed on 17 July 2023. In October 2023, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the 
Plaintiffs' petition for review in Freeman I. On 26 February 2024, Plaintiffs served a motion in the EDNY to vacate 
the judgment dismissing Freeman I, which all defendants except Bank Saderat opposed on 22 April 2024. Briefing

--- Page 178 ---
178 
on the motion was completed on 21 May 2024 when plaintiffs filed a reply. A decision by the court is pending. In two 
of the other EDNY ATA cases (known as "Freeman II" and "Stephens") plaintiffs filed amended complaints on 27 
December 2023. Motion to dismiss briefing has been stayed sine die pending resolution of a discovery dispute. 
Freeman II had previously been dismissed for failure to state a claim. Two other EDNY ATA cases (known as 
"Tavera" and "Donaldson"), are currently stayed pending resolution of Freeman I, Freeman II, and Stephens. 
7.14.14 
Prospectus liability claim in connection with involvement in a customer's capital increase 
A number of shareholders' representatives have made claims on Commerzbank outside court on the account of 
rights of recourse against the banks which underwrote the capital increases of a customer in 2013 and 2014 and 
have thus called upon the Bank to enter into negotiations towards a settlement. The claims to recourse are justified 
by the shareholders' representatives on the grounds that the underwriting banks are allegedly responsible for the 
loss sustained by the investors in the capital increases in 2013 and 2014 due to alleged inaccuracies in the securities 
prospectuses. According to the shareholders' representatives, these prospectuses did not reflect the customer's 
economic situation at that time. No figure has been put on the claims to recourse, which, together with the proposals 
for negotiations, the Bank has rejected. However, legal action against the underwriting banks and hence also against 
Commerzbank cannot be ruled out. 
7.15 
Recent developments and outlook 
7.15.1 
Recent developments 
At the beginning of the 2024 financial year, Commerzbank decided on two investments in connection with the 
"Strategy 2027" programme published in November 2023: In addition to announcing a joint venture with Global 
Payments Inc., a leading global provider of financial technologies and software solutions, it agreed to acquire a 
majority stake in Aquila Capital Investmentgesellschaft mbH ("Aquila"), an asset manager, in order to accelerate its 
growth in the sustainability business. On 4 June 2024, Commerzbank announced that it acquired 74.9% of Aquila. 
A decree that the Polish President had signed on 6 May 2024, extending the "credit holidays" programme, was 
published on 7 May 2024, Commerzbank expects this to result in additional expenses of around EUR 80 million and 
will recognise them in profit or loss in the second quarter of 2024. 
Furthermore, Commerzbank considers itself exposed to further developments in relation to certain litigation matters, 
including those described in more detail under "7.14.3 Class action and individual proceedings regarding the 
ineffectiveness of index clauses in foreign currency denominated loan agreements", "7.14.11 Payment suit in Russia 
in relation to sanctions", and "7.14.12 Damage suit in Russia in relation to sanctions" in relation to which 
Commerzbank may be required, under certain circumstances, to record additional provisions in the second quarter 
of 2024 or thereafter. 
In September 2020, Commerzbank became the first German bank to join the SBTi and developed science-based 
targets to reduce the financed emissions attributable to the CO2-intensive sectors in its portfolio. The initiative is a 
global body enabling businesses to set their emissions reduction targets in line with the latest climate science. It 
supports companies to reduce CO2 emissions significantly by 2030 and consequently move to net-zero emissions 
by 2050. Commerzbank's CO2 emissions reduction calculations were reviewed and validated by the Science Based 
Targets initiative, one of the leading standard-setting bodies, at the end of March 2023. Commerzbank is the first 
German bank with SBTi-validated CO2 emissions reduction targets. The SBTi targets are a core element of 
Commerzbank's sustainability strategy. The Bank has, among other things, defined specific CO2 reduction targets 
for seven emissions-intensive sectors. These are: power generation, retail mortgage financing, commercial real 
estate financing, automotive manufacturing, aviation, cement, and iron and steel. 
As announced in September 2023, Commerzbank has joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials 
("PCAF") – an initiative of more than 400 financial institutions worldwide. PCAF members are committed to reporting 
the CO2 emissions associated with loans and investments across the industry using a consistent methodology. 
These financed emissions are a crucial part of the carbon footprint of banks. The PCAF approach enables 
stakeholders to compare this carbon footprint of banks with each other. This makes reduction targets and progress 
more transparent. The PCAF complements Commerzbank's steering elements, through which it aims to steer its 
sector portfolios towards the Paris climate target. In 2023 Commerzbank also switched its method of calculating 
portfolio intensities to the internationally recognised PCAF standard. In the course of applying this standard, 
Commerzbank additionally recalculated the starting point in the kick-off year 2021 and determined new target values 
for 2030. The targets remained as ambitious as before, or became slightly more ambitious, because another sector 
(cement) moved from a 1.8°C pathway to a 1.5°C pathway. The SBTi has not yet finally approved the adjusted 
targets.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
7.15.2 
Outlook 
The global economic outlook has slightly improved since the beginning of the financial year 2024. Commerzbank is 
confident that it will make further progress in implementing its "Strategic Plan 2027". Due to the developments of 
the first quarter of 2024 and the European Central Bank's announcement that it will probably not adjust policy interest 
rates until the second half of this year, the Bank targets net interest income at around EUR 8.1 billion for 2024 as a 
whole. Commerzbank aims to increase net commission income by 4%. Commerzbank aims for a risk result below 
minus EUR 800 million for the full year 2024 assuming usage of TLA. The target for the cost-income ratio in 2024 
is around 60%.  
The CET1 ratio is expected to be higher than 14%. This target already takes into account a planned distribution of 
at least 70% of net income after deduction of fully discretionary AT1 coupon payments for the 2024 financial year. 
The capital will be distributed via a dividend payment and share buybacks. 
All share buybacks must be authorised by the European Central Bank and the German Finance Agency. 
This outlook is dependent on the future development in connection with retail mortgage loans issued in foreign 
currencies at mBank.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
8 TAXATION 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS OF THE NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS 
TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSAL OF THE NOTES, 
INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN THE FEDERAL 
REPUBLIC OF GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR WHOSE TAX LAWS 
APPLY TO THEM FOR OTHER REASONS. 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences resulting from the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of the Notes. This discussion does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to invest into the Notes. The following section only provides some 
very general information on the possible tax treatment of the Notes. In particular, this discussion does not consider 
any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular investor subject to special tax regimes, such as 
banks, insurance companies, investment funds or tax-exempt organizations. Although any information given 
hereafter reflects the opinion of the Issuer, it must not be misunderstood as creating any sort of reliance nor as a 
representation or guarantee, and courts or other relevant authorities may come to different interpretations of the 
applicable laws. This summary is based on the laws (including tax treaties) currently in force and as applied on the 
date of this Base Prospectus in the Federal Republic of Germany, which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect. We have not sought, and will not seek, a binding ruling from German tax authorities as to any of 
the tax consequences described herein. The German tax authorities may disagree with the discussion herein, and 
its determination might be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, 
regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not change the accuracy of this discussion. 
8.1 
Federal Republic of Germany  
8.1.1 
German Tax Resident Investors 
This subsection "German Tax Resident Investors" refers to persons who are tax resident in the Federal Republic of 
Germany (i.e., persons whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat or place of management is located inside 
the Federal Republic of Germany). 
8.1.1.1 
Withholding Tax 
For German Tax Resident Investors, interest payments on the Notes are subject to withholding tax, provided that 
(i) the Notes are entered into a foreign register or being issued in the form of global certificates (Sammelurkunden) 
within the meaning of Sec. 9a of the German Securities Deposit Act (Depotgesetz) or as partial debentures 
(Teilschuldverschreibungen) and (ii) a Disbursing Agent keeps the Notes in custody or administers the Notes or 
carries out the disposal of the Notes and pays out or credits the investment income, or a Disbursing Agent pays out 
or credits the investment income against delivery of the interest coupon or partial debenture to someone other than 
a foreign credit institution or financial services institution ("Over-The-Counter Transaction", Tafelgeschäft). 
"Disbursing Agents" (inländische Zahlstellen) which are required to deduct the withholding tax from such interest 
payments are German resident credit institutions and financial services institutions (including in both cases German 
branches of foreign institutions) and German securities institutions, or – if no German resident credit institution, 
financial services institution or securities institution is the Disbursing Agent – subject to the same requirements the 
Issuer. The applicable withholding tax rate is 25% (plus a 5.5% solidarity surcharge thereon, resulting in a total 
withholding of 26.375%, plus, if applicable, church tax).  
On 13 December 2019, the law regarding a significant reduction of the solidarity surcharge (Gesetz zur Rückführung 
des Solidaritätszuschlags 1995) came into force. Even though this new law has no impact on the solidarity surcharge 
levied in addition to the withholding tax, it can affect the solidarity surcharge levied on the income tax liability which 
the withholding tax is credited against, as the case may be. In 2024, the threshold as of which solidarity surcharge 
is levied was increased to an individual income tax-threshold of €18,130 (€36,260 for jointly assessed German Tax 
Resident Investors), so that the solidarity surcharge is abolished in full for approx. 90% of the German taxpayers 
and partly for a further 6.5% of German taxpayers. Investors are advised to monitor further future developments. 
The church tax is generally levied by way of withholding unless the investor has filed a blocking notice 
(Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern) in which case the investor is 
required to include the interest income in his/her income tax return and the church tax will then be levied by way of 
an assessment. 
The withholding tax regime also applies to any gains from the sale, transfer or redemption of Notes realized by 
individuals holding the Notes as private (and not as business) assets (Privatvermögen) ("Private Individual 
Investors") if (i) a Disbursing Agent keeps the Notes in custody or administers the Notes or carries out the sale, 
transfer, disposal or redemption of the Notes and pays out or credits the capital investment income, or (ii) the gains 
are realized by way of an Over-The-Counter Transaction. Subject to exceptions, the amount of capital gains on

--- Page 181 ---
181 
which the withholding tax charge is applied is generally the difference between the proceeds received upon the sale, 
transfer, disposal or redemption of the Notes and (after the deduction of actual expenses directly related thereto) 
the acquisition costs. Accrued interest (Stückzinsen) received by the investor upon disposal of the Notes between 
two interest payment dates is considered as part of the sales proceeds thus increasing a capital gain or reducing a 
capital loss from the Notes. Accrued interest paid by the investor upon an acquisition of the Notes qualifies as 
negative investment income to be offset or carried forward by the Disbursing Agent as explained below. If Notes 
kept or administered in the same custodial account have been acquired at different points in time, the Notes first 
acquired will be deemed to have been sold first for the purpose of determining the capital gains. Where the Notes 
are acquired and/or sold in a currency other than Euro, the acquisition costs and sale proceeds will be converted 
into Euro on the basis of the exchange rate applicable at the time of sale or the time of acquisition, as applicable. 
The taxable capital gain therefore also includes any currency gains (and losses). 
If interest coupons or interest claims are disposed of separately (i.e., without the Notes), the gains from the 
disposition are also subject to withholding tax. The same applies to the gains from the redemption of interest 
coupons or interest claims realized by the former investor and to proceeds from the payment of interest coupons or 
interest claims if the Notes have been disposed of separately.  
If the Notes have not been kept in a custodial account with the same Disbursing Agent since their acquisition and 
the current Disbursing Agent has not been notified of the actual acquisition costs of the Notes in the form required 
by law, or if the gains are realized by way of an Over-The-Counter-Transaction with a Disbursing Agent, tax at a 
rate of 25% (plus a 5.5% solidarity surcharge and, if applicable, church tax thereon) will be imposed on an amount 
equal to 30% of the proceeds from the sale, transfer, disposal or redemption of the Notes. 
In computing any withholding tax, the Disbursing Agent generally deducts from the withholding tax base negative 
investment income (e.g., accrued interest paid upon the acquisition of a security and losses from the sale of other 
securities with the exception of shares) realized by the Private Individual Investor via the Disbursing Agent and 
carries forward any losses that cannot be offset to the following year. If losses cannot be offset in full against positive 
investment income by the Disbursing Agent in the current year, the investor can, instead, request that the Disbursing 
Agent issues a certificate stating the losses in order for them to be offset against other positive income from capital 
investments or carried forward in the assessment procedure. The request must reach the Disbursing Agent by 15 
December of the current year and is irrevocable. In addition, subject to certain requirements and restrictions, the 
Disbursing Agent credits foreign withholding taxes levied on investment income in a given year regarding securities 
held by a Private Individual Investor in the custodial account with the Disbursing Agent. 
Upon a Private Individual Investor filing an exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent, 
no withholding tax is applied in respect of the amount of investment income shown on the exemption certificate, with 
a maximum amount of €1,000 (€2,000 for individuals filing jointly). No withholding tax will be levied either if a Private 
Individual 
Investor 
has 
submitted 
to 
the 
Disbursing 
Agent 
a 
certificate 
of 
non-assessment 
(Nichtveranlagungs-Bescheinigung) which also includes the tax identification number and which has been issued 
by the competent German tax office. 
In the case of corporate investors and investors who are individuals or partnerships holding the Notes as business 
(and not as private) assets ("Business Investors"), a Disbursing Agent is also required to deduct withholding tax 
from interest payments. In computing the withholding tax for such investors, the Disbursing Agent must not deduct 
from the withholding tax base any negative investment income or foreign withholding taxes. Business Investors in 
the form of corporations will generally not be subject to withholding tax on gains from the sale, transfer or redemption 
of the Notes or the separate disposition of interest coupons or interest claims, provided that in the case of entities 
of certain legal forms the status of the entity has been evidenced by a certificate of the competent tax office. The 
same applies upon notification by use of the officially prescribed form towards the Disbursing Agent in the case of 
Notes held by individuals or partnerships as business (and not as private) assets. 
8.1.1.2 
Private Individual Investors 
For Private Individual Investors the withholding tax is – without prejudice to certain exceptions – definitive and 
satisfies the Private Individual Investor's income tax liability (including solidarity surcharge and, if applicable, church 
tax) with respect to the relevant income from the investment in the Notes (so-called "Flat Tax", Abgeltungsteuer). 
Under the Flat Tax regime, Private Individual Investors can apply in their income tax return to have their income 
assessed in accordance with the general rules on determining an individual's tax bracket if this results in a lower tax 
burden. Also in this case, income-related expenses (other than actual expenses directly related to a disposal) cannot 
be deducted from the investment income, except for the annual lump sum deduction (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of 
€1,000 (€2,000 for individuals filing jointly). If the tax on the income from the Notes is assessed, any tax withheld by 
the Disbursing Agent will be credited against the Private Individual Investor's income tax liability and, to the extent 
the withheld amount exceeds the actual income tax liability, refunded to the Private Individual Investor. 
To the extent withholding tax has not been levied, such as in the case of Notes kept in custody abroad or if no 
Disbursing Agent is involved in the payment process, the Private Individual Investor must report his or her interest

--- Page 182 ---
182 
income and capital gains derived from the Notes in his or her tax return and then will also be taxed at a rate of 25% 
(plus a 5.5% solidarity surcharge and, if applicable, church tax thereon). 
If the withholding tax on a sale, transfer, disposal or redemption of the Notes has been calculated from 30% of the 
respective proceeds (rather than from the actual gain), a Private Individual Investor may and in case the actual gain 
is higher than 30% of the respective proceeds (and, according to administrative guidance, the difference between 
the actual gain and 30% of the respective proceeds is more than €500) must apply for an assessment on the basis 
of his or her actual acquisition costs. Also in this case, income-related expenses (other than actual expenses directly 
related to the disposal) cannot be deducted from the investment income, except for the aforementioned annual lump 
sum deduction.  
Losses resulting from the sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes can only be offset against income derived from 
other capital investment. In the event that a set-off is not possible in the assessment period in which the losses have 
been realized, such losses can be carried forward into future assessment periods and offset against capital 
investment income generated in future assessment periods. Losses arising from the fact that a receivable is fully or 
partially irrecoverable or arising from the fact that the receivables under the Notes are cancelled as worthless and 
losses arising from a transfer of a worthless Note to a third party or from any other default can be offset only up to 
an amount of €20,000; losses in excess of €20,000 will be carried forward and offset against capital investment 
income per subsequent year only up to an amount of €20,000. Such losses carried forward have to be reported by 
the Private Individual Investor in his/her tax return. In case the investor desires to use his/her losses to the extent 
that they have not been offset by the Disbursing Agent, the investor can request a certificate regarding the amount 
of losses that have not been offset already so that such losses cannot be credited any more against eligible gains 
by the Disbursing Agent. In case the investor does not request such certificate, respective losses are credited 
against eligible gains by the Disbursing Agent.  
8.1.1.3 
Business Investors 
In case of Business Investors, interest payments and capital gains from the sale, transfer, disposal or redemption 
of the Notes or the separate disposition of interest coupons and interest claims are generally subject to German 
income tax or corporate income tax (in each case plus solidarity surcharge and, if applicable in the case of individual 
investors, church tax thereon). The Business Investor is required to report the income and related (business) 
expenses in its tax return and will be taxed at its applicable tax rate. Any withholding tax deducted from interest 
payments and, as the case may be, from capital gains is, subject to certain requirements, creditable as advance 
payment against the investor's corporate or individual income tax liability (plus solidarity surcharge and, if applicable 
in the case of individual investors, church tax thereon). To the extent the amount withheld exceeds the (corporate) 
income tax liability, the withholding tax is, as a rule, refundable. 
The interest payments and capital gains are also subject to trade tax if the Notes are attributable to a German 
permanent establishment of a trade or business. If the investor is an individual or an individual partner of a 
partnership, the trade tax may be completely or in part credited against the individual's income tax liability pursuant 
to a lump sum method. 
8.1.2 
Foreign Tax Resident Investors 
This subsection "Foreign Tax Resident Investors" refers to persons who are not tax resident in Germany 
(i.e., persons having neither of their residence, habitual abode, statutory seat or place of management inside the 
Federal Republic of Germany). 
Foreign Tax Resident Investors are generally not subject to German taxation with their interest income and capital 
gains from the investment in the Notes. Therefore, generally no German withholding tax is withheld from such 
income, even if the Notes are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent. 
However, exceptions apply if the income from the Notes constitutes German-source income. This is the case if the 
Notes form part of the business property of a permanent establishment maintained inside the Federal Republic of 
Germany or are attributable to the business income derived through a German permanent representative appointed 
by the investor, if capital gains are realized by way of an Over-the-Counter-Transaction, or, in case of interest 
income, if the claim for the repayment of the principal under the Notes is directly or indirectly secured by German-
situs real estate, German-situs rights which are subject to the civil law provisions on real estate or ships which are 
registered with a German ship register, unless the Notes are issued in the form of global certificates 
(Sammelurkunden) within the meaning of Sec. 9a of the German Securities Deposit Act (Depotgesetz) or in the form 
of partial debentures (Teilschuldverschreibungen) as long as they do not contain a right of conversion or a profit-
contingent element. In these exceptional cases, income of Foreign Tax Resident Investors is generally subject to 
German taxation and may also be subject to withholding tax as described above in subsection Withholding Tax. 
Subject to certain prerequisites, however, a Foreign Tax Resident Investor may benefit from a relief based on an 
assessment to tax or under an applicable double tax treaty.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
8.1.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Inheritance or gift taxes with respect to the Notes will, in principle, arise under German law if (i), in the case of 
inheritance tax, either the decedent or the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift tax, either the donor or the donee is a 
resident of Germany at the relevant point in time, or (ii) the Notes are attributable to a German trade or business for 
which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, in Germany, 
or (iii) the claims under the Notes are directly or indirectly secured by German-situs real estate or ships which are 
registered with a German ship register (unless the Notes qualify as bonds which are issued as partial debentures). 
In addition, certain German expatriates will be subject to inheritance and gift tax. However, applicable double 
taxation treaties may provide for exceptions to the German domestic inheritance and gift tax regulations. 
8.1.4 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in the Federal Republic of Germany in 
connection with the issuance, delivery or execution of the Notes. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is not 
levied in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
8.2 
The proposals for the introduction of a financial Transaction Tax 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") 
in certain participating EU member states.  
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including 
secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The draft Directive focused on levying a FTT on financial 
transactions (as defined in the draft Directive), including the purchase, sale and exchange of financial instruments. 
Under the draft Directive, the rate of the FTT would not be lower than 0.1% (0.01% for derivatives), generally based 
on the amount of the paid or owed consideration or in case of derivatives, the notional amount referred to in the 
derivatives contract at the time of the financial transaction. However, the issuance and subscription of the Notes 
should be exempt. 
The FTT could apply to persons both within and outside of the participating EU member states. Generally, it would 
apply to certain dealings in financial instruments where at least one party is a financial institution, and either (i) at 
least one party is established or deemed to be established in a participating EU Member State or (ii) the financial 
instruments are issued in a participating EU Member State. As of 28 June 2018, according to a report by the Council 
of the European Union, more preparatory work by the Council of the European Union will be required on the 
proposed FTT. 
The proposed Directive remains subject to negotiation between the participating EU member states and is the 
subject of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. 
On 9 December 2019, the German Federal Finance Minister announced another final proposal for a Directive for a 
financial transaction tax implemented by way of the enhanced cooperation mechanism to 9 other participating EU 
member states ("New FTT"), which, according to media sources, was revised again in April 2020. As of today, the 
draft legislation has not yet been made available to the public.  
According to publicly available information from the German Federal Ministry of Finance and media sources, the 
New FTT will only apply to financial transactions involving shares. Therefore, it is still unclear if the New FTT will 
also cover debt instruments or if the issuance and subscription of the Notes as well as dealings in the Notes will not 
be subject to the New FTT. 
The proposed New FTT remains subject to negotiation between the participating EU member states. The New FTT 
could therefore be altered and the scope could be broadened prior to any implementation. 
8.3 
Responsibility of the Issuer for the Withholding of Tax at Source 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the deduction of withholding tax (including the solidarity surcharge 
and, if applicable, the church tax thereon) at source.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
9 SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES 
9.1 
General 
Pursuant to the dealer agreement entered into on 5 June 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement"), the Issuer and the 
Dealers have agreed a basis upon which they may, subject to certain conditions, from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will, inter alia, contain provisions dealing with the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or any other 
agreed deductibles payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
A subscription agreement prepared in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about 
the date of the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
9.2 
No public offering 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a 
public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons who have access to this Base Prospectus are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdictions in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver the Notes or have in their possession or distribution 
such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
9.3 
Selling Restrictions 
9.3.1 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail Investors 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold, or delivered and will not offer, sell or 
deliver any of the Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto directly or indirectly, or distribute this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes, (i) to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For the purposes of 
this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. 
9.3.2 
United States of America and its Territories 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or its possessions or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S, it will 
not offer or sell the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of 
its distribution at any time, or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering or the 
closing date, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the 40-day restricted period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.  
The Notes may not be purchased by or transferred to any employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, any plan or arrangement subject to Section 4975 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any entity whose underlying assets include the assets 
of any such employee benefit plans, plans or arrangements.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
9.3.3 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  
For the purposes of this provision,  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
9.3.4 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia ("Australian 
Corporations Act")) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite applications, for the 
issue, sale or purchase of any Notes in or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by 
a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus including the Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to any Notes in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$ 500,000 (or the equivalent in 
another currency, and in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or 
invitation (including any resulting issue) does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Parts 6D.2 
or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" within the meaning of Section 761G of the 
Australian Corporations Act; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
In addition, each Dealer has agreed, that it will comply with the directive issued by the Australian Prudential 
Regulation Authority dated 21 March 2018 as contained in Banking exemption No. 1 where the Dealer offers Notes 
for sale in relation to an issuance. This Order requires all offers and transfers to be in parcels of not less than A$ 
500,000 in aggregate principal amount. Banking exemption No. 1 does not apply to offers for sale and transfers 
which occur outside Australia.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
9.3.5 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that an offering of the Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
9.3.6 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to investors purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
9.3.7 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other 
than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong 
Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result 
in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the 
public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the 
public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
9.3.8 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or 
sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others 
for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
9.3.9 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation. 
Without prejudice to the section "9.3.1 Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail Investors" above, any offer, sale or delivery 
of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance the relevant provisions of the Italian with Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 
24, 1998, as amended (the "Italian Financial Act") CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as 
amended from time to time, the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended from 
time to time (the "Italian Banking Act")and any other applicable laws or regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, 
as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities 
in the Republic of Italy; and

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which 
may be imposed from time to time, inter alia, by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other competent 
authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, delivery or resale of the 
Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
9.3.10 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes, or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor 
will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as amended or modified from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; or 
(2) 
to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
Product classification requirements in Singapore: The Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
9.3.11 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or from Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes 
on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
9.3.12 
Taiwan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each Dealer subsequently appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered with or approved 
by the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan (the "FSC") and/or other regulatory authority of Taiwan pursuant 
to applicable securities laws and regulations. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each Dealer 
subsequently appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes 
issued under the Programme may not be and will not be offered or sold in Taiwan, through a public offering or in 
circumstance which constitute an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan that 
requires the registration or filing with or approval of the FSC. Each Dealer has also acknowledged, and each Dealer 
subsequently appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that no person or entity has been 
authorized to offer, sell, give advice regarding or otherwise intermediate the offering and sale of the Notes in Taiwan. 
9.3.13 
General 
In addition to the specific restrictions set out above, each of the Dealers has agreed that it will (to the best of its 
knowledge after due and careful enquiry) observe all applicable provisions of law in each jurisdiction in or from which 
it may offer Notes or distribute any offering material.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
10 GENERAL INFORMATION 
10.1 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearing through Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany, Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. Where applicable, the applicable Final 
Terms will set out the Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system. 
10.2 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit to 
trading on the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Notes issued under 
the Programme may also be listed on the "Euro MTF" market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a 
multilateral trading facility within the meaning of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange 
or may be unlisted, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
10.3 
Method for the Calculation of Yield 
There is no explicit yield to maturity. The Notes do not carry a fixed date for redemption, the Issuer is not obliged, 
and under certain circumstances is not permitted, to make interest payments on the Notes at the full stated rate and 
the rate of interest is subject to resetting every five years. 
10.4 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Except as discussed in the applicable Final Terms, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, 
borrowers from or creditors of Commerzbank or its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform services for Commerzbank and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies 
involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operates, and for which such 
Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and 
indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary 
fees and commissions for these transactions.  
Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. The Dealers and/or 
their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect 
future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions, which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
10.5 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been authorised by a resolution of the board of managing directors of the 
Issuer on 26 May 2020 and a resolution of the presiding committee of the supervisory board of the Issuer on 26 May 
2020. The update of the Programme and the increase of the programme volume has been authorised by a resolution 
of the board of managing directors of the Issuer on 28 May 2024 and a circular resolution of the presiding committee 
of the supervisory board of the Issuer between 29 May 2024 and 3 June 2024.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of the Issuer regarding the issuance of a Tranche 
of Notes are set out in each Final Terms. 
10.6 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by Commerzbank for general corporate and financing 
purposes and to strengthen or maintain its Tier 1 regulatory capital base, which will also impact other key metrics of 
regulatory requirements such as the leverage ratio and MREL, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms 
applicable to a specific Tranche of Notes. 
10.7 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents are available for viewing at the website of Commerzbank: 
(i) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms relating to 
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus (accessible by using the hyperlink https://investor-
relations.commerzbank.com/debt-holders-information/at1-programme/); 
(ii) 
the articles of association of Commerzbank (accessible by using the hyperlink https://investor-
relations.commerzbank.com/corporate-governance/articles-of-association/) and  
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessible by using the hyperlinks set 
out in the section "11 Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The information on any 
website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
11 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages specified below of the following documents which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
* 
The independent auditor's report refers to the annual financial statements and the management report of Commerzbank as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2023 as a whole and not solely to the annual financial statements incorporated by reference. 
 
* 
The independent auditor's report refers to the annual financial statements and the management report of Commerzbank as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021 as a whole and not solely to the annual financial statements incorporated by reference. 
1. Commerzbank Interim Financial Information as at 31 March 2024 (English translation of the 
German language version), published and available at: 
https://investor-relations.commerzbank.com/media/document/66246702-a24b-4426-a399-
8b5be1591bcb/assets/Commerzbank_Interim%20financial%20information%203M%202024.pdf?dis
position=inline 
Page(s) 
Financial performance, assets, liabilities and financial position 
6–8 
Segment performance 
8–9 
Outlook and opportunities report 
 
– Future economic situation 
9–10 
– Anticipated liquidity trends 
10 
Risk situation 
11–14 
Income Statement 
15 
Condensed statement of comprehensive income 
16 
Balance sheet 
17 
Statement of changes in equity 
18-19 
Additional information 
20-23 
2. Commerzbank Financial Statements and Management Report 2023 (English translation of 
the German language version), published and available at: 
https://investor-relations.commerzbank.com/media/document/831eb22c-ad49-402b-9f7a-
a725099fa47e/assets/Commerzbank%20AG_Financial%20Statements%20and%20Management%
20Report%202023.pdf?disposition=inline 
Page(s) 
Annual financial statements 
 
– Income statement 
79 
– Balance sheet 
80–83 
– Notes 
84–133 
Independent Auditor's Report* 
135–140 
3. Commerzbank Financial Statements and Management Report 2022 (English translation of 
the German language version), published and available at: 
https://investor-relations.commerzbank.com/media/document/7f63d6ee-eac3-4fb8-b4ad-
dfb5fb1ed4d5/assets/Commerzbank_AG_Financial_Statements_and_Management_Report_2022.p
df?disposition=inline 
Page(s) 
Annual financial statements 
 
– Income statement 
76 
– Balance sheet 
77–80 
– Notes 
81–130 
Independent Auditor's Report* 
132–137

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
4. Commerzbank Group Annual Report 2023 (English translation of the German language 
version), published and available at: 
https://investor-relations.commerzbank.com/media/document/465882c6-f153-48db-bdb0-
5e45dba25056/assets/Commerzbank%20Group_Annual%20Report%202023.pdf?disposition=inlin
e 
Page(s) 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
– Income statement 
268 
– Condensed statement of comprehensive income 
269–270 
– Balance sheet 
271 
– Statement of changes in equity 
272–274 
– Cash flow statement 
275 
– Notes 
276–404 
Independent Auditor's Report* 
406–412 
Further Information 
 
– Quarterly results by segment 
420–421 
* 
The independent auditor's report refers to the consolidated financial statements and the group management report of Commerzbank as 
of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 as a whole and not solely to the consolidated financial statements incorporated 
by reference. 
 
5. Commerzbank Group Annual Report 2022 (English translation of the German language 
version), published and available at: 
https://investor-relations.commerzbank.com/media/document/c65deade-2198-45f3-b6c4-
07ff5c10df34/assets/DE000CBK1001-JA-2022-EQ-E-00.pdf?disposition=inline 
Page(s) 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
– Income statement 
155 
– Condensed statement of comprehensive income 
156–157 
– Balance sheet 
158 
– Statement of changes in equity 
159–161 
– Cash flow statement 
162 
– Notes 
163–299 
Independent Auditor's Report* 
301–308 
Further Information 
 
– Quarterly results by segment 
316–317 
* 
The independent auditor's report refers to the consolidated financial statements and the group management report of Commerzbank as 
of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 as a whole and not solely to the consolidated financial statements incorporated 
by reference. 
 
Any information contained in the documents referred to above which is not listed in the cross-reference list above 
and, therefore not incorporated by reference, is either not relevant for investors of the Notes or covered elsewhere 
in the Base Prospectus. 
The documents referred to above are available via the hyperlinks set out in the table above and will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 192 ---
192 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
ISSUER 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
CO-ARRANGERS 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11–17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9–10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Hengeler Mueller 
Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
To the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany