--- Page 1 ---
COMPAGNIE DE FINANCEMENT FONCIER 
Euro 125,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières due from one month from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Compagnie de Financement Foncier (the “Issuer” 
or “Compagnie de Financement Foncier”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue obligations foncières (the 
“Obligations Foncières” or the “Notes”), benefiting from the statutory privilège created by Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, as more fully described 
herein. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 125,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France, in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation and, at the same time for the notification of a certificate of approval released to the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market (as defined below) of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, both of approval and notification being made in its 
capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months after the date of the approval granted by the AMF on this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (as defined below) and/or to be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation in any member state (the “Member State(s)”) of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued 
by the European Commission (a “Regulated Market”). Notes which are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, or which are not offered to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer, in a Member State of the EEA may be issued under the Programme and may also be admitted to trading on an alternative stock exchange or may not be admitted to 
trading at all. The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to trading and/or offered 
to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in a Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market or jurisdiction. 
Each time the Notes will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Notes will also be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market and/or the offering of Notes to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 15 June 2022, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following 
the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents 
of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear 
France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination”) including, Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”), or in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder, in either fully registered dematerialised form (nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed 
with a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered dematerialised form (nominatif administré) in which case they will 
be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination”) designated by the 
relevant holder of Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached 
(a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive 
Materialised Notes in bearer form (the “Definitive Materialised Notes”) on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes”) upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership with, where 
applicable, coupons for interest attached. 
The Programme has been rated Aaa by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and AAA by Scope Ratings AG (“Scope”). 
It is expected that the Notes issued under the Programme will be rated AAA by S&P, Aaa by Moody’s and AAA by Scope. Each of S&P, Moody’s and Scope is established in 
the European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). The relevant 
Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Arranger
DEUTSCHE BANK
Dealers
BARCLAYS 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
CREDIT SUISSE 
HSBC 
MORGAN STANLEY  
NATWEST MARKETS 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
BNP PARIBAS 
COMMERZBANK 
CRÉDIT FONCIER DE FRANCE 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
J.P. MORGAN 
NATIXIS 
NOMURA  
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 June 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
A44530876 
1 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto published from time to time (each a 
“Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer 
and the Notes which is necessary information material to an investor for making an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching 
to the Notes, the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer and may only be used for the purposes 
for which it has been published.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any Supplement that may be published from time to 
time and with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”) and in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs 
of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to amend or supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
Base Prospectus following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see“Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment 
for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any of their affiliates 
in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that payments of interest on the Notes, or 
profits realised by a holder of Notes upon the disposal or repayment thereof, may be subject to taxation or 
documentary charges or duties in its home jurisdiction or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to pay 
taxes or where the Notes are transferred. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities 
or court decisions may be available for innovative financial obligations such as Notes. Potential investors are 
advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the subscription,

--- Page 3 ---
A44530876 
2 
acquisition, ownership, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
IMPORTANT NOTICE RELATING TO GREEN BONDS OR SOCIAL BONDS 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding 
use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in green bonds (the "Green Bonds") or social bonds (the "Social Bonds"), as the case may be, 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by 
the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of proceeds for any loan will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable 
law or regulations or by the Issuer's own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, 
in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or social impact of any loan or uses related 
to any loan. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a "green", a "social", “sustainable” 
or an equivalently-labelled asset is currently under development. In addition the requirements of any such 
label may evolve from time to time, accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any loan 
or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any loan will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
"green", "social" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives.   
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds or Social Bonds, as the case may be, and in 
particular with any loan, to fulfil any environmental, social and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds or such Social Bonds, as the case may be. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the second party opinions, nor any such other opinion or certification is, or shall 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Green Bonds or Social Bonds, as the case may 
be, to fulfil any environmental, social and/or other criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers 
have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of 
whether the Green Bonds or Social Bonds, as the case may be, meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring 
of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website or any third-party opinion.  
CERTAIN SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) or with any security regulation authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and 
include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (“Regulation S”)) or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States 
or to United States persons (as defined under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended).

--- Page 4 ---
A44530876 
3 
THE NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS IN 
RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration such 
determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently

--- Page 5 ---
A44530876 
4 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration such 
determination; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to 
each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
CANADA – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada 
may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any 
amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of 
the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or 
guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements 
of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. Also see 
“Subscription and Sale” – Canada. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained in 
this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or 
accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
or representations in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements 
nor any other information incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any information 
incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine 
for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger has reviewed or 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements

--- Page 6 ---
A44530876 
5 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” are to the currency which was introduced as of 1 January 1999 with the start of the third 
stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union by which date the Euro became the legal currency in 
eleven Member States of the European Union, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are 
to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “US Dollars” are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America, references to “HKD”, “Hong Kong Dollars” are to the lawful 
currency of Hong Kong, “¥”, “JPY” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to “CHF” 
and “Swiss Francs” are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation, references to “NOK” are to the 
lawful currency of Norway and references to “CAD” and “Canadian Dollars” are to the lawful currency of 
Canada.

--- Page 7 ---
A44530876 
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................ 7
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................................... 14
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE BASE PROSPECTUS ....... 29
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................... 31
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................................... 32
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................... 36
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES.................. 102
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 104
SUMMARY OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO SOCIÉTÉS DE CRÉDIT 
FONCIER ............................................................................................................................................................. 105
DESCRIPTION OF COMPAGNIE DE FINANCEMENT FONCIER ................................................................ 109
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN COMPAGNIE DE FINANCEMENT FONCIER AND CRÉDIT FONCIER DE 
FRANCE .............................................................................................................................................................. 122
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .............................................................................................................................. 126
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................................. 129
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 ............................................................................................................................... 135
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 ............................................................................................................................... 159
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................... 212
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................... 216

--- Page 8 ---
A44530876 
7
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended 
to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same 
meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier 
Legal Entity Identifier of the 
Issuer: 
DKGVVH5FKILG8R13CO13 
Website of the Issuer:  
https://www.foncier.fr 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Permanent Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Foncier de France 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base

--- Page 9 ---
A44530876 
8
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons referred to above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect 
of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and references to “Dealers” are to the Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Description:  
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), the 
Issuer, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
applicable to the Issuer, may from time to time issue obligations foncières (the 
“Obligations Foncières” or the “Notes”) the principal and interest of which 
benefit from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the “Privilège”) 
(for further description, see section entitled "Summary of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier"). 
Programme limit:  
Up to Euro 125,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of the issue of any Notes) aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under 
the Programme outstanding at any time. 
The Programme Limit may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the amended and restated dealer 
agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent 
Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent 
and 
Calculation Agent:  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Methods of issue:  
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Series and Tranches: 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical, the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable or identical (other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest, the issue date, the issue price and the nominal amount) with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) 
on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which 
will be supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the final terms of such 
Tranche (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities:  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one month from the date of the original issue. An extended 
maturity date may be specified for a Series of Notes (the “Extendible Notes”). 
Currencies:  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes 
may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss

--- Page 10 ---
A44530876 
9
francs, Sterling, Canadian dollars, Norwegian krone and in any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers.  
Specified Denomination(s):  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms provided that such denomination shall be equal to such 
minimum amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Redenomination:  
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which will 
participate in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union may be redenominated into Euro, all as more fully provided in 
Condition 1. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, 
Title and Redenomination” below. 
Form of the Notes:  
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) 
or materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form 
(au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at 
the option of the relevant holder, either in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes.  
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (au porteur) (“Bearer 
Materialised Notes”) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will initially be 
issued in respect of each Tranche of Bearer Materialised Notes. Materialised 
Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Status of the Notes:  
The Notes and where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute 
direct, unconditional and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 
(Privilège), privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably 
with all other present or future notes and other resources raised by the Issuer 
benefiting from the Privilège created by Article L.513-11 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
Privilège:  
The Notes benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Negative Pledge:  
None. 
Events of Default (including 
cross default):  
None. 
Redemption:  
The Notes shall be redeemed on their stated maturity or prior to maturity at 
the option of the Issuer or of the Noteholders. The Final Terms will specify 
the basis for calculating the redemption amounts payable. 
Optional Redemption:  
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the

--- Page 11 ---
A44530876 
10
Issuer and or the Noteholders (in each case, either in whole or in part) and if 
so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
No Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons:  
The Notes will not be redeemed early for taxation reasons. 
Taxation (withholding tax):  
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. 
No additional amounts:  
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest and other 
assimilated revenues in respect of any Notes or Coupon relating thereto, be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes, 
or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates:  
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate 
or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for 
any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, 
or both. In no event shall the interest rate (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any applicable margin) be less than zero. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency pursuant to the 2013 FBF 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments, as supplemented by the Technical Schedules published by 
the Fédération Bancaire Française or the FBF; or
(ii)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(iii)
by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR, EONIA, CMS Rate or TEC10, or 
any successor rate or any alternative rate, 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin.

--- Page 12 ---
A44530876 
11
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for which a change of interest basis is specified to 
be applicable may be issued by the Issuer, such change of interest being either 
at the option of the Issuer or automatic. 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes:  
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest and/or 
principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference to an 
inflation index ratio (in each case, the “Inflation Index Ratio”) derived from: 
(i)
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
France or the relevant substitute index, as calculated and published 
monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”) (the “CPI”) (the “CPI Linked Notes”); or
(ii)
the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the 
relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat 
(the “HICP”) (the “HICP Linked Notes”). 
The rate of interest for Inflation Linked Notes can be calculated on the same 
basis as for the Fixed Rate Notes or in accordance with the CPI or HICP. 
Issuer Rate Switch Option and 
Rate Lock-In:  
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether 
the Issuer will have an interest rate switch option and/or whether interest rate 
lock-in will apply. 
Representation of Holders: 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
(a)
In respect of Notes (i) with an initial denomination of, or which can only 
be traded in amounts of, less than €100,000 or its equivalent in other 
currencies at the time of issue and (ii) issued outside France, and if the 
relevant Final Terms specify that “Contractual Masse” is applicable and 
the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the 
“Masse”). The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce with the exception of Articles L.228-65 II, L.228-
71, R.228-63, R.228-69 and R.228-72 and by the terms and conditions 
of the Notes. 
(b)
In respect of Notes (i) with an initial denomination of, or which can only 
be traded in amounts of, less than €100,000 or its equivalent in other 
currencies at the time of issue and (ii) issued inside France, the relevant 
Final Terms will specify that “Full Masse” is applicable and the 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse and 
the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse
shall apply.

--- Page 13 ---
A44530876 
12
If either paragraph (a) or (b) above is provided as applicable in the relevant 
Final 
Terms, 
the 
Masse 
will 
act 
through 
a 
representative 
(the “Representative”), through general meetings of the Noteholders or 
through written resolution pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code 
de commerce. The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its 
alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
If and for so long as the Notes of a given Series are held by a single holder of 
Notes and unless a Representative has been appointed in respect of such 
Series, the relevant holder of the Notes shall exercise all the powers, rights 
and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the terms and conditions of the
Notes.
Central Depositary:  
Euroclear France.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, 
in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other 
clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable (in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes issued on a syndicated basis) or the application form (in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes issued on a non-syndicated basis) relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount.  
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated Aaa by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), 
AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and AAA by Scope 
Ratings AG (“Scope”). It is expected that the Notes issued under the 
Programme will be rated AAA by S&P, Aaa by Moody’s and AAA by Scope. 
S&P, Moody’s and Scope, which are established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”), and included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website.

--- Page 14 ---
A44530876 
13
The rating (if any) of the Notes will be specified in the Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Admission to trading:  
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may or may not be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any Regulated Market or other 
stock exchange. 
Non-Exempt Offer:  
Notes may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any 
Member State of the EEA to the extent the AMF has provided the competent 
authority of the relevant Member State of the EEA with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, any supplement 
related thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, if the relevant Final Terms provide it and in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Use of proceeds:  
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) be applied by the Issuer either: 
(i)
to be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or
(ii)
in the case of Green Bonds, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
eligible loans for green assets and/or projects as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms with reference to the relevant category of 
Issuer’s methodology note for Green Bonds (as amended from time to 
time) published in the dedicated section of BPCE’s website; or
(iii)
in the case of Social Bonds, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
eligible loans for social assets and/or projects as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms with reference to the relevant category of 
Issuer’s methodology note for Social Bonds (as amended from time to 
time) published in the dedicated section of BPCE’s website; or  
(iv)
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of 
Notes for which there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other 
than as specified above). 
Selling Restrictions:  
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of offering 
material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
Governing law:  
French law.

--- Page 15 ---
A44530876 
14
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes offered hereby should consider carefully, in light of their financial circumstances 
and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus and, in particular, the risk factors set forth 
below in making an investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding 
the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. 
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or that it currently believes to be immaterial 
could also have a material impact on its business operations. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. In particular, investors should make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme. 
In each sub-category below, the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
Please refer to pages 81 to 87 of the Universal Registration Document 2020 (as defined under “Documents 
incorporated by reference”) which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1
RISKS RELATED TO ALL SERIES OF NOTES 
1.1 
Risks related to the legal framework applicable to the Issuer  
(a) 
Risk arising from the implementation of Basel III Risk-Weighted Asset Framework 
On 16 December 2010 and 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) 
published a revised framework ("Basel III"), including new capital and liquidity standards for credit institutions such 
as the Issuer.  
In particular, the changes introduced by Basel III refer to, amongst other things:  
-
a complete review of the capital standards;
-
the introduction of a leverage ratio; and
-
the introduction of short-term and longer-term standards for funding liquidity (referred to as the "Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio" and the "Net Stable Funding Ratio").

--- Page 16 ---
A44530876 
15
In December 2017, the Basel Committee’s finalised Basel III reforms have complemented these improvements to 
the global regulatory framework. The revisions seek to restore credibility in the calculation of risk-weighted assets 
(RWAs) and improve the comparability of banks’ capital ratios by:  
-
enhancing the robustness and risk sensitivity of the standardised approaches for credit risk, credit valuation 
adjustment (CVA) risk and operational risk; 
-
constraining the use of the internal model approaches, by placing limits on certain inputs used to calculate 
capital requirements under the internal ratings-based (IRB) approach for credit risk and by removing the use 
of the internal model approaches for CVA risk and for operational risk; 
-
introducing a leverage ratio buffer to further limit the leverage of global systemically important banks (G-
SIBs); and 
-
replacing the existing Basel II output floor with a more robust risk-sensitive floor based on the Committee’s 
revised Basel III standardised approaches. 
Implementation dates and transitional arrangements related to the standards described above have been included with 
a main trigger in January 2023, and they will be fully phased in by 1 January 2028. 
The European authorities have indicated that they support the work of the Basel Committee on the approved changes 
made in 2011 in general. Banking regulations implementing the Basel III reforms were adopted on 26 June 2013: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”) 
and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV Regulation” and together with the CRD IV 
Directive, “CRD IV”). A number of new requirements arising from the CRD IV was implemented under French law 
through Law no. 2013-672 dated 26 July 2013 relating to the separation and regulation of banking activities. The 
implementation of the CRD IV at the legislative level was finalized under French law by Ordinance n°2014-158 
dated 20 February 2014 and subsequent implementing decrees and “arrêtés”. 
Banking regulations amending CRD IV were adopted on 20 May 2019: Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the CRD IV Directive as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers 
and capital conservation measures (the “CRD IV Directive Revision” and together with the CRD IV Directive, the 
“CRD V Directive”) and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the CRD IV Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 
648/2012 (the “CRD IV Regulation Revision” and together with the CRD IV Regulation, the “CRD V Regulation” 
and together with the CRD V Directive, “CRD V”), both entering into force on 27 June 2019. The CRD IV Directive 
Revision will be implemented under French law within 18 months from 27 June 2019. Certain portions of the CRD 
IV Regulation Revision will apply immediately as from 27 June 2019 (including those applicable to capital 
instruments and TLAC instruments) while others shall apply as from 28 June 2021. CRD V will implement the Basel 
Committee’s finalised Basel III reforms dated December 2017. 
The implementation of Basel III, the CRD IV, the CRD V and any of their expected amendments have and will 
continue to bring about a number of substantial changes to the current capital requirements, prudential oversight and 
risk-management systems, including those of the Issuer. The direction and the magnitude of the impact of Basel III 
will depend on the particular asset structure of each credit institution and its precise impact on the Issuer cannot be 
quantified with certainty at this time. The Issuer may operate its business in ways that are less profitable than its 
present operation in complying with the guidelines resulting from the transposition of the CRD IV and of the CRD V.

--- Page 17 ---
A44530876 
16
The implementation of Basel III, the CRD IV, the CRD V and any of their expected amendments could affect the 
risk weighting of the Notes in respect of certain Noteholders to the extent that those Noteholders are subject to the 
new guidelines resulting from the implementation of the Capital Requirements Directives. This could materially 
affect the current capital requirements of the Issuer and could have a significant adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of the investment in the Notes. 
(b) 
Risks arising from the implementation of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive (EU) 2014/59 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 
establishing of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the “Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive” or “BRRD II”) was implemented in France by several legislative texts. The 
regime provided for by the BRRD II is, among other things, stated to be needed to provide the authority designated 
by with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to 
ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of 
an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The measures available to banking institutions aim to ensure the continuity of the critical financial and economic 
functions of the latter, while minimizing the overall impact of their possible failure so as to: 

protect customer funds and assets, and in particular those of depositors;

safeguard the resources of the Member State on which the institution depends by minimizing the need for 
extraordinary public financial support; and

avoid serious adverse effects on financial stability. 
Four resolution tools are provided for this purpose: the transfer of some activities, the use of a bridge bank, the 
separation of assets and a bail-in. This last option provides resolution authorities with the ability to depreciate (even 
down to zero) some rights of subordinated creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain subordinated debt 
into equity. 
The obligations foncières issued by Compagnie de Financement Foncier are explicitly excluded from this bail-in 
mechanism, except, where appropriate, for the fraction of the issuer’s outstanding obligations foncières that would 
exceed the value of the hedging portfolio guaranteeing them. This amount should be zero in the vast majority of 
possible scenarios, due to the existing collateralization between the hedging portfolio and the obligations foncières 
outstanding, and to this portfolio’s margin. However, the occurrence of the risk cannot be completely excluded at a 
given time, the hedging portfolio being no longer sufficient to ensure all the obligations foncières outstanding. This 
risk, if it were to materialize, could nevertheless only concern an insignificant fraction of the outstanding obligations 
foncières involved. 
(c) 
Potential conflicts of interest with the Dealers and/or the Calculation Agent 
Certain of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the calculation agent and their respective affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities,

--- Page 18 ---
A44530876 
17
including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
In addition, potential conflicts of interest may exist between Noteholders and the calculation agent (including where 
a Dealer acts as a calculation agent) or any agent appointed for a Tranche of Notes, including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgements that such agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that 
may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. If the 
Issuer appoints a Dealer as calculation agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme, the calculation 
agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its 
business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a calculation 
agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may 
in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives 
which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
1.2 
Risks related to the terms and conditions of the Notes 
(a)  
The Notes may be issued with a specific use of proceeds 
The Issuer may issue Notes the proceeds of which are intended to be used to finance or refinance, in part or in full, 
new and/or existing (i) eligible loans for social assets and/or projects, (ii) eligible loans for green assets and/or 
projects and (iii) any other category specified in the applicable Final Terms (together, the “Eligible Assets”) falling 
within the framework of the sustainable development bond program of Groupe BPCE (as amended from time to 
time) published in the dedicated section of the website of BPCE. 
For the avoidance of doubt, payment of principal and interest (as the case may be) in respect of such Notes will be 
made from general funds of the Issuer and will not be directly or indirectly linked to the performance of Eligible 
Assets. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular asset to be defined as 
"green", "social" or "sustainable". The European Union adopted on 18 June 2020 Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 (the 
“Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Taxonomy”), establishing the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally 
sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. Further 
development of the EU taxonomy will take place via the new Platform on Sustainable Finance, which assists the 
European Commission in developing its sustainable finance policies. In light of the continuing development of legal, 
regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that 
the Eligible Assets will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or 
any present or future Noteholder’s expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such Noteholder or its investments are required to comply. 
Any failure to use an amount equal to the net proceeds from such Notes on Eligible Assets or to meet or continue to 
meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally, socially or sustainably focused Noteholders with 
respect to such Notes may affect the value of the Notes and/or may have consequences for certain Noteholders with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green, social and/or sustainable assets and consequently, Noteholders could be 
adversely affected. 
(b) 
Modification and waivers and substitution 
Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions for calling General Meetings of 
Noteholders or consulting them by way of a Written Resolution (each as defined and described in Condition 10 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) to consider certain matters affecting their interests generally (if the relevant

--- Page 19 ---
A44530876 
18
Final Terms specify “No Masse”, Noteholders will not be grouped in a masse having legal personality governed by 
the provisions of the French Code de commerce and will not be represented by a representative of the masse), 
including without limitation the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant general 
meeting or consultation by way of a resolution in writing and Notesholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. General Meetings may deliberate or Written Resolutions may be adopted on proposals relating to the 
modifications of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the limitation provided by French law.  
However, the Issuer has the option to decide that Noteholders with an initial denomination of, or which can only be 
traded in amounts of, at least €100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue will not be grouped 
in a masse having legal personality governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce and will not be 
represented by a representative of the masse.  
If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair the rights of Noteholders, 
this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
2
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
2.1 
Redemption Risks 
(a) 
Extendible Notes may be redeemed after their initial maturity 
As contemplated in Condition 6 (a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Maturity Date of Extendible Notes 
may be extended automatically until the Extended Maturity Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The 
payment of the unpaid Final Redemption Amount may be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable 
on the Extended Maturity Date, provided that the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Maturity Date may be 
paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. 
In addition, interest payable in respect of Extendible Notes may differ after the initial Maturity Date. 
The extension of the maturity of the Notes from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in 
any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and will result in a delay of 
payments of principal on the relevant Notes. 
The situation of the Issuer may change between the initial Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date. Investors 
may not be repaid in full at the initial Maturity Date but at the Extended Maturity Date and the market value of the 
Notes between the initial Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date might be significantly affected. 
(b) 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Pursuant to Condition 6 (e) and if the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s 
option in certain circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates 
may be relatively low. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may 
feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In such circumstances a 
Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate 
as high as that of the Notes. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Dematerialised Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed. Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Dematerialised Notes so reduced, any 
trading market in respect of those Dematerialised Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid.

--- Page 20 ---
A44530876 
19
Furthermore, as a consequence of an early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder. The Noteholder may thus not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that 
choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a 
lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
2.2 
Interest Rate Risks 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of 
interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and Noteholders 
may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may be negatively altered. While the 
nominal interest rate of the fixed rate Notes is fixed during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the 
capital markets (“market interest rate”) typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the 
market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate 
increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately 
equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes would typically 
increase, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the 
market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes if a Noteholder 
were to dispose of the Notes. Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may be lower than the purchase 
price of the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be 
lost on any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital 
invested.  
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a floating rate of 
interest to Noteholders. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income 
on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, Noteholders are not able to determine 
a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the relevant Final Terms provide for 
frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That 
is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market 
(if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added 
or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the 
life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., 
every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. 
Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to 
market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes 
upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment 
Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively 
impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose 
of its Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
A44530876 
20
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows the issue of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes initially bear interest at a rate, which may be a Fixed Rate or a Floating Rate or which is 
linked to a Product of Spread Formula, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; conversion to another rate, which 
may be a Fixed Rate or a Floating Rate or which is linked to a Product of Spread Formula, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms then takes place either automatically or at the option of the Issuer on a date set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate will affect the secondary market and 
the market value of the Notes since the conversion may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is 
converted to a floating rate or a rate linked to a formula, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes or Formula Linked Notes tied or linked, 
as applicable, to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate or rate linked to a formula at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Therefore, Noteholders could receive a lower return on the Notes and, as a result, lose all or part of the investment 
in the Notes.  
(d) 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of securities issued at a substantial 
discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Therefore, Noteholders issued at a substantial discount or 
premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest bearing 
securities. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
Condition 5(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay no interest to 
Noteholders. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon 
Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity 
and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a 
particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be 
subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and 
Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of the investment in the Notes. 
(f) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
As per Condition 5(c)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or 
interest determined by reference to the rate of inflation in a country or in the European Monetary Union (“Inflation 
Linked Notes”), where interest amounts and/or principal are dependent upon the performance of an inflation index, 
which will be one of (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France or the relevant 
substitute index (the “CPI”), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des 
Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant 
substitute index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly 
by Eurostat (the “HICP”). If the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity is lower than 
the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, 
then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders

--- Page 22 ---
A44530876 
21
may receive no interest. However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked 
Notes will be redeemed at par.  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the inflation indices should be taken as an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. Noteholders are exposed to the risk that 
changes in the levels of the inflation index may adversely affect the value of such Notes and as a result, Noteholders 
could lose part of their investment. Inflation Linked Notes can be volatile investments. If they are structured to 
include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market 
values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
An investment in structured Notes (such as Inflation Linked Notes), the premium and/or the interest on or principal 
of which is determined by reference to one or more values, interest rates or other indices or formulae, either directly 
or inversely, therefore entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in a conventional debt security, 
including the risks that the resulting interest rate will be less than that payable on a conventional debt security at the 
same time and/or that a Noteholder may lose the value of its entire investment or part of it, as the case may be.  
(g) 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
As per Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, a leverage or other factor may be applied to certain 
Notes in order to determine the Rate of Interest and/or redemption amount. Such leverage factor will magnify any 
negative performance of the underlying. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or other 
leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market values may be even more 
volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other 
leverage factor can be particularly volatile investments and such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on 
the market value of the Notes.  
(h) 
Structured Notes 
As per Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, an investment in Notes, the premium and/or the 
interest on or principal of which is determined by reference to one or more values, interest rates or other indices or 
formulae, either directly or inversely, may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in a 
conventional debt security, including the risks that the resulting interest rate will be less than that payable on a 
conventional debt security at the same time and/or that a Noteholder may lose the value of its entire investment or 
part of it, as the case may be. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest rates or other indices 
or formulae should be taken as an indication of future performance of such currencies, commodities, interest rates or 
other indices or formulae during the term of any Note. Accordingly, an investment in any such Notes may entail 
significant risks not associated with similar investments in convention debt securities. Any such volatility may have 
a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of the 
investment in the Notes. 
(i)
Notes subject to inverse exposure 
As per Condition 6 of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, one factor in the determination of the Final Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of Variable Zero Coupon Redemption Notes and the Rate of Interest of 
Reverse Floater Formula Notes is fixed rate minus the underlying rate. The market value of those Notes typically are 
more volatile than market values of other conventional debt securities based on the same underlying rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Those types of Notes are more volatile because an increase in the value of the 
underlying rate not only decreases the Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes and 
therefore Noteholders could receive a lower return on the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest 
rates, which further adversely affects the market value of such Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
A44530876 
22
(j) 
Caps and floors (including Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest) 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes may be subject to a cap and a floor. The Noteholder, therefore, will 
not fully participate in the positive performance of the underlying rate where the cap applies and the interest rate 
and/or redemption amount may be lower than it would have been without a cap. Conversely, the Noteholder will be 
protected, to the extent of any applicable floor, from the negative performance of the underlying rate. Any cap or 
floor may be specified as ‘not applicable’ in the applicable Final Terms. In such circumstances, the cap will be infinity 
and the floor will be zero (0) and the Noteholder will be more exposed to the positive and negative performance of 
the underlying. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and 
Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of the investment in the Notes. 
(k) 
Maximum-Minimum VolBond Formula 
As per Condition 5(c)(v)(G) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, one factor in the determination of the interest 
rate for Notes for which the Maximum-Minimum VolBond Formula is applicable is the lowest level of the underlying 
rate observed during the relevant reference period subtracted from the highest level of the underlying rate observed 
during the relevant reference period. A Noteholder will not therefore fully benefit from the highest level of the 
underlying rate during the relevant reference period. Changes in the level of the underlying rate may have 
disproportionate consequences on the interest amounts paid in respect of the Notes and Noteholders may not receive 
any interest amounts reflecting any positive performance of the underlying rate. Such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Please also see risk factors 2.2 (g) (Variable rate Notes 
with a multiplier or other leverage factor), 22 (h) (Structured Notes) and 2.2 (j) (Caps and floors (including Minimum 
and Maximum Rate of Interest)), which may also be applicable to such Notes. 
(l) 
Pre/Post VolBond Formula 
As per Condition 5(c)(v)(H) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, one factor in the determination of the interest 
rate for Notes for which the Pre/Post VolBond Formula is applicable is the difference between the level of the 
underlying rate on two specified days within the relevant reference period. A Noteholder may not therefore benefit 
from the highest level of the underlying rate during the relevant reference period and may not receive any interest 
amounts reflecting any positive performance of the underlying rate. Changes in the level of the underlying rate may 
have disproportionate consequences on the interest amounts paid in respect of the Notes and Noteholders may not 
receive any interest amounts reflecting any positive performance of the underlying rate. Such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Please also see risk factors 2.2 (g) (Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor), 2.2 (h) (Structured 
Notes) and 2.2 (j) (Caps and floors (including Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest)), which may also be 
applicable to such Notes. 
(m) 
Digital Formula 
As per Condition 5(c)(v)(I) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the interest rate for Notes for which the Digital 
Formula is applicable is linked to the value of an underlying rate, and in particular, whether the value of the 
underlying rate on a relevant observation date falls within a specified range. If the value of the underlying rate falls 
within the range, a different interest rate will apply (the “Formula Rate”) than the rate that would have applied if 
the value of the underlying rate had not fallen within the range (the “Fixed Percentage”). When the Fixed Percentage 
applies, (1) the Fixed Percentage may be lower than the Formula Rate (with the result that the return on the Notes, 
and the value of the Notes, falls) and (2) any increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes. When the Formula Rate applies, (1) the Formula Rate may be lower than the Fixed Percentage (with the result 
that the return on the Notes, and the value of the Notes, falls) and (2) the spread on the Notes may be less favourable 
than the spread on other floating rate securities issued by the Issuer which are linked to the same underlying rate.

--- Page 24 ---
A44530876 
23
Please also see the risk factor 2.2 (o) (Product of Spread Formula) (as the interest rate for Notes for which the 
Formula Rate is applicable is determined in a similar way to the interest rate for Notes for which the Product of 
Spread Formula is applicable).  
Small changes in the value of the underlying rate may have disproportionate consequences on the interest amounts 
paid in respect of the Notes and Noteholders may not receive any interest amounts reflecting any positive 
performance of the underlying rate. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of 
the Notes and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of the investment in the Notes. 
Please also see risk factors 2.2 (g) (Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor), 2.2 (h) (Structured 
Notes) and 2.2 (j) (Caps and floors (including Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest)), which may also be 
applicable to such Notes. 
(n) 
Range Accrual Formula 
As per Condition 5(c)(v)(K) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, one factor in the determination of the interest 
rate for Notes for which the Range Accrual Formula is applicable is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant 
observation period in respect of which the value of the underlying rate falls within a specified range. Such number 
of Range Accrual Days is divided by the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant observation period to 
give the relevant accrual factor. In the event that the value of the underlying rate is not within the range on any Range 
Accrual Day during the relevant observation period, the accrual factor will be zero (0). If the accrual factor is zero 
(0), the interest rate relevant to the Notes could also be zero (0). It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in 
interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes 
and Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment. 
Please also see risk factors 2.2 (g) (Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor), 2.2 (h) (Structured 
Notes) and 2.2 (j) (Caps and floors (including Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest)) which may also be 
applicable to such Notes. 
(o) 
Product of Spread Formula 
As per Condition 5(c)(v)(J) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, one factor in the determination of the interest 
rate for Notes for which the Product of Spread Formula is applicable is the difference between the level of two 
different underlying rates on a specified day. A Noteholder will not therefore benefit from the highest level of either 
underlying rate during the relevant reference period. Therefore, Noteholders could receive a lower return on the 
Notes and, as a result, lose part of the investment in the Notes. 
Please also see risk factors 2.2 (g) (Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor), 2.2 (h) (Structured 
Notes) and 2.2 (j) (Caps and floors (including Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest)), which may also be 
applicable to such Notes.
(p) 
Issuer Rate Switch Option 
As per Condition 5(m)(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and where Issuer Rate Switch Option is applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Issuer may elect that the interest rate for the relevant Notes will be changed such that the 
relevant interest rate is determined as though such Notes were Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, as specified 
in the Final Terms (such changed method of determining the relevant interest rate being the Post Switch Rate). 
Noteholders will have no control over whether or not this option is exercised by the Issuer. If the Issuer elects to 
exercise such option this may negatively affect the interest rate and therefore the value of the Notes. As a result, the 
return under the Notes may be negatively impacted and this would result in a reduced market value of the Notes if 
the Noteholders were to dispose of their Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
A44530876 
24
(q) 
Rate Lock-In 
As per Condition 5(m)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and where Rate Lock-In is applicable in the Final 
Terms, if the interest rate of the relevant Notes is equal to or greater than a specified percentage on an interest 
observation date, the interest rate for the relevant interest accrual period and for each subsequent interest accrual 
period shall be equal to the rate of interest on such date plus or minus a margin, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Noteholders will have no control over whether or not such lock-in will occur which is dependent on the value of an 
underlying rate. The lock-in may or may not be beneficial for Noteholders and this feature may negatively impact 
the value of the Notes.  
(r) 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” 
As per Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of 
Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference 
to interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as CMS Rate, EURIBOR, EONIA, LIBOR, 
TEC 10 or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms), such “benchmarks” are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently 
from the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences that 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
In particular, on 5 March 2021, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced the future 
cessation or loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmark settings published by ICE Benchmark 
Administration (“IBA”). In particular it announced that (i) the publication of 24 LIBOR settings (as detailed in the 
FCA announcement) will cease immediately after 31 December 2021, (ii) the publication of the overnight and 12-
month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023, (iii) immediately after 31 December 
2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month 
sterling LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are 
intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on requiring the IBA to 
continue to publish the three remaining sterling LIBOR settings for a further period after end-2021 on a synthetic 
basis and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings after end-2021 on a synthetic basis for 
one additional year) and (iv) immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to 
measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consider the case for using its proposed powers 
to require IBA to continue publishing these settings on a synthetic basis, for a further period after end June 2023 
taking into account views and evidence from the US authorities and other stakeholders).   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in the European official journal on 29 June 2016 and most of provisions 
of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply since 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision 
of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the European 
Union. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation” and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the “Benchmarks Regulation”) 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to 
comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non EU based, to be

--- Page 26 ---
A44530876 
25
subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of 
administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Similarly, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmark Regulation could have an adverse impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a 
“benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks” or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any Notes linked to a “benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the 
existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material 
benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the Benchmarks 
Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the “Amending 
Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain 
benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not been 
renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement 
(or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the European Commission 
or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks Regulation). These provisions could have a 
negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or 
referencing such benchmark in the event that the fallback provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are 
deemed unsuitable. However, there are still uncertainties about the exact implementation of this provision pending 
the implementing acts of the European Commission. In addition, the Amending Regulation extended the transitional 
provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end of 2023 and empowered the European Commission 
to further extend this transitional period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty 
regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs for use in the bond market (including SONIA (for Sterling LIBOR) and rates 
that may be derived from SONIA) are being developed, outstanding Notes linked to or referencing an IBOR may 
transition away from such IBOR in accordance with the particular fallback arrangements set out in their Terms and 
Conditions. The operation of these fallback arrangements could result in a different return for Noteholders and 
Couponholders (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they might receive under other similar 
securities which contain different or no fallback arrangements (including which they may otherwise receive in the 
event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from any given IBOR to an 
alternative rate). Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes or Formula Linked Notes is to be determined, and LIBOR, EURIBOR, EONIA or another

--- Page 27 ---
A44530876 
26
Reference Rate (each, an “Original Reference Rate”) has been selected as the Reference Rate, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen 
Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither 
the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for the Rate of 
Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to offered quotations from banks communicated to 
the Calculation Agent. Where such offered quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are 
not submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert 
to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference 
Rate was discontinued. If such Original Reference Rate is permanently discontinued, the same Rate of Interest will 
continue to be the Rate of Interest for each successive Interest Period until the maturity of the Floating Rate Notes 
or Formula Linked Notes so that such Notes will, in effect, become fixed rate notes utilising the last available relevant 
Reference Rate and, as a result, Noteholders will not benefit from an increase (if any) in market interest rates which 
may have occurred since the preceding Interest Period. Uncertainty as to the continuation of such Original Reference 
Rate, the availability of offered quotations from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if such 
Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes or 
Formula Linked Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a)) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is 
applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders and 
Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless 
be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the 
application of an Adjustment Spread) may still result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser is 
unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest

--- Page 28 ---
A44530876 
27
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before 
the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has failed, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, the Issuer will continue to 
attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination 
Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent 
Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant 
benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if 
the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to 
apply to maturity. This will result in the floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. Noteholders may, 
in such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have expected if an 
Independent Adviser had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did not fail to determine such Successor 
or Alternative Rate. 
3
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES 
3.1 
No active secondary/trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, 
the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although in 
relation to Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with the AMF in France and with the 
competent authority of the Regulated Market of the EEA where the Notes will be admitted to trading, such admission 
to trading or offer to the public may not occur, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an 
active trading market will develop.  
As a consequence, Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and as a result, Noteholders could 
lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
3.2 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to admit any Tranche of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on 
any other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Therefore, the market value of the 
Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including, but not 
limited to, the value and the volatility of an index, or the dividend on the securities taken up in the index, market 
interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events 
in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on 
which the Notes, the securities taken up in the index, or the index are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will

--- Page 29 ---
A44530876 
28
be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or 
the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may 
be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would receive significantly less than the 
total amount of capital invested.

--- Page 30 ---
A44530876 
29
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
Certain tranches of Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-Exempt Offer”) in any Member State of the EEA (a “Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction”). 
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of any Notes is 
made, the Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, consents to the use of the Base Prospectus together 
with any supplement with respect thereto that may be published from time to time and the relevant Final Terms 
(together, the “Prospectus”) in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Notes during the offer period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the “Offer Period”) and in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms by:  
(1)  
subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary designated in such Final 
Terms; or
(2)  
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the “Rules”), from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both 
the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential 
investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus 
which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) complies with the target market and distribution channels 
identified under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in the relevant Final Terms, as the case 
may be; (d) ensures that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or 
potential investors; (e) holds all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; (f) retains investor identification 
records for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such 
records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and “know your client” rules applying to the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case an 
“Authorised Offeror”). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any 
obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall 
therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the content 
of the Base Prospectus in relation to any Investor in such Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) to whom an offer of any 
Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is 
given. However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised 
Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local 
regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date falling 12 months from 
the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF.

--- Page 31 ---
A44530876 
30
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use the 
Base Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors after the 
date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised 
Offerors who are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms 
at https://www.foncier.fr. 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Base Prospectus during the Offer 
Period, any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website 
that it is using the Base Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in 
accordance with the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-Exempt 
Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Base Prospectus in connection 
with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised 
Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers and 
sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and 
other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to price 
allocations and settlement arrangements (the “Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer”). The Issuer will 
not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or 
sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror 
at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors 
has any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 32 ---
A44530876 
31
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, the 
Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base 
Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a 
Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2a of the Prospectus Regulations, where the relevant Final Terms relate 
to a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA, investors who have already agreed to purchase or 
subscribe for Notes before any supplement is published shall have the right, exercisable within three working days 
after the publication of such supplement, to withdraw their acceptance provided that the new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose before the final closing of the 
Non-Exempt Offer or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. The period may be extended by the Issuer or, 
if any, the relevant offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. On 15 June 
2022, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-
france.org/en) and the Issuer (https://www.foncier.fr) and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request 
and free of charge, during usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer (19, rue des 
Capucines, 75001 Paris, France).

--- Page 33 ---
A44530876 
32
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections set out in the cross reference 
tables below from the following documents:  
(a)
the universal registration document of the Issuer in French and English language for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020, which was filed with the AMF under registration number n° D. 21-0179 on 23 
March 2021 (the “Universal Registration Document 2020”);
Compagnie-de-Financement-Foncier-Document-denregistrement-universel-2020.pdf 
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2021/03/Compagnie-de-Financement-Foncier-2020-Universal-
registration-document.pdf  
(b)
the universal registration document of the Issuer in French and English language for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019, which was filed with the AMF under registration number n° D. 20-0200 on 
27 March 2020 (the “Universal Registration Document 2019”);
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2020/03/Compagnie-de-Financement-Foncier-URD-2019-FR.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2020/03/Compagnie-de-Financement-Foncier-Universal-registration-
document-2019.pdf  
(c)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated, respectively 
25 August 2005 (the “2005 EMTN Conditions”), 1 August 2006 (the “2006 EMTN Conditions”), 
16 July 2007 (the “2007 EMTN Conditions”), 4 July 2008 (the “2008 EMTN Conditions”), 3 July 2009 
(the “2009 EMTN Conditions”), 1 July 2010 (the “2010 EMTN Conditions”), 30 June 2011 (the “2011 
EMTN Conditions”), 26 June 2012 (the “2012 EMTN Conditions”), 26 June 2013 (the “2013 EMTN 
Conditions”), 27 June 2014 (the “2014 EMTN Conditions”), 26 June 2015 (the “2015 EMTN 
Conditions”), 15 June 2016 (the “2016 EMTN Conditions”), 16 June 2017 (the “2017 EMTN 
Conditions”), 15 June 2018 (the “2018 EMTN Conditions”), 14 June 2019 (the “2019 EMTN 
Conditions”), 12 June 2020 (the “2020 EMTN Conditions”) and in the second supplement dated 25 
February 2010 to the base prospectus dated 3 July 2009 (the “Additional February 2010 EMTN 
Conditions” and together with the 2005 EMTN Conditions, the 2006 EMTN Conditions, the 2007 
EMTN Conditions, the 2008 EMTN Conditions, the 2009 EMTN Conditions, the 2010 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2011 EMTN Conditions, the 2012 EMTN Conditions, the 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 
2014 EMTN Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2016 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions and the 2020 EMTN Conditions, 
the “EMTN Previous Conditions”).  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2020/05/Base-Prospectus-2005-08-25.pdf 
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2020/05/Base-Prospectus-2006-08-01.pdf 
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/CFF_Update_2007_Base_Prospectus.pdf 
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/Base_Prospectus_CieFF_2008.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/Prospectus_2009_Fr.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/Base-Prospectus-CieFF_Update_2010.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/EMTN-Base-Prospectus-CieFF-2011.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/Base-Prospectus-CieFF-2012.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/2013.06.26-Base-Prospectus-CieFF-2013.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/2014.06.27-Base-Prospectus-CieFF-2014.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/EMTN-CieFF-2015-Base-Prospectus.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/EMTN-CieFF-2016-Base-Prospectus-avec-visa.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/CFF_Update-2017_Base-Prospectus-final-visa.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/CFF-2018_Base-Prospectus-final-with-visa.pdf
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2019/06/CFF-2019_Base-Prospectus-final-with-visa.pdf  
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2020/06/CFF-2020_Base-Prospectus.pdf 
https://foncier.fr/fcontent/uploads/2018/08/Second_Prospectus_Supplement_CieFF_2009.pdf

--- Page 34 ---
A44530876 
33
The sections set out in the cross reference table are incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that 
any statement contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Copies of the documents set out in (a), (b) and (c) above may be obtained without charge from (i) the registered 
office of the Issuer, (ii) the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org/en) (save for the 2005 EMTN 
Conditions (as defined above)), (iii) the website of the Issuer (https://www.foncier.fr) and/or (iv) the offices of each 
Paying Agent set out at the end of this Base Prospectus during normal business hours. 
Furthermore, no information in the website of the Issuer (https://www.foncier.fr) nor the website itself forms any part 
of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall be read in connection with the cross-reference list below. For the avoidance of doubt, any information not listed 
in the cross-reference list below but included in the documents incorporated by reference shall not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and is not relevant for investors.
Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980  – 
Annex VI  
Universal Registration 
Document 2020
Universal Registration 
Document 2019
3. RISKS FACTORS 
3.1 A description of the material risks that are 
specific to the issuer and that may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
Pages 81 to 87 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
4.1.5 Details of any recent event particular to 
the issuer and which are to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency.
Page 195 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW
5.1 Principal activities 
5.1.1 A description of the principal activities, 
including:  
(a) the main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed; 
(b) an indication of any significant new 
product or activities;  
(c) the principal markets in which the issuer 
competes. 
Pages 24 to 29 
5.2 The basis for any statements made by the 
issuer regarding its competitive position. 
Pages 6 to 10 
7. TREND INFORMATION 
7.2 Information on any known trends, 
uncertainties, demands, commitments or 
events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the issuer’s prospects for at 
least the current financial year. 
Pages 5, 96, 141, 195

--- Page 35 ---
A44530876 
34
Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980  – 
Annex VI  
Universal Registration 
Document 2020
Universal Registration 
Document 2019
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions 
within the Issuer of the members of the 
administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies and principal activities performed by 
them outside the Issuer 
Pages 44 to 59 
 9.2 Potential conflicts of interests between 
any duties to the issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be clearly 
stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be 
made.
Page 76 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
10.1 To the extent known to the issuer, state 
whether the issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control, and 
describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused.
Page 189 
10.2 A description of any arrangements, 
known to the issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in a change in 
control of the issuer.
Page 195 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND LOSSES
11.1 Historical financial information
11.1.1. 
Audited 
historical 
financial 
information covering at least two financial 
years and the audit report in respect of each 
year
Pages 138 to 179 
Pages 136 to 176
Audit reports
Pages 176 to 179 
Pages 173 to 176
Balance sheet
Page 139 
Page 137
Off-balance sheet 
Page 140 
Page 138 
Income statement
Page 138 
Page 136
Cash flow statement  
Page 174 
Page 171 
Accounting 
policies 
and 
explanatory notes
Pages 141 to 175 
Pages 139 to 172
11.1.3. The financial information must be 
prepared according to International Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union 
based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002
Pages 138 to 175 
Pages 136 to 172
11.3. Auditing of historical annual financial 
information

--- Page 36 ---
A44530876 
35
Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980  – 
Annex VI  
Universal Registration 
Document 2020
Universal Registration 
Document 2019
11.3.1 The historical annual financial 
information must be independently audited. 
The audit report shall be prepared in 
accordance with the Directive 2014/56/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Pages 176 to 179 
Pages 173 to 176 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues 
of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued with the relevant EMTN Previous 
Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2005 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 20 to 42 
2006 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 38 to 59 
2007 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 45 to 66 
2008 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 45 to 66 
2009 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 50 to 72 
2010 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 53 to 74 
2011 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 53 to 75 
2012 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 55 to 77 
2013 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 82 to 121 
2014 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 83 to 132 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 83 to 133 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 71 to 120 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 76 to 125 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 77 to 130 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 79 to 134 
2020 EMTN Conditions  
Pages 44 to 109 
Additional February 2010 EMTN Conditions 
Page 5

--- Page 37 ---
A44530876 
36
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of 
the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following 
text as completed by Part A of the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of 
these terms and conditions together with the provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions 
as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on 
Definitive Materialised Notes. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 15 June 2021 has been agreed between Compagnie de 
Financement Foncier (the “Issuer”), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named 
in it (the “Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination 
agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
“Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as amended. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Certain defined terms contained in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules published by the AFB or the FBF (together, the “FBF 
Master Agreement”) and in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., have either been used or reproduced in Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) below. 
Copies of the FBF Master Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents. 
1
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a)
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq.
and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
(a)
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the 
final terms (the “Final Terms”), in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur),
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or 
in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder in either administered registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated

--- Page 38 ---
A44530876 
37
by the relevant holder of Notes or in fully registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of a registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
“Registration Agent”). 
(b)
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any intermediary 
institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of its customers 
with Euroclear France, Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary 
bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”). 
The Issuer may request from the central depository the identification of the holders of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) unless such right is expressly excluded 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii)
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form. Definitive Materialised Notes are printed on 
security paper, are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the “Coupons”) (and, 
where appropriate, a talon (the “Talons”) attached), save in the case of (A) Zero Coupon 
Notes, (B) Resettable Zero Coupon Notes (other than in relation to interest payable on the 
designation of a Reset Date) and (C) Zero Coupon/ Fixed Rate Notes (other than in relation 
to any interest payable on or after the designation of a Switch Date) in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date or the 
Extended Maturity Date, if any), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (including the Notes) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
(b)
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms provided that such denomination shall be equal to such minimum amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in 
one Specified Denomination only. 
(c)
Title: 
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may 
only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Registration 
Agent. 
(ii)
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes and Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
(iii)
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 39 ---
A44530876 
38
(iv)
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the 
relevant Account Holder or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any definitive 
Materialised Note and the Coupon or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d)
Redenomination:  
(i)
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 days’ 
notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become 
a participating Member State in the third stage (or any further stage) of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European 
Community (the “EC”, as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”)) or events have 
occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, “EMU”), redenominate 
all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate 
principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms 
accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective 
shall be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii)
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) (Redenomination) shall be 
made by converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency 
into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by 
the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal 
amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall 
be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined 
shall be notified to holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). Any 
balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 
shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euros on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to holders of Notes by the Issuer. 
(iii)
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency 
shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv)
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any 
consolidation pursuant to Condition 12 (Further Issues and Consolidation), without the 
consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these 
Conditions or Condition 12 (Further Issues and Consolidation) (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated Euromarket 
debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. 
Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the

--- Page 40 ---
A44530876 
39
holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to holders of Notes in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v)
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the credit or transfer of Euros or any currency conversion or rounding 
effected in connection therewith. 
2
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a)
Dematerialised Notes 
(i)
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted for Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted for Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) 
may, at the option of the holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of 
any such option by such holder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of 
such holder. 
(b)
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
3
Status 
The Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional and, pursuant 
to the provisions of Condition 4 (Privilège), privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or future 
notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the 
privilège (the “Privilège”) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier as described 
in Condition 4 (Privilège). 
4
Privilège 
(a)
The Notes benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) created by Article L.513-11 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b)
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, all amounts payable to the 
Issuer in respect of loans, assimilated receivables, exposure and securities referred to in 
Article L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the forward financial 
instruments referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier (in each case 
after any applicable netting), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with 
credit institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of the 
obligations foncières issued by the Issuer and any other resources raised by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Privilège.

--- Page 41 ---
A44530876 
40
It should be noted that not only Notes benefit from the Privilège; other resources (such as loans) and 
derivative transactions for hedging Notes and such other resources may also benefit from the 
Privilège. 
(c)
Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that, notwithstanding any 
legislative provisions to the contrary and in particular those contained in the French Code de
commerce (relating to conciliation (conciliation), preservation (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) and judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire)), the amounts due regularly 
under obligations foncières and any other resources benefiting from the Privilège, are paid on their 
contractual due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred, including interest 
resulting from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from 
the Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the 
assets and rights of the Issuer. 
5
Interest and other Calculations 
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive or negative), or (b) a 
formula or a methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as 
the case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii)
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied);
(iii)
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d) 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or

--- Page 42 ---
A44530876 
41
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as 
a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or
(v)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Original 
Reference Rate has materially changed; or
(vi)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, or on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate is no longer (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market, as the case may be, and 
not the date of the relevant public statement 
“Business Day” means: 
(i)
in the case of Euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”) and/or 
(ii)
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency and/or 
(iii)
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centres specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Business Centres”), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency 
in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” or “Act/Act” or “Act/Act (ISDA)” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)

--- Page 43 ---
A44530876 
42
(ii)
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose 
denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF 
shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed 
during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose 
numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator 
is 366 
(iii)
if “Actual/Actual - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each 
calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such 
period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period) 
(iv)
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year  
where 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the Interest Payment Date 
(v)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose 
denominator is 365 
(vi)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 
360 
(vii)
if “30/360” or “360/360 (Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360

--- Page 44 ---
A44530876 
43
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30 
(viii)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30 
(ix)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where:

--- Page 45 ---
A44530876 
44
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty  
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
Transactions on Forward Financial Instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) (excluding the Benchmark Events Technical Schedule published in February 2020) as 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (“FBF”) (together the “FBF Master Agreement”), 
as may be supplemented or amended on the Issue Date  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive 
period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling 
two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in Paris for the Specified Currency prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro, each such 
date shall be deemed to be an “Observation Date” for the purposes of Condition 6(l) (Benchmark 
Rate)

--- Page 46 ---
A44530876 
45
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date, or such other Interest Period specified in the relevant Final Terms 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as supplemented or amended from time to time, as at the Issue Date.  
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes  
“Rate of Interest” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of interest for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) which is determined in 
accordance with these Conditions and payable in relation to the such Interest Accrual Period in 
respect of the Notes 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of 
four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if otherwise, 
the principal offices of five major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by 
the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of 
it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes 
if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such 
Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, EONIA, CMS Rate or TEC10 (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)

--- Page 47 ---
A44530876 
46
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more 
than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is 
the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto. 
(b)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Subject to Condition 5(m) (Rate Switch and Rate Lock-In Options), 
each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(j) (Calculations). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable 
on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Formula Linked Notes: 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Subject to Condition 5(m) (Rate Switch and Rate Lock-In 
Options), each Floating Rate Note, Inflation Linked Note and Formula Linked Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest (subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest/Final Redemption Amount/Optional Redemption Amounts and Rounding)), such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(j) (Calculations). Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be carried forward to the following 
Business Day, (B) the Following Business Day except the Following Month Convention,

--- Page 48 ---
A44530876 
47
such date shall be carried forward to the following day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be carried 
back to the previous Business Day or (C) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be carried back to the previous Business Day.  
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined according to the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(A)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other date as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)” and 
“Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided 
that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits in Euro which appears on Reuters 
page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(b) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(c) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other 
date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the specified ISDA Rate is not available, the applicable interest rate will be determined 
according to the fallback rules of the relevant Floating Rate Options under the ISDA 
Definitions. In such circumstances, the “Fallback Observation Day” (as used under the 
ISDA Definitions) shall mean “the date which is 5 Business Days preceding the related

--- Page 49 ---
A44530876 
48
Payment Date”. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under the ISDA Definitions, 
the Calculation Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in 
determining the fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions require the 
Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretion, the Issuer will provide written direction 
to the Calculation Agent specifying how such discretion should be exercised, and the 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully 
protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or to Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(Benchmark Discontinuation) below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or any other such page 
as may replace that page on the relevant service, or such other service as may be 
nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates) (the “Relevant Screen Page Reference Rate”) as at either (i) 11.00 a.m. 
(London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or, 
(ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time, on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided hereon. 
(b)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Issuer, or an appointed agent on its behalf, shall request, (i) if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks, (ii) if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks or, (iii) if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately

--- Page 50 ---
A44530876 
49
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time, on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(c)
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, 
as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(d)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EONIA, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or to Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(Benchmark Discontinuation) below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the 
day-to-day Euro-zone interbank euro money market as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms)

--- Page 51 ---
A44530876 
50
the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
d
n
EONIA
o
d
i
i
i
360
1
360
1
1
















Where: 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“do” for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of TARGET Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“EONIAi”, for any day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is a reference 
rate equal to the overnight rate as calculated by the European Central Bank and 
appearing on the Reuters Screen EONIA Page or such other page or service as may 
replace such page for the purposes of displaying Euro overnight index average rate 
of leading reference banks for deposits in Euro (the “EONIA Page”) in respect of 
that day provided that, if, for any reason, by 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on any such 
day “i”, no rate is published on the EONIA Page, the Issuer, or an appointed agent 
on its behalf will request any four major banks selected by it (but which shall not 
include the Calculation Agent) in the Euro-zone inter-bank market to provide it 
with their respective quotations of the rates offered by such banks at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on such day “i” to prime banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market for Euro overnight index average rate for deposits in Euro in an 
amount that is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, or an appointed agent on its 
behalf, representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time. The applicable reference rate for such day “i” shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary, to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards) of at least two of the rates so quoted, it being provided 
that if less than two rates are provided to the Calculation Agent, the applicable 
reference rate shall be determined by the Issuer, or an appointed agent on its behalf 
after consultation of an independent expert;
“ni” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period on which 
the rate is EONIAi; and
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(e)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or to 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(Benchmark Discontinuation) below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin

--- Page 52 ---
A44530876 
51
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Issuer, or an appointed agent on its behalf shall 
request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; (ii) if at least three of the CMS Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations and 
the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations) and 
(iii) if on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided 
in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Issuer, or an 
appointed agent on its behalf on such commercial basis as considered appropriate 
by the Issuer, or an appointed agent on its behalf in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with the then prevailing standard market practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where 
the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading 
swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency 
is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer, or an appointed agent on its behalf.  
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Reference Financial Centre” means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Specified Time” and “Relevant Screen Page” shall 
have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Margin” has the meaning set out in Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum 
Rates of Interest/Final Redemption Amount/Optional Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding). 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the

--- Page 53 ---
A44530876 
52
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions, as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes) with a 
designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the then prevailing standard market practice or the ISDA Definitions;
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one 
year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one 
year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity of three 
months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with 
a designated maturity of three months; and
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency of if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(f)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the TEC10, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be, subject as provided below, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: TEC10 
+ Margin.

--- Page 54 ---
A44530876 
53
“TEC10” means the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the EUR-TEC10-CNO 1 , calculated by the Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire (“CNO”), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being the 
caption “TEC10” on the Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page, 
as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  
If, on any Interest Determination Date, TEC10 does not appear on Reuters Screen 
CNOTEC Page or any successor page, (i) it shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two reference OAT 
(Obligation Assimilable du Trésor) which would have been used by the Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire for the calculation of the relevant rate, quoted in each 
case by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris 
time on the Interest Determination Date in question; (ii) the Calculation Agent will 
request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide a quotation of its price; 
and (iii) TEC10 will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of such prices 
as determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding the highest and lowest of 
such quotations. The above mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been used by 
the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the determination of the relevant rate. 
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 1996, 
is the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 0.005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury Bond 
(Obligation Assimilable du Trésor, “OAT”) corresponding to the linear 
interpolation between the yield to maturity of the two actual OATs (the “Reference 
OATs”) whose periods to maturity are closest in duration to the notional 10 year 
OAT, one Reference OAT's duration being of less than 10 years and the other 
Reference OAT's duration being greater than 10 years.  
In these Conditions, Deutsche Bank, AG London Branch will not be calculation 
agent for the purposes of selecting any reference banks or obtaining quotations 
from such reference banks. 
(D)
Benchmark discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For 
the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not apply and shall not 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(A) and 5(c)(iii)(B). 
(a)
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, 
1 
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 55 ---
A44530876 
54
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)) and notify 
the above to the Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Fiscal Agent as soon as possible 
and, to the extent reasonably practicable due to the availability of the necessary 
information on the market, no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period. In 
making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an expert. In the absence of bad faith, manifest error or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
(b)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)).  
(c)
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
(ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment

--- Page 56 ---
A44530876 
55
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being admitted to 
trading. 
(e)
Notices 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the 
Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) will 
be notified as soon as possible and, to the extent reasonably practicable due to the 
availability of the necessary information on the market, no later than ten (10) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative of the Masse and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by an authorised 
signatory of the Issuer and the Independent Adviser: 
(i) 
confirming, on the basis of the determination of the Independent Adviser (i) 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined by the Independent Adviser in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D); and
(ii) 
certifying that the Independent Adviser has confirmed Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 57 ---
A44530876 
56
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, 
the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(f)
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (a), 
(b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
(iv)
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:  
Where the applicable Final Terms specify Inflation Linked Notes as applicable (“Inflation 
Linked Notes”) the Rate of Interest shall (i) if Inflation Linked Notes – Fixed Interest is 
applicable, be calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), 
or (ii) if Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation Interest is applicable, be calculated in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv) 
(A) Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et 
des Etudes Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) shall apply. Terms defined 
herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the 
“CPI Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(a) On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
“Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A), the “Inflation 
Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on any 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be and (ii) the base 
reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 
5(i)(iii) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest/Final 
Redemption 
Amount/Optional 
Redemption 
Amounts 
and

--- Page 58 ---
A44530876 
57
Rounding), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (i) in relation to 
the first day of any given calendar month, the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and (ii 
in relation to a day D (other than the first day) in any given 
calendar month (“M”), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third calendar 
month preceding such month (“M – 3”) and the second calendar 
month preceding such month (“M – 2”) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly 
Reference 
Index M-3 
D-1 
x (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2 - CPI Monthly Reference 
IndexM-3) 
+
NDM
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 31;
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 25;
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: the level of the CPI 
Monthly Reference Index published in relation to month M - 2;
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: the level of the CPI 
Monthly Reference Index published in relation to month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(i)(iii) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum 
Rates of Interest/Final Redemption Amount/Optional Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR <GO> pages and 
on the website https://www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the 
interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the 
procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its 
obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” means the definitive consumer 
price index excluding tobacco for all households in France, as 
calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such index 
may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein.

--- Page 59 ---
A44530876 
58
(b) The calculation method described below is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité 
de Normalisation Obligataire – https://www.cnofrance.org) in its 
July 2011 Paper entitled “Inflation – linked bonds). In the case of 
any conflict between the calculation method provided below and 
the calculation method provided by the French Bond Association 
(Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method 
provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each 
Interest Accrual Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
will be equal to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above). 
(c) 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the 
“Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index”) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice 
provisoire) has already been published, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference 
Index would be published under the heading "indice de 
substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date. 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, 
a substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most 
recently published figure adjusted as set out in the following 
formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
1 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index 
M-1
x 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-1
12 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-13
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes 
which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained

--- Page 60 ---
A44530876 
59
on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of 
the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the 
following year. Such chaining will be carried out in 
accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the previous basis
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexDate D New Basis 
= CPI Monthly Reference IndexDate D Previous 
Basis 
X Key 
(B) Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) shall apply. Terms defined 
herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(B) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP 
(the “HICP Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
“Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(B), the “Inflation 
Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on any 
Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be 
and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(i)(iii) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum 
Rates of Interest/Final Redemption Amount/Optional Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to 
five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (i) in relation 
to the first day of any given calendar month, the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index of the third calendar month preceding such 
month, and (ii) in relation to a day D (other than the first day) in 
any given month (“M"), the linear interpolation of the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third

--- Page 61 ---
A44530876 
60
calendar month preceding such month (“M – 3”) and the second 
calendar month preceding such month (“M – 2”) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly Reference 
IndexM-3
+ 
D-1
X (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2-HICP Monthly Reference Index 
M-3) 
ND
M
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 31;
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 25;
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: the level of the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index published in relation to month M - 2;
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: the level of the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index published in relation to month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(i)(iii) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum 
Rates of Interest/Final Redemption Amount/Optional Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page 
OATEI01, on the website https://www.aft.gouv.fr and on 
Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” means to the harmonised 
index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as 
calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a 
given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to 
the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
(b) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each 
Interest Accrual Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
will be equal to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above).
(c) 
 
(1)
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the 
“Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index”) shall be

--- Page 62 ---
A44530876 
61
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has 
already been published by Eurostat, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP Monthly 
Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply 
from the day following its release to all calculations taking 
place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as set 
out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
1 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1
x 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-
1
12 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-
13
(2) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes 
which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained 
on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the 
following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance 
with the following equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the new basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the previous basis
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexDate D New Basis 
= HICP Monthly Reference IndexDate D Previous 
Basis 
X Key 
(v)
Rate of Interest for Formula Linked Notes: 
(Formula Linked Notes can only be issued with a denomination of at least €100,000) 
(A) Index Formula: When the Index Formula is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for the issue of Notes having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 63 ---
A44530876 
62
for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Participation x (Leverage1 x Index1- Leverage2 x 
Index2) + Spread 
Where: 
"Designated Maturity" means a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Index1" means the Index Reference Rate or the CPI Reference Rate or the 
HICP Reference Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Index2" means the Index Reference Rate or the CPI Reference Rate or the 
HICP Reference Rate or 0 (zero) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Index Reference Rate" means the rate designated as such in the Final Terms 
with the Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms determined 
in accordance with the Screen Rate Determination or the ISDA Determination 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“Leverage1” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to one (1). 
“Leverage2” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to one (1). 
"Participation" means the coefficient specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CPI Reference Rate” for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM
- 1 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM’
Where: 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M”: the level of the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) (Consumer Price Index (CPI))) 
published in relation to month M;
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M’”: the level of the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) (Consumer Price Index (CPI))) 
published in relation to month M’;
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the 
Interest Determination Date falls;

--- Page 64 ---
A44530876 
63
"M’" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the 
Interest Determination Date falls. 
If the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM or the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM’ is 
or are not published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)(c) (Consumer 
Price Index (CPI)) shall apply.
“HICP Reference Rate” for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM
- 1 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM’
Where: 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M”: the level of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) (Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices (HICP)) published in relation to month M;
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M’”: the level of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) (Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices (HICP)) published in relation to month M’;
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the 
Interest Determination Date falls;
"M’" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which 
the Interest Determination Date falls. 
If the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM or the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM’ 
is or are not published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)(c) 
(Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP)) shall apply. 
(B) Underlying Formula: When the Underlying Formula is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for the issue of Notes having a denomination of at least 
€100,000 as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Participation x (1 + Underlying + Spread)k – 1  
Where: 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified 
Time. 
"Designated Maturity" means the maturity specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Participation" means the coefficient specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 65 ---
A44530876 
64
"Reference Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or any successor page. 
"Specified Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"TEC" means the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, calculated by the Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, as at 
the Specified Time. 
"Underlying" means either TEC2 or CMS Rate, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, with the applicable Designated Maturity, Relevant Screen Page 
and Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"k" means the coefficient specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, CMS Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time, the adjustment provisions with 
respect to the Relevant Screen Page for CMS Rate set out in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) shall apply. 
If, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, TEC does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time, (i) TEC shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two 
reference OAT (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor) which would have been used 
by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the calculation of TEC, quoted 
in each case by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10:00 
a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in question; (ii) the 
Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide 
a quotation of its price; and (iii) TEC will be the redemption yield of the 
arithmetic mean of such prices as determined by the Calculation Agent after 
discarding the highest and lowest of such quotations. The above mentioned 
redemption yield shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula that would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire for the determination of the relevant rate. 
(C) CPI Formula: When the CPI Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for the issue of Notes having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
2 
All potential users of the TEC must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 66 ---
A44530876 
65
Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest 
= 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM
- 1 + Spread 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM’
Where: 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M”: the level of the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) (Consumer Price Index (CPI))) 
published in relation to month M;
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M’”: the level of the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) (Consumer Price Index (CPI))) 
published in relation to month M’;
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the 
Interest Determination Date falls;
"M’" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the 
Interest Determination Date falls. 
“Spread” means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM or the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM’ is 
or are not published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)(c) (Consumer 
Price Index (CPI)) shall apply. 
(D) HICP Formula: When the HICP Formula is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for the issue of Notes having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM
- 1 + Spread 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM’
Where: 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M”: the level of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) (Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices (HICP))) published in relation to month M;
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M’”: the level of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) (Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices (HICP))) published in relation to month M’;

--- Page 67 ---
A44530876 
66
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the 
Interest Determination Date falls;
"M’" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the 
Interest Determination Date falls. 
“Spread” means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM or the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM’ 
is or are not published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)(c) 
(Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP)) shall apply. 
(E) Leveraged Floating Rate Formula: When the Leveraged Floating Rate 
Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms, for an issue of Notes having a 
denomination of at least €100,000, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = (Benchmark Rate Level + Margin) x Leverage 
Where: 
“Benchmark Rate Level” means the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Leverage” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to one (1). 
“Margin” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or 
number for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative 
value or may be equal to zero (0). 
 (F) Reverse Floater Formula: When the Reverse Floater Formula is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, for an issue of Notes having a denomination of at least 
€100,000, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with: 
(a) 
in respect of the Initial Interest Periods, the Fixed Interest or the Floating 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Subsequent Interest Periods, the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Fixed Percentage - Benchmark Rate Level 
Where: 
“Benchmark Rate Level” means the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the Final Terms;

--- Page 68 ---
A44530876 
67
“Fixed Interest” means the Rate of Interest determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes);
“Fixed Percentage” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
percentage for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“Floating Interest” means the Rate of Interest determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes);
“Initial Interest Periods” means the Interest Accrual Periods specified as the 
Initial Interest Periods in the relevant Final Terms;
“Subsequent Interest Periods” means the Interest Accrual Periods specified 
as the Subsequent Interest Periods in the relevant Final Terms. 
(G) Maximum-Minimum VolBond Formula: When the Maximum-Minimum 
VolBond Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms, for an issue of Notes 
having a denomination of at least €100,000, as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula:  
Rate of Interest = Leverage x (Maximum Floating Rate – Minimum Floating Rate) 
Where: 
“Benchmark Rate Level” means the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Interest Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from and including the date falling such number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms immediately preceding the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period to and including the date falling such number 
of Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms immediately preceding 
the last day of that Interest Accrual Period; 
“Leverage” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to one (1);
“Maximum Floating Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the highest Benchmark Rate Level observed on any Performance Observation 
Date falling during the relevant Interest Observation Period;
“Minimum Floating Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the lowest Benchmark Rate Level observed on any Performance Observation 
Date falling during the relevant Interest Observation Period; 
“Performance Observation Date” means, with respect to an Interest 
Observation Period, each date specified as a Performance Observation Date in

--- Page 69 ---
A44530876 
68
the relevant Final Terms, which may be each date falling every one (1), seven 
(7), 30, 60, 90, 180 or 365 days after the first date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or such other date(s) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) falling 
within such Interest Observation Period. Each Performance Observation Date 
shall be deemed to be an Observation Date. 
(H) Pre/Post VolBond Formula: When the Pre/Post VolBond Formula is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, for an issue of Notes having a denomination of at 
least €100,000, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Leverage x AbsoluteValue (PostFloatingRate – PreFloatingRate) 
Where: 
“Absolute Value” means, in respect of a number, its non-negative value 
without regard to its sign. For example, the Absolute Value of -10 is 10;
“Benchmark Rate Level” means the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Interest Observation Date” means, a Pre Rate Observation Date or a Post 
Rate Observation Date;
“Leverage” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to one (1);
“Post Floating Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
Benchmark Rate Level on the Post Rate Observation Date;
“Pre Floating Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
Benchmark Rate Level on the Pre Rate Observation Date; 
“Post Rate Observation Date” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding 
the last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and each such date shall be deemed to be an Observation Date;
“Pre Rate Observation Date” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and each such date shall be deemed to be an Observation Date. 
(I) 
Digital Formula: When the Digital Formula is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for an issue of Notes having a denomination of at least €100,000, as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 70 ---
A44530876 
69
for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date as follows: 
(a) if the Underlying Rate is within the Range on the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, then the following formula will apply: 
Rate of Interest = (LeverageA x Rate1 – LeverageB x Rate2) ± W 
or;
(b) if the Underlying Rate is not within the Range on the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, the Rate of Interest will be equal to the Fixed 
Percentage. 
Where: 
“Benchmark Rate Level1” means the rate determined on the Interest 
Observation Date in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with 
variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate Level2” means the rate determined on the Interest 
Observation Date in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with 
variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate LevelA” means the rate determined on the Interest 
Observation Date in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with 
variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate LevelB” means the rate determined on the Interest 
Observation Date in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with 
variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Fixed Percentage” means, the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“Interest Observation Date” means each date falling such number of Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms immediately preceding the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. Where the Underlying Rate is an 
Underlying Benchmark Rate Level or an Underlying Spread Rate, each such 
date shall be deemed to be an Observation Date; 
“LeverageA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to one (1);
“LeverageB” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to one (1);
“Lower Limit” means the percentage or number specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 71 ---
A44530876 
70
“Range” means, any one (only) of Range1, Range2, Range3, Range4, Range5 as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Range1” means that on the relevant Interest Observation Date the Underlying 
Rate is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the 
Upper Limit;
“Range2” means that on the relevant Interest Observation Date the Underlying 
Rate is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit;
“Range3” means that on the relevant Interest Observation Date the Underlying 
Rate is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit;
“Range4” means that on the relevant Interest Observation Date the Underlying 
Rate is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the Upper Limit;
“Range5” means that on the relevant Interest Observation Date the Underlying 
Rate is less than the Lower Limit or greater than the Upper Limit;
“Rate1” means the Benchmark Rate Level1;
“Rate2” means the Benchmark Rate Level2;
“Underlying Benchmark Rate Level” means the rate determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the 
Final Terms;
“Underlying Fixed Percentage” means, the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;
“Underlying Rate” means the Underlying Fixed Percentage, the Underlying 
Benchmark Rate Level or the Underlying Spread Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Underlying Spread Rate” means a percentage equal to Benchmark Rate 
LevelA minus Benchmark Rate LevelB; 
“Upper Limit” means the percentage or number specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;
“W” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(J) Product of Spread Formula: When the Product of Spread Formula is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, for an issue of Notes having a denomination of at 
least €100,000, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date as follows:    
Rate of Interest = FixedPercentage + (LeverageA x BenchmarkRate1 – LeverageB x BenchmarkRate2) ± W 
Where: 
“Benchmark Rate1” means the Benchmark Rate Level1;
“Benchmark Rate2” means the Benchmark Rate Level2;

--- Page 72 ---
A44530876 
71
“Benchmark Rate Level1” means the rate determined on the Interest 
Observation Date in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with 
variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate Level2” means the rate determined on the Interest 
Observation Date in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with 
variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Fixed Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“Interest Observation Date” means each date falling such number of Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms immediately preceding the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and each such date shall be deemed to 
be an Observation Date; 
“LeverageA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to one (1);
“LeverageB” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to one (1);
“W” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(K) Range Accrual Formula: When the Range Accrual Formula is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for an issue of Notes having a denomination of at least 
€100,000, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date as follows:    
N
ni
X
Interest  
of
Rate


Where: 
“Benchmark Rate Level1” means the rate determined on the Interest 
Observation Date in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with 
variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate LevelA” means the rate determined on a Range Accrual Day 
in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in 
the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate LevelB” means the rate determined on a Range Accrual Day 
in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in 
the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate LevelC” means the rate determined on a Range Accrual Day 
in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in 
the Final Terms;
“Fixed Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 73 ---
A44530876 
72
“Interest Observation Date” means the date falling such number of Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms immediately preceding the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and each such date shall be an 
Observation Date; 
“Interest Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from and including the date falling such number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms immediately preceding the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period to and including the date falling such number 
of Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms immediately preceding 
the last day of that Interest Accrual Period;
“Lower Limit” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
percentage or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Margin” means the percentage or number specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“N” means the Interest Observation Period;
“ni” means the number of Range Accrual Days where the Underlying Rate is 
within the Range during the relevant Interest Observation Period;
“Range” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, any one (only) of 
Range1, Range2, Range3, Range4, Range5 as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
“Range Accrual Day” means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period, 
each date specified as a Range Accrual Day in the relevant Final Terms, which 
may be each date falling every one (1), seven (7), 30, 60, 90, 180 or 365 days 
after the first date specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other date(s) (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) falling within such Interest Observation 
Period, and each such date shall be deemed to be an Observation Date;
“Range1” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day, the Underlying Rate 
is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the Upper 
Limit;
“Range2” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day, the Underlying Rate 
is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit;
“Range3” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day, the Underlying Rate 
is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit;
“Range4” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day, the Underlying Rate 
is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the Upper Limit;
“Range5” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day, the Underlying Rate 
is less than the Lower Limit or greater than the Upper Limit;
 “Spread Rate” means a percentage equal to Benchmark Rate LevelB minus 
Benchmark Rate LevelC; 
“Underlying Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
Benchmark Rate LevelA or the Spread Rate specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 74 ---
A44530876 
73
“Upper Limit” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
percentage or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“X” means (a) a Fixed Percentage or (b) a Benchmark Rate Level1 plus a 
Margin or (c) a Benchmark Rate Level1 minus a Margin, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(L)
Steepener Formula: When the Steepener Formula is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, for an issue of Notes having a denomination of at least €100,000, 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Rate of Interest = Leverage x [Min (Benchmark Rate 1; Barrier 1) – Max (Benchmark Rate 2; Barrier 2) + 
Margin] 
Where: 
“Barrier 1” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the Benchmark 
Rate determined on the Interest Observation Date in accordance with Condition 
6(l) (Benchmark Rate) or the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Barrier 2” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the Benchmark 
Rate determined on the Interest Observation Date in accordance with Condition 
6(l) (Benchmark Rate) or the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Benchmark Rate 1” means the rate determined on the Interest Observation 
Date in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out 
in the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate 2” means the rate determined on the Interest Observation 
Date in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out 
in the Final Terms;
“Interest Observation Date” means the date falling such number of Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms immediately preceding the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and each such date shall be an 
Observation Date; 
“Leverage” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
or number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or negative value or may be equal to one (1);
“Margin” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or 
number for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative 
value or may be equal to zero (0). 
(d)
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Notes for which Change of Interest Basis is specified to be Applicable 
– Fixed/Floating Rate (“Fixed/Floating Rate Notes”) will bear interest at a rate: 
(i)
if Issuer Change of Interest Basis is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
equal to (A) if the Issuer sends a notice such number of Business Days as specified in the

--- Page 75 ---
A44530876 
74
relevant Final Terms prior the Switch Date in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the 
Pre Switch Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling prior to the Switch Date and 
equal to the Post Switch Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the 
Switch Date, or (B) if the Issuer does not send a valid notice in accordance with this 
Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes), equal to the Pre Switch Rate; or
(ii)
if Automatic Change of Interest Basis is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, (A) equal to the Pre Switch Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling prior 
to (and excluding) the Switch Date and (B) equal to the Post Switch Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after the Switch Date. 
Where: 
“Pre Switch Rate” means the Rate of Interest determined (i) in accordance with Condition 5(b) 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note, or (ii) in accordance with 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Formula Linked Notes), 
as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note or (iii) only in the case of Notes having a denomination 
of at least €100,000, in accordance with Condition 5(c)(v)(J) (Product of Spread Formula) as though 
the Note was a Formula Linked Note linked to a Product of Spread Formula, as specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Post Switch Rate” means the Rate of Interest determined (i) in accordance with Condition 5(b)
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note, or (ii) in accordance with 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Formula Linked Notes), 
as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note or (iii) only in the case of Notes having a denomination 
of at least €100,000, in accordance with Condition 5(c)(v)(J) (Product of Spread Formula) as though 
the Note was a Formula Linked Note linked to a Product of Spread Formula, as specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
“Switch Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e)
Zero Coupon Notes: No amount of interest will accrue or become payable on a Note where the 
Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon (a “Zero Coupon Note”), provided that: (i) 
as from the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(g)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes)); and (ii) in relation to a 
Resettable Zero Coupon Note (A) interest will accrue and become payable subject to Condition 5(f) 
(Resettable Zero Coupon Notes) and (B) the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such Note 
shall bear a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Default Rate (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms).
(f)
Resettable Zero Coupon Notes: When “Resettable” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms for an issue of Zero Coupon Notes having a denomination of at least €100,000 (“Resettable 
Zero Coupon Notes”), if the Issuer delivers a valid Reset Notice prior to the Reset Expiry Date, with 
effect from the relevant Reset Date, each Zero Coupon Note will be reset on such Reset Date as 
follows: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall pay on such Reset Date to the holder of each such Note an amount of interest 
equal to the relevant Reset Interest Amount;
(ii)  
the Final Redemption Amount will be modified as set out in Condition 6(c) (Final 
Redemption of Resettable Zero Coupon Notes).

--- Page 76 ---
A44530876 
75
Where:
“Maximum Number of Reset Dates” means, with respect to a Note, the maximum number of dates 
that may be validly designated by the Issuer as Reset Dates pursuant to Reset Notices, as specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reset Date” means each date falling such number of years after the Issue Date, as specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to a Maximum Number of Reset Dates;
“Reset Expiry Date” means, with respect to a Reset Date, the date falling such number of Business 
Days falling immediately preceding such Reset Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reset Interest Amount” means, with respect to each Note, an amount equal to: 
ܰ݋݈݉݅݊ܽ × [(1 + ܺ%)(ேି௡) −1]
Where: 
“N” means the year in which the Reset Date is validly designated by the Issuer pursuant to a 
Reset Notice. For instance, if the relevant Reset Date falls three years after the Issue Date, N=3;
“n” means the year in which a Reset Date has been last validly designated by the Issuer pursuant 
to a Reset Notice. For instance, (i) if the Reset Date has never been validly designated by the 
Issuer, n=0 and (ii) if the Reset Date has been validly designated twice by the Issuer, on the 
dates falling one and two years after the Issue Date, n=2;
“Nominal” means the outstanding nominal amount of the Note;
“X%” means the fixed rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reset Notice” means an irrevocable written notice given by the Issuer to the holders of the Notes 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) designating the next following Reset Date as the date on 
which the Notes will be reset in accordance with this Condition 5(f) (Resettable Zero Coupon Notes). 
(g)
Zero Coupon/ Fixed Rate Notes: Notes for which Change of Interest Basis is specified to be 
Applicable – Zero Coupon/Fixed Rate in the relevant Final Terms for an issue of Notes having a 
denomination of at least €100,000 (“Zero Coupon/ Fixed Rate Notes”), such Notes will be Zero 
Coupon Notes, subject to the delivery of a valid Switch Notice by the Issuer. If the Issuer delivers a 
valid Switch Notice on or prior to the Switch Expiry Date: 
(i) 
on the relevant Switch Date, the Issuer shall pay to the holder of each Note an amount of 
interest equal to the Switch Interest Amount; and
(ii) 
from and including the relevant Switch Date, each Note will cease to be a Zero Coupon 
Note and will bear interest at the Post Switch Rate. 
Where: 
“Post Switch Rate” means the Rate of Interest determined in accordance with Condition 5(b) 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), as though it were a Fixed Rate Note and as specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;
“Switch Date” means each date falling such number of years after the Issue Date as is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 77 ---
A44530876 
76
“Switch Expiry Date” means, with respect to a Switch Date, the date falling such number of 
Business Days falling immediately preceding such Switch Date, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
“Switch Interest Amount” means, with respect to each Note, an amount equal to: 
ܰ݋݈݉݅݊ܽ × [(1 + ܺ%)ே−1]
Where: 
“N” means the year in which the Switch Date is validly designated by the Issuer pursuant to a 
Switch Notice. For instance, if the relevant Switch Date falls three years after the Issue Date, 
N=3;
“Nominal” means the outstanding nominal amount of the Note;
“X%” means the fixed rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Switch Notice” means an irrevocable written notice given by the Issuer to the holders of the Notes 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) designating the next following Switch Date as the date on 
which the Notes, inter alia, will, in accordance with this Condition 5(g) (Zero Coupon/ Fixed Rate 
Notes), start to bear interest as though they were Fixed Rate Notes. 
(h)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue or in the case of Zero Coupon Notes (other than a Resettable Zero Coupon Note), 
shall accrue (in each case, before as well as after judgment) at the Rate of Interest or as the Default 
Rate (as the case may be) in the manner provided in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) 
to the Relevant Date.
(i)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest/Final Redemption Amount/Optional 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i)
In relation to Floating Rate Notes only, if any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an 
adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute 
value of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Final Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Final 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, the Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms may be:
(x)  
a Fixed Percentage as specified in the relevant Final Terms provided that, in respect 
of any Minimum Rate of Interest, unless a higher Fixed Percentage is specified in 
such Final Terms, the Fixed Percentage shall be equal to zero; or
(y)  
a Variable Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms provided that, in respect of 
any Minimum Rate of Interest, such Variable Rate shall be equal to zero,

--- Page 78 ---
A44530876 
77
where:  
“Benchmark Rate Level” means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Fixed Percentage” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Margin” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or number for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period as specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to zero 
(0). 
“Variable Rate” means a rate determined in accordance with the following fomula:  
Variable Rate = Benchmark Rate Level + Margin 
The Maximum or Minimum Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount 
will be the amount(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up). For these purposes “unit” means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(j)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note 
by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period in the 
relevant Final Terms, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such 
period shall equal such Interest Amount). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of 
the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that 
the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(k)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable 
on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the holders of Notes, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to 
make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted on a 
Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such

--- Page 79 ---
A44530876 
78
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii) (Business Day Convention), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties.
(l)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation 
or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may 
not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market 
so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices).
For the purpose of these Conditions, “outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all 
the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, 
(b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable 
after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised 
form and in administered registered dematerialised form, to the relevant Account Holder on behalf of 
the holder of Notes, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered dematerialised form, 
to the account of the holder of Notes and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent 
and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Bearer Materialised Notes, 
and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims 
have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these 
Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Materialised 
Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Bearer Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the 
purpose only of determining how many such Bearer Materialised Notes are outstanding and without 
prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Bearer Materialised Notes alleged to have been 
lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Bearer Materialised Notes have been 
issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for 
one or more definitive Bearer Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
(m)
Rate Switch and Rate Lock-In Options: 
(i) 
If Issuer Rate Switch Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall have the right to deliver a Rate Switch Notice such number of Business Days as is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the Switch Date. If the Rate Switch Notice is 
validly delivered, on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the Switch Date,

--- Page 80 ---
A44530876 
79
the Rate of Interest in respect of all Notes (and not some only) for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period will be the Post Switch Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent (the 
“Issuer Rate Switch”).  
A Rate Switch Notice (a) may only be validly delivered once during the life of the Notes 
and (b) may be validly delivered after the occurrence of a Rate Lock-In.  
Where: 
“Post Switch Rate” means (i) the Rate of Interest determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note or 
(ii) the Rate of Interest determined in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Formula Linked Notes), as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note, in each case as specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Rate Lock-In” has the meaning set out in Condition 5(m)(ii);
“Rate Switch Notice” means an irrevocable written notice given by the Issuer to the holders 
of the Notes in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) informing such holders of the Issuer 
Rate Switch; and 
“Switch Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If Rate Lock-In is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, on any Interest 
Observation Date, a Rate Lock-In occurs, from and including the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period and every 
Interest Accrual Period falling thereafter will be determined by the Calculation Agent as (a) 
Benchmark Rate LevelA plus a Margin or (b) Benchmark Rate LevelA minus a Margin, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
A Rate Lock-In (I) may only occur once during the life of the Notes and (II) may not occur 
once an Issuer Rate Switch has occurred. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practical following the occurrence of a Rate Lock-
In, deliver a Rate Lock-In Notice. 
Where: 
“Barrier” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate LevelA” means the rate determined on the Interest Observation Date in 
accordance with Condition 6(l) (Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Observation Date” means each date falling such number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms immediately preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and each such date shall be deemed to be an Observation Date; 
“Margin” means the percentage or number specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Rate Lock-In” means the first Interest Observation Date on which the Rate of Interest is 
equal to or greater than the Barrier; and 
“Rate Lock-In Notice” means a written notice given by the Issuer to the holders of the 
Notes in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) informing such holders of the occurrence 
of a Rate Lock-In.

--- Page 81 ---
A44530876 
80
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a)
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended pursuant to any option provided by the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the paragraph below, each Note (other than an Inflation Linked Note for which Inflation Linked Note 
– Inflation Redemption is applicable) shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(a) (Final Redemption), “Final Redemption Amount” means: 
(i) 
if ‘Redemption at par’ is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Note;
(ii) if ‘Variable Zero Coupon Redemption’ is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Variable Zero Coupon 
Redemption);
(iii) in relation to Resettable Zero Coupon Notes, the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(c) (Final Redemption of Resettable Zero Coupon Notes), 
subject in any case, to any maximum or minimum specified in the relevant Final Terms as provided 
in Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest/Final Redemption Amount/Optional 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding). 
An extended final maturity date (the “Extended Maturity Date”) may be specified in the Final 
Terms of a Series of Notes (the “Extendible Notes”). If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in 
the Final Terms of any Series of Notes and the Final Redemption Amount is not paid by the Issuer 
on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, such payment of unpaid amount will be 
automatically deferred and shall be due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date, provided that 
the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. Interest from 
(and excluding) the Maturity Date and up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will accrue on any unpaid principal amount during such 
extended period and be payable on each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date 
(if not earlier redeemed on an Interest Payment Date) in accordance with these Conditions and the 
Final Terms of such Series of Extendible Notes. 
(b)
Variable Zero Coupon Redemption: When Variable Zero Coupon Redemption is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for an issue of Notes having a denomination of at least €100,000, as the manner 
in which the Final Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount is to be determined, the 
Final Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount = Reference Price x {Π n = 1 to N (1 
+ Raten)} x nominal amount of the Notes 
where: 
“Π” means the multiplication of each of the values which follow in brackets;
“Benchmark Rate Level1” means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the Final Terms;

--- Page 82 ---
A44530876 
81
“Benchmark Rate Level2” means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate Level3” means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate Level4” means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Benchmark Rate) with variables set out in the Final Terms;
“Cap” means the Fixed Cap or Floating Cap, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, which 
designates the maximum rate which can apply to the relevant calculation;
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Redemption Calculation Period, the percentage for the relevant 
Redemption Calculation Period as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Fixed Floor” means, with respect to a Redemption Calculation Period, the percentage for the 
relevant Redemption Calculation Period as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Fixed Percentage1” means, with respect to a Redemption Calculation Period, the percentage for 
the relevant Redemption Calculation Period as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Fixed Percentage2” means, with respect to a Redemption Calculation Period, the percentage for 
the relevant Redemption Calculation Period as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Floating Cap” means the rate determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Floating Cap =Benchmark Rate Level3 + Margin2
“Floating Floor” means the rate determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Floating Floor =Benchmark Rate Level4 + Margin3
“Floating Redemption Percentage” means, subject to any Cap or Floor, the rate determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Floating Redemption Percentage =Benchmark Rate Level1 + Margin1
“Floor” means the Fixed Floor or Floating Floor, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, which 
designates the minimum rate which can apply to the relevant calculation;
“Margin1” means, with respect to a Redemption Calculation Period, the percentage or number for 
the relevant Redemption Calculation Period as specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to zero (0). 
“Margin2” means, with respect to a Redemption Calculation Period, the percentage or number for 
the relevant Redemption Calculation Period as specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to zero (0). 
“Margin3” means, with respect to a Redemption Calculation Period, the percentage or number for 
the relevant Redemption Calculation Period as specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or may be equal to zero (0). 
“N” means the number of Redemption Calculation Periods from the Reference Date to the Maturity 
Date, the Extended Maturity Date or the Optional Redemption Date, as the case may be;
“Optional Redemption Date” means each date (if any) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 83 ---
A44530876 
82
“Raten” means, with respect to a Redemption Calculation Period, the Fixed Percentage1, Floating 
Redemption Percentage or Reverse Floater Redemption Percentage for the relevant Redemption 
Calculation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Redemption Calculation Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, and 
each such date shall be deemed to be an ‘Observation Date’ for the purposes of Condition 6(l) 
(Benchmark Rate);
“Redemption Calculation Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Reference 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Redemption Calculation Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) a Redemption Calculation Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Redemption Calculation Date, provided that for the purposes of determining the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the last Redemption Calculation Date shall be the date falling such number of 
Business Days (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Optional Redemption Date;
“Reference Date” means the Issue Date or such other date falling prior to the Issue Date and 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Price” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reverse Floater Redemption Percentage” means, subject to any Cap or Floor, the rate determined 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Reverse Floater Redemption Percentage = Fixed Percentage2 - Benchmark Rate Level2
(c)
Final Redemption of Resettable Zero Coupon Notes: In respect of each Resettable Zero Coupon 
Note, the Final Redemption Amount will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if no Reset Date has been validly designated by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Resettable 
Zero Coupon Notes), 
ܨ݈ܴ݅݊ܽ݁݀݁݉݌ݐ݅݋݊ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ= ܰ݋݈݉݅݊ܽ × ൣ(1 + ܺ%)ெ−1൧
Where: 
“M” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and corresponding to the 
number of years from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if 
any). For instance, if the Maturity Date falls 10 years after the Issue Date, M=10;
“Nominal” means the outstanding nominal amount of the Note;
“X%” means the fixed rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) if one or more Reset Dates have been validly designated by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
5(f) (Resettable Zero Coupon Notes), 

RIA
1]
-
X%)
[(1
M



Nominal
Amount
Redemption
Final
Where: 
“M” means the number of years from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date (or the Extended 
Maturity Date, if any). For instance, if the Maturity Date falls 10 years after the Issue Date, 
M=10;
“Nominal” means the outstanding nominal amount of the Note;

--- Page 84 ---
A44530876 
83
 “RIA” means the aggregate Reset Interest Amounts paid by the Issuer prior to the Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any);
“X%” means the fixed rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(c), Reset Date has the meaning set out in Condition 5(f) 
(Resettable Zero Coupon Notes). 
(d)
Final Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If Inflation Linked Notes is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will (i) if Inflation 
Linked Notes – Redemption at par is applicable, be calculated in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) 
(Final Redemption), or (ii) if Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation Redemption is applicable, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed 
at par. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(d) (Final Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) only, “IIR” 
means the ratio determined on the date falling such number of Business Days (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) before the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) between (i) 
if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) (Consumer Price Index (CPI)) on the Maturity Date (or 
the Extended Maturity Date, if any) and the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) (Harmonised Index of Consumer 
Prices (HICP)) on the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) and the Base Reference 
on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (a “Call Option”), the Issuer may, on giving not less than five (5) nor more 
than 30 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) to the holders of Notes 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so 
provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall 
be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. 
For the purposes of Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options), “Optional Redemption 
Amount” means: 
(i) 
if ‘Redemption at par’ is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Note;
(ii) if ‘Zero Coupon Redemption’ is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(g)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes), 
(iii) if ‘Variable Zero Coupon Redemption’ is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Variable Zero Coupon 
Redemption),  
(iv) if ‘Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation Redemption’ is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Optional Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(g)(ii) (Inflation 
Linked Notes),

--- Page 85 ---
A44530876 
84
subject in any case, to any maximum or minimum specified in the relevant Final Terms as provided 
in Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest/Final Redemption Amount/Optional 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised 
Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed which shall 
have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
stock exchange requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the 
option of the Issuer, by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are 
admitted to trading. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to that Stock 
Exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption 
of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation in the city where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, which in the case of 
Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Materialised Notes, drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Call Option shall not apply in relation to Resettable Zero Coupon 
Notes. 
(f)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If Put Option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms (a “Put Option”), the Issuer shall, at the option of any 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (the “Notice Period”) 
redeem all or, if so provided in the Put Option Notice, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at their Optional Redemption Amounts (as defined in Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit with the Paris Paying Agent at its specified office, 
and whichever of Euroclear, Clearstream, or, in the case of Notes held trough Euroclear France, the 
relevant Account Holder who holds the Notes in respect of which the Put Option is being exercised, 
with a copy to the Fiscal Agent, a duly completed option exercise notice (“Put Option Notice”) in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the Notice Period. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, the Put Option Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall 
transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the 
Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris as specified in the Put Option Notice. 
No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Put Option shall not apply in relation to Resettable Zero Coupon Notes.

--- Page 86 ---
A44530876 
85
(g)
Optional Redemption:  
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A)
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note 
(other than a Resettable Zero Coupon Note and a Zero Coupon Note in respect of 
which Variable Zero Coupon Redemption is specified to apply in the relevant Final 
Terms) shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of 
such Note. 
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the “Amortised Nominal 
Amount” of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) discounted 
back to the due date for payment at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C)
If the Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note is not paid 
when due, the Optional Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
reference therein to the “due date for payment” was replaced by a reference to the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) 
until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date 
(or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), in which case the amount due and payable 
shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
(or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) together with any interest that may accrue 
in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii)
Inflation Linked Notes:  
(A)
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(g)(ii) (Inflation Linked Notes) 
shall apply in respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Optional Redemption Amount 
of such Notes in respect of such Notes, as the case may be, will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
“Optional Redemption Amount” = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
For the purpose of this Condition only, “IIR” means the ratio determined on the 
fifth Business Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) (Consumer Price Index 
(CPI)) on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(B) (Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP))) on the date set for 
redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 87 ---
A44530876 
86
If the Optional Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the 
Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(B)
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(g)(ii) (Inflation Linked 
Notes) applies) fall to be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date 
(or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), the Issuer will pay the Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued 
interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, 
and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may 
be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption 
of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv) 
(Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes) above except that, for such purposes the 
relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
(h)
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons: If French law should require that payments of principal or 
interest in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or 
future taxes or duties whatsoever, such Notes may not be redeemed early. 
(i)
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded 
in the Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable French laws and regulations. 
(j)
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the 
Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all 
Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised 
Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred 
or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k)
Subscription and use as collateral: Notwithstanding this Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options), the Issuer may, pursuant to Article L.513-26 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
subscribe its own Notes for the sole purpose of pledging them as collateral for the credit operations 
of the Banque de France in accordance with the procedures and conditions laid out by it for its 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations, in instances where the Issuer is unable to meet its 
cash-flow needs with other means available to it. 
(l)
Benchmark Rate: Each Benchmark Rate Level shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified to apply in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
A44530876 
87
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Benchmark Rate Level is to be determined in respect of a Benchmark Rate on any 
Observation Date, such Benchmark Rate shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this Condition 6(l)(A) (ISDA 
Determination), “ISDA Rate” means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other 
date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the specified ISDA Rate is not available, the applicable interest rate will be determined 
according to the fallback rules of the relevant Floating Rate Options under the ISDA 
Definitions. In such circumstances, the “Fallback Observation Day” (as used under the ISDA 
Definitions) shall mean “the date which is 5 Business Days preceding the related Payment 
Date”. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under the ISDA Definitions, the Calculation 
Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in determining the fallback 
rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions require the Calculation Agent to exercise any 
such discretion, the Issuer will provide written direction to the Calculation Agent specifying 
how such discretion should be exercised, and the Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(l)(A) (ISDA Determination), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(a) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level is to be determined in respect of a 
Benchmark Rate on any date of determination, such Benchmark Rate shall, subject 
as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary in accordance with Condition 
5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest/Final Redemption 
Amount/Optional Redemption Amounts and Rounding)) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Benchmark Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one

--- Page 89 ---
A44530876 
88
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations;
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Benchmark Rate at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Benchmark Rate Level for the relevant date 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if on any Observation Date one only or none of the Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Benchmark Rate Level shall be 
the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at the Relevant Screen Page Time, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Benchmark Rate by leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Benchmark Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Benchmark Rate, at which, at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time, on the relevant date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, 
provided that, if the Benchmark Rate Level cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Benchmark Rate Level shall be 
determined as at the last preceding date of determination. 
Where: 
“Benchmark Rates” and “Benchmark Rate” means each of the rates or the rate specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Benchmark Rate Level” means, in respect of a Benchmark Rate and any date of 
determination, the rate determined for such Benchmark Rate in accordance with this 
Condition in respect of such date of determination;
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and supplemented and 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms);
“Observation Date” means each date specified as an Observation Date in the relevant Final 
Terms or otherwise deemed to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions;

--- Page 90 ---
A44530876 
89
“Reference Banks” means, (i) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four (4) major banks in the London inter-bank market; (ii) in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four (4) major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market; and (iii) in the case of a determination of any other Benchmark 
Rate, the principal office of four (4) major banks in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in each case selected by the Principal Paying Agent or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means the London inter-bank market in the case of LIBOR, 
or EURO-zone inter-bank market in the case of EURIBOR or such other inter-bank market 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Relevant Screen Page” means the screen page specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means 11:00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or 
Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or such other time specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; and
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
7
Payments and Talons 
(a)
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall 
(in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered 
dematerialised form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the 
relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the holders of Notes and, (in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered dematerialised form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency 
with a Bank designated by the relevant holder of Notes. All payments validly made to such Account 
Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.  
(b)
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject 
as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Notes 
(in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons), as the case may be, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with a Bank. 
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement

--- Page 91 ---
A44530876 
90
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders 
in respect of such payments. 
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent initially appointed by 
the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating 
to the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any holder of Note or Coupon. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions 
so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, 
(iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Paris so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris) (v), in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
in fully registered form, a Registration Agent, (vi) a Paying Agent with a specified office in a 
European Union member State other than Austria so long as Austria will be obliged to withhold or 
deduct tax pursuant to provisions of the Directive 2003/48/EC as maintained by the Council Directive 
(EU) 2015/2060 or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council 
meeting of 26 and 27 November 2000 or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in 
order to conform to, such directive, and (vii) such other agents as may be required by the rules 
applicable to any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) (Redenomination) with a 
view to consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Further Issues and Consolidation), the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be 
appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and 
such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders 
of Notes in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing

--- Page 92 ---
A44530876 
91
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription)). 
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv)
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity 
Date, if any) shall be payable on redemption of such Materialised Note against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant definitive Materialised Note. 
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(h)
Business Days for payment: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day, nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in 
the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may 
be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency 
or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i)
Bank: For the purpose of this Condition 7 (Payments and Talons), “Bank” means a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the relevant currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks 
have access to the TARGET System. 
8
Taxation 
(a)
Tax exemption: All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without

--- Page 93 ---
A44530876 
92
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
(b)
No Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal or interest and 
other assimilated revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon relating thereto, be subject to deduction 
or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not be 
required to pay any additional amounts. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer or any other person making payments on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold as required, and shall not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to any such withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note, 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (“FATCA”), any treaty, intergovernmental 
agreement, law, regulation, implementing legislation or other official guidance enacted by any 
jurisdiction implementing FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer or any other person and the 
United States or any jurisdiction implementing FATCA.
9
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or 
5 years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10
Meeting and Voting Provisions  
In this Condition 10 references to: 
“General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a single Series of Notes and 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof;
“Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of one or several Series in respect of which a General 
Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of one or several Series in respect of which a Written 
Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, respectively;
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5(n) (Interest and other Calculations); for the 
avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 10 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) the term “outstanding” shall not 
include those Notes subscribed or purchased by the Issuer pursuant to, respectively, Articles L. 513-26 and 
L. 213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier that are held by it and not cancelled;
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in paragraphs (a)(ii) or (b)(v) below passed 
(x) at a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph (a)(vi) and 
(b)(vi) below or (y) by a Written Resolution as described in paragraph (h); and 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of the Noteholders 
representing not less than 80 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. References to a Written 
Resolution include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent. 
(a)
Contractual representation of Noteholders – No Masse
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, at 
least €100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue, and if the relevant Final Terms 
specify “No Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply.

--- Page 94 ---
A44530876 
93
(i)
General
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Noteholders 
shall not be grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part through 
a representative of the noteholders (représentant de la masse) and in part through general 
meetings. However, the following provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to 
general meetings of noteholders shall apply: 
(A) 
Articles L.228-46-1, L.228-57, L.228-58, L.228-59, L.228-60, L.228-60-1, 
L.228-61 (with the exception of the first paragraph thereof), L.228-65 I (with the 
exception of sub-paragraph 4° and paragraph II), L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-68, 
L.228-69, L.228-71 (with the exception of the second sentence of the first 
paragraph and the second paragraph thereof), L.228-72, L.228-73 (with the 
exception of the third paragraph thereof), L.228-76, L.228-88, R.228-65 to 
R.228-68, R.228-70 to R.228-76, R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the French Code de 
commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders, and 
(B) 
whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants 
de la masse”, “d’une masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse 
intéressée”, “composant la masse”, “de la masse à laquelle il appartient”, “dont 
la masse est convoquée en assemblée” or “par un représentant de la masse”, 
appear in the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to general 
meetings of noteholders, they shall be deemed to be deleted, 
and subject to the following provisions: 
(ii)
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification 
of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for compromise or settlement, relating 
to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, 
however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the 
Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor decide to 
convert Notes into shares. 
Each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence of its 
own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting.
(iii)
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. 
If such General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition a competent court in Paris to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of any General Meeting relating to the date, hour, place, agenda and all other 
elements required by applicable French laws and regulations will be published as provided

--- Page 95 ---
A44530876 
94
under Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 calendar days prior to the date of such 
General Meeting on first convocation, and 5 calendar days on second convocation. 
(iv)
Arrangements for voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one 
Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such 
Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on 
the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of such General 
Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 13 (Notices). 
Any decision of the Issuer to (i) override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the 
proposals to change the objects or corporate form of the Issuer made pursuant to Article 
L.228-65 I 1° of the French Code de commerce or (ii) offer to redeem Notes on demand in 
the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 
of the French Code de commerce will be published in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 13 (Notices). 
(v)
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall elect one of them to be chairman 
(the “Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General 
Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the 
Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the 
highest number of Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman appointed by the Issuer need not 
be a Noteholder. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same as the 
Chairman of the original meeting. 
(vi)
Quorum and voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least a quarter of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken 
by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or 
represented thereat. 
(vii)
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting and a Written Resolution, shall be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case

--- Page 96 ---
A44530876 
95
of a Written Resolution, they have participated in such Written Resolution and each of 
them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(b)
Contractual Masse
In respect of Notes (a)(i) with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, 
less than €100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue and (ii) are issued outside 
France or (b) with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, at least 
€100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue, and if the relevant Final Terms 
specify "Contractual Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the 
"Masse") which will be subject to the below provisions of this Condition 10(b). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception 
of Articles L.228-65 II, L.228-71, R.228-63, R.228-69 and R.228-72, and further subject to the 
following provisions: 
(i)
Legal Personality
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through one or two 
representatives (each a “Representative”) and in part through a General Meeting. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual holders of Notes, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively 
with respect to the Notes. 
(ii)
Representative of the Masse
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, 
the following persons may not be chosen as Representatives: 
- 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (conseil d’administration), its 
statutory auditors, its employees and their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or
- 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs généraux), members of their 
Board of Directors, Executive Board or Supervisory Board, their statutory auditors, 
employees and their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or
- 
companies holding ten (10) per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer; or
- 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of 
the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity. 
The names and addresses of the initial Representatives and their alternates will be set out 
in the Final Terms. 
The remuneration of each Representative, and date(s) of payment thereof, will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of one or both 
Representatives, such Representative(s) will be replaced by one or both Representatives, 
as the case may be. In the event of the death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of 
appointment of one or both alternate Representatives, an alternate will be elected by the 
General Meeting.

--- Page 97 ---
A44530876 
96
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer 
and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii)
Powers of Representative 
The Representatives, acting jointly or separately, shall, in the absence of any decision to 
the contrary of the General Meeting and except as provided by paragraph 1 of Article 
L.513-24 of the French Code monétaire et financier, have the power to take all acts of 
management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the holders of Notes.  
All legal proceedings against the holders of Notes or initiated by them, must be brought by 
or against the Representatives; except that, should preservation, judicial reorganisation or 
liquidation (sauvegarde, redressement judiciaire or liquidation judiciaire) proceedings be 
commenced against the Issuer, the specific controller would file the proof of debt of all 
creditors (including the holders of Notes) of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège. 
The Representatives may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv)
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the 
Representatives. One or more holders of Notes, holding together at least one-thirtieth of 
the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representatives a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General 
Meeting has not been convened within two months after such demand, the holders of Notes 
may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an 
agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of any General Meeting relating to the date, hour, place, agenda and all other 
elements required by applicable French laws and regulations will be published as provided 
under Condition 13 (Notices). 
Each holder of a Note has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
correspondence, videoconference or any other means of telecommunication allowing the 
identification of the participating Noteholders. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, 
in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect 
of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount 
of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
holder of a Note to participate in a General Meeting must be evidenced by entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such holder of a Note on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the relevant General Meeting at 0.00, Paris 
time. 
(v)
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the 
Representatives and the alternate Representatives and also may act with respect to any 
other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the 
future may accrue with respect to the Notes, including authorising the Representatives to 
act at law as plaintiff or defendant.

--- Page 98 ---
A44530876 
97
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification 
of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to 
rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, 
however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) by holders of 
Notes, nor establish any unequal treatment between the holders of Notes nor decide to 
convert Notes into shares. 
(vi)
Quorum and voting
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if holders of Notes 
present or represented hold at least a quarter of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings 
shall be taken by a two-third majority of votes cast by holders of Notes attending such 
General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(c)
Full Masse
In respect of Notes (i) with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, 
less than €100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue and (ii) issued inside 
France, the relevant Final Terms will specify “Full Masse” and the Noteholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a 
masse (in each case, the “Masse”) and the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to 
the Masse shall apply subject to the below provisions of the Condition 10(c). 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of Notes will be the representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series.  
The Representative will be entitled, as the case may be, to such remuneration in connection with its 
functions or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, retirement, 
dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected 
by the General Meeting.  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of 
Notes to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant 
Account Holder of the name of such holder of Notes as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
The place where of a General Meeting shall be held will be set out in the notice convening such 
General Meeting. 
(d)
Single Masse
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the holders of Notes 
of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been assimilated with 
the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 12 (Further Issues and 
Consolidation), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series.

--- Page 99 ---
A44530876 
98
(e)
Single Noteholder 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse” and, if and for so 
long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition 10 
will not apply. Such single Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in this 
capacity, shall provide copies of such decisions to the Issuer and shall make them available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(f)
Information to Noteholders 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, (a) 
each Noteholder will have the right, during (i) the 15-day period preceding the holding of each 
General Meeting on first convocation or (ii) the 5-day period preceding the holding of such General 
Meeting on second convocation or, in the case of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent), the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of 
the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be prepared in 
connection with such resolution, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution; and 
(b) decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved and notices in respect of 
the Masse will be published in accordance with the provisions of Condition 13 (Notices). 
(g)
Expenses
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the 
Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution, the expenses incurred by the Representative of the Masse in the 
performance of its duties, if there is one, and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no 
expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(h)
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, 
pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to 
seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents 
in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article 
L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by 
way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic 
Consent”). 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, notice 
seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 5 calendar days prior to the date 
fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking 
the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution 
Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date.

--- Page 100 ---
A44530876 
99
(i)
Benchmark Discontinuation 
By subscribing to the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the 
application of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and 
approved any Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D). 
11
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and regulations of 
the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to holders of Notes, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and 
costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon 
is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall 
be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised 
Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a)
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Notes or 
Coupons create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such 
Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the 
principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to 
“Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b)
Consolidation: The Issuer may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after 
the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 days’ prior notice to the holders of Notes in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons, 
consolidate the Notes of one Series denominated in Euro with the Notes of one or more other Series 
issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, 
provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) 
and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms 
and conditions as the Notes. 
13
Notices 
(a)
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos) or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) they are published following Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Réglement Général) of the French Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) or so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in 
a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are admitted to trading is located, if the rules of such Regulated Market so require or (d)

--- Page 101 ---
A44530876 
100
so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market, 
notices may also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu). 
(b)
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) or (ii) 
at the option of the Issuer, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) or (iii) they are published following Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the General Regulations (Réglement Général) of the AMF or so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city 
where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, if the rules of 
such Regulated Market so require or (iv) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market, notices may also be published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu).
(c)
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Holders of coupons shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d)
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the 
time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13(a), 
(b) and (c) above; except that (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris in 
a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) or (b) 
following Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Réglement Général) of the AMF or 
(c) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable 
to that Regulated Market so require, notices shall be published in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is 
located, or (d) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Regulated Market, notices may also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu). 
(e)
Notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings or Written Resolutions 
pursuant to Condition 10 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) or pursuant to Article R.236-11 of the 
French Code de Commerce shall be given by publication of such notices on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.foncier.fr) and (i) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur), by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared, (ii) in respect of Dematerialised Notes 
in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which 
case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the mailing and, (iii) in respect of Materialised Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (b) above. Condition 13 (c) is also applicable to such notices, if any such publication 
under Condition 13 (b) is not practicable.

--- Page 102 ---
A44530876 
101
14
Method of Publication of the Final Terms 
The Base Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference), the supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectus, as the case may be, and the Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading and/or offered to the 
public pursuant to a non-exempt offer will be published on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-
france.org/en). Copies of these documents may be obtained from Compagnie de Financement Foncier 4, Quai 
de Bercy, 94224 Charenton, France, and, in respect of the Base Prospectus (including any document 
incorporated by reference) and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus, such documents will be available on 
the website of the Issuer (https://www.foncier.fr). 
In relation to the Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be published, 
without prejudice of any provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, upon each relevant issue, in an electronic 
form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu). 
Each time the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Notes are also admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. As a consequence, the Final Terms will be available 
in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu). 
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris and the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms relating to those Notes will provide 
whether this Base Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference), the supplement(s) to the 
Base Prospectus, as the case may be, and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) such 
Regulated Market or/and (y) the competent authority of the Member State in the EEA where such Regulated 
Market is situated. 
15
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French 
law. 
(b)
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be 
brought before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 103 ---
A44530876 
102
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates  
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with 
a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream 
or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 

if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury Regulations §1.163-(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the “C Rules”) 
or in a transaction to which the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”) 
is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes and 

otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged 
(if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global 
Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal and requirements of the Regulated Market. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Notes shall be available at 
the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents set out in the Schedules to the Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the day 
falling after the expiry of 40 days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further Materialised Notes which 
are to be assimilated with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to

--- Page 104 ---
A44530876 
103
Condition 12(a), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after the issue date of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 105 ---
A44530876 
104
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes. 
If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Sustainable development bonds include green bonds (“Green Bonds”), social bonds / human development and social 
bonds / local economic development (together, “Social Bonds”) or any other category specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in accordance with the framework of the sustainable development bond program of Groupe BPCE (as 
amended from time to time) published in the dedicated section of the BPCE’s website. 
In relation to “Green Bonds”, and as further described in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issuance 
of the Notes by the Issuer will be allocated to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible loans for green assets 
and/or projects as defined in the applicable Final Terms with reference to the relevant category of Issuer’s 
methodology note for Green Bonds (as amended from time to time) published in the dedicated section of BPCE’s 
website. It is the intention of the Issuer that the Green Bonds will contribute to one or several of the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals. The above-mentioned methodology note describes, in addition to the eligibility 
criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) 
applicable for the relevant category of Green Bonds. 
In relation to “Social Bonds”, and as further described in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issuance 
of the Notes by the Issuer will be allocated to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible loans for social assets 
and/or projects as defined in the applicable Final Terms with reference to the relevant category of Issuer’s 
methodology note for Social Bonds (as amended from time to time) published in the dedicated section of BPCE’s 
website. It is the intention of the Issuer that the Social Bonds will contribute to one or several of the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals. The above-mentioned methodology note describes, in addition to the eligibility 
criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) 
applicable for the relevant category of Social Bonds. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Final Terms of Green and/or Social Bonds will provide the relevant details 
such as references to the applicable framework and methodology note (defining inter alia the selection criteria for 
eligible assets or loans) under which such Notes are issued. The Final Terms may direct investors to the relevant 
section of the website of BPCE to provide such information.

--- Page 106 ---
A44530876 
105
SUMMARY OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS 
RELATING TO SOCIÉTÉS DE CRÉDIT FONCIER
FRENCH LAW AND COMPLIANCE WITH EUROPEAN REGULATIONS 
In 1999, the French government passed legislation on the modernization of the obligations foncières framework. 
This law provides the French financial markets with a category of bond instruments, which are competitive and 
uniform in terms of risks and liquidity, controlled by the French Credit Institutions and Investment Companies 
Committee (CECEI - Comité des Etablissements de Crédit et des Entreprises d’Investissements, now known as 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution (ACPR) and by a Specific Controller. Until then, the legislation of 
1852 on sociétés de crédit foncier allowed only Crédit Foncier de France or Crédit Foncier et Communal d’Alsace 
et de Lorraine to issue obligations foncières. Since 1999, sociétés de crédit fonciers’ business activities have been 
governed by the French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) which codified the provisions of the 
aforementioned law of 1999. 
French law is the transposition of the European UCITS and CRR texts governing covered bonds: 

sociétés de crédit foncier are credit institutions having their registered office in a Member State of the 
European Union, France. They are legally subject to specific supervision protecting the holders of those bonds 
via a Specific Controller, whose appointment is approved by the ACPR;

bondholders of obligations foncières are protected by a pool of underlying assets (whose eligibility criteria 
are defined by law) over which they have priority recourse in the event of the issuer’s default: this is the legal 
privilège granted to bondholders. 
The French legal framework also imposes additional requirements in terms of liquidity and reporting. 
SOCIÉTÉS DE CRÉDIT FONCIER 
Sociétés de crédit foncier are credit institutions whose sole purpose is defined in Article L. 513-2 of the Code: 
granting or acquiring secured loans i.e. loans that are backed by first-rank mortgages or real property collateral 
conferring at least an equivalent guarantee, or exposures to public entities, and financing them by issuing obligations 
foncières. The business activities of a société de crédit foncier are restricted by law: they are not allowed to hold 
equity interests or share portfolios. Obligations foncières, which finance eligible assets, are covered bonds that have 
a legal privilège that confers to their holders a preferential claim on cash flows deriving from the underlying assets. 
The eligibility criteria for sociétés de crédit fonciers’ assets are defined in Articles L. 513-3 to L. 513-7 of the Code. 
The following assets are eligible: 

real estate loans secured by a first-rank mortgage or equivalent guarantee (European Union – EU or European 
Economic Area – EEA) or by an eligible guarantor (the real estate loans in question cannot account for more 
than 35% of the total assets);

exposures on public entities or guarantees by public entities belonging to Member States of the EU or parties 
to the Agreement on the EEA, such as loans or off-balance sheet commitments. Eligible public entities are 
Member States, central governments, central banks, public institutions, local authorities or their associations. 
Apart from public entities located in the EU or the EEA, these exposures are eligible if the public entity has 
a top credit quality rating from an external credit rating body recognized by the ACPR in accordance with 
Article L. 511-44 of the Code (or a second-from-top rating under certain circumstances);

replacement values (limited to 15% of the face value of the privileged resources): securities, and deposits that 
are sufficiently secure and liquid (Article R. 513-6 of the Code).

--- Page 107 ---
A44530876 
106
LEGAL PRIVILEGE OF HOLDERS OF OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES  
According to Article L. 513-11 of the Code, which defines the legal privilège on cash flows from assets and the terms 
of the guarantee that it provides, the assets held by a société de crédit foncier allow the priority repayment of 
privileged debt, i.e. obligations foncières. The legal privilège is the fundamental principle of legal security for 
obligations foncières’ holders. It remains valid even if the société de crédit foncier or its parent company goes 
bankrupt or goes into receivership. It thus affords investors the maximum protection. Privileged debts are paid on 
their contractual due date, in priority to all other debts, for both their interest and principal payments, until they have 
been fully repaid, under all circumstances. The bondholders of obligations foncières are also protected by the 
following legal and regulatory frameworks: 
Overcollateralization 
The total amount of the société de crédit foncier’s assets must be higher than the amount of their liabilities benefiting 
from the privilège. Article R. 513-8 of the Code sets the minimum legal overcollateralization ratio at 105%. 
It should be noted that non-collateralized exposures in the Group may not exceed 25% of non-privileged resources. 
One of the Specific Controller’s duties is to monitor compliance with this overcollateralization rule. 
The regulatory overcollateralization ratio of Compagnie de Financement Foncier has always been above 108% since 
its establishment in 1999. 
Asset-liability matching in terms of maturity and interest rates 
Article 12 of CRBF (French Banking and Financial Regulation Committee) Regulation No. 99-10 requires that 
matching of maturity and interest rates of assets and liabilities has to be respected in sociétés de crédit foncier’s 
balance sheet management. It is subject to very close scrutiny by the Specific Controller, who instructs the executives 
and the ACPR if he or she determines that the matching of interest rates and maturity could create excessive risks for 
privileged creditors (Decree of 23 February 2011). The Decree of 26 May 2014 established a maximum duration gap 
of 18 months between assets and liabilities. 
The average maturity for assets held to maintain a cover ratio of 105% and dealt with in all transparency in the case 
of collateralized assets (such as mortgage notes or mobilizations pursuant to Article L. 211-38 of the Code), may not 
exceed the average maturity of outstanding privileged liabilities by more than 18 months. 
The Decree of 26 May 2014, also requires sociétés de crédit foncier to prepare an estimate, based on a yearly plan 
approved by the decision-making body and submitted to the ACPR, of the privileged resources’ cover ratio up to 
their maturity, considering the available eligible assets and the forecast new production based on conservative 
assumptions. 
180-day liquidity buffer 
At all times, sociétés de crédit foncier must ensure that all cash requirements are covered for a period of 180 days. 
In accordance with Article R. 513-7 of the Code, sociétés de crédit foncier must at all times cover all their cash 
requirements for the next 180 days. To do so, they may use replacement values or assets eligible for Banque de 
France intraday credit transactions. 
NON-EXTENSION OF THE PARENT’S INSOLVENCY TO ITS SOCIÉTÉ DE CRÉDIT FONCIER 
SUBSIDIARY 
Under French law, a société de crédit foncier has a specific legal framework guaranteeing that the holders of 
obligations foncières receive favorable treatment under normal management conditions and in the event of 
insolvency proceedings being initiated against its parent. The cash flows derived from société de crédit foncier’s

--- Page 108 ---
A44530876 
107
assets are, under all circumstances, used to repay privileged debt. In the event of default of its parent, the société de 
crédit foncier and the holders of obligations foncières are fully protected by virtue of this non-extension rule. 
If a French company is subject to insolvency proceedings, there will be no vacuum in authority at its level, as a legal 
receiver is appointed to ensure the continuity of management. 
As a separate legal entity, a société de crédit foncier’s subsidiary is not affected by the insolvency of its parent, the 
management of a société de crédit foncier is conducted inbonis, i.e. under normal management conditions, by its 
own managers. 
If the parent is subject to preservation or insolvency proceedings, the société de crédit foncier may terminate its 
service and receivable management contracts if it determines this course to be appropriate. The société de crédit 
foncier may therefore change its service provider at any time to ensure the continued management of its assets and 
liabilities.  
Under Article R. 513-4 of the Code, the société de crédit foncier must identify the personnel and resources needed 
to recover debts and enforce the agreements signed. Procedures for transferring all the technical resources and data 
needed to perform recovery actions must also be included in the preventive recovery plan. 
IMMUNITY OF OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES HOLDERS 
In the event of insolvency proceedings being initiated against a société de crédit foncier, holders of obligations 
foncières are entirely protected by the following procedures: 
Repayment schedule of privileged debt is maintained 
In the event of judicial liquidation, debt payment is not accelerated. The debts duly deriving from the transactions 
shall be paid on their contractual due date and repayment of debts that do not benefit from the privilège will only 
take place after repayment of obligations foncières and other privileged debts (Article L. 513-11 2° of the Code). 
All other creditors (including the French State) are not paid until all obligations foncières holders’ claims have been 
satisfied, as set out in the initial schedule. In contrast with the general law that transactions made when companies 
are in financial difficulty may be invalidated, sociétés de crédit foncier’s asset transfers made prior to a declaration 
of insolvency remain valid 
Continuity of management in case of insolvency of a société de crédit foncier
Article L. 612-34 of the Code provides that, depending on the situation, a provisional administrator, appointed by 
the ACPR, may oversee or advise managers, or be given full powers. The administrator can use the same asset-
liability management (ALM) tools that are usually available to a société de crédit foncier, such as: 

disposals of assets;

assigning assets;

issuing new obligations foncières;

issuing non-privileged liabilities. 
A société de crédit foncier continues its business according to the same rules, under all circumstances. 
Thus, a société de crédit foncier carries out its business under normal management conditions because the provisional 
administrator has the same duties as the managers had previously. All activities are carried on to ensure the Company 
is well managed, and all privileged debts are repaid in compliance with existing commitments. 
In the event of insolvency of a société de crédit foncier, the Specific Controller, as set out in Article L. 513-24 of the 
Code, must file claim statements with the court-appointed administrator on behalf of privileged creditors.

--- Page 109 ---
A44530876 
108
The Specific Controller continues to inform and notify the ACPR, just as he or she must do when the société de crédit 
foncier is operating normally. 
Affiliation to a central body 
French cooperative banking groups have a central body and some of their subsidiaries may use a specific guarantee 
scheme: the affiliation scheme (Articles L. 512-106 to L. 512-108 of the Code), a system that requires the central 
body to guarantee the liquidity and solvency of the affiliates. 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier benefits from affiliation with BPCE SA, Groupe BPCE’s central body; holders 
of its obligations foncières enjoy an additional layer of security.

--- Page 110 ---
A44530876 
109
DESCRIPTION OF COMPAGNIE DE FINANCEMENT FONCIER 
I) 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
History and development of the Issuer 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier is a credit institution authorised as a financial company and a société de crédit 
foncier by a decision of the French Credit Institutions and Investment Companies Committee (CECEI - Comité des 
Etablissements de Crédit et des Entreprises d’Investissements, now known as Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution) on 23 July 1999. Consequently, it is governed by the general body of legislative and regulatory provisions 
applicable to credit institutions and, as a société de crédit foncier (“SCF”), by the specific provisions of Section IV 
of the second part of French law no. 99-532 of 25 June 1999 governing savings and financial security, which has 
been incorporated into Articles L.515-13 to L.515-33 (which, with the entry into force of ordinance 2013-544 dated 
27 June 2013, were replaced by Articles L.513-2 to L.513-27) of the Code. 
It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit Foncier de France (A/A1/A+/AA-)3 and affiliate of BPCE (A+)/A1/A+) 
(the “central body” of Groupe BPCE, which, with 14 Banques Populaires and 15 Caisses d'Epargne, constitutes the 
No. 2 banking group in France, funding more than 20% of the French economy4 ). Compagnie de Financement 
Foncier refinances Groupe BPCE entities’ lending under extremely favorable terms, in particular public sector and 
equivalent financing. It also continues to refinance outstanding loans initially originated by Crédit Foncier de France. 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier is firmly committed to serving Groupe BPCE and has set itself the task of raising 
resources on the markets at particularly competitive levels, through the issuance of AAA rated covered bonds5. The 
constant research for high-quality assets and the optimization of the balance sheet structure contribute to successfully 
fulfilling this mission. 
The registered office of the Issuer is located at 19, rue des Capucines, 75001 Paris, France and is registered with the 
Trade and Companies Registry of Paris under reference number 421 263 047 RCS Paris. 
The Issuer was incorporated on 22 December 1998 for a period of 99 years. 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Compagnie de Financement Foncier. 
Investments 
Pursuant to Article L.513-2 of the Code, the Issuer is prohibited from owning shares in other companies. 
II) 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal activities 
As a SCF, the objects of Compagnie de Financement Foncier are to grant or acquire secured loans which are financed 
by the issue of obligations foncières, or by raising funds benefiting or not from the privilege created by Article L.513-
11 of the Code (the “Privilège”).  
More specifically, the purpose of the Compagnie de Financement Foncier (Article 2 of the by-laws), in the context 
of the laws and regulations applicable to SCF, is to: 
3 
Standard & Poor’s/Moody’s/Fitch Ratings/Scope, updated as of the 2020 Universal registration document’s filing date. 
4 
 Market shares: 22% of market share for customer savings and 21.5% for customer credits (source: Banque de France Q3 2020 all non-
financial customer categories). 
5 
Standard & Poor’s/Moody’s/Fitch Ratings/Scope updated as of the 2020 Universal registration document’s filing date.

--- Page 111 ---
A44530876 
110
1. performing all transactions mentioned in Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the Code without restrictions in terms of the 
countries in which it operates other than those resulting from said Articles. 
These transactions include, in particular: 
- 
granting or acquiring secured loans, exposures to public authorities and investments and securities as defined 
in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-5 and L.513-7 of the Code; 
- 
financing these types of loans, exposures, investments and securities by issuing covered bonds known as 
obligations foncières benefiting from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the Code and by raising 
other resources whose issuance or subscription agreement mentions this Privilège. 
The Compagnie de Financement Foncier may also finance the activities mentioned above by issuing bonds or 
resources that do not benefit from the Privilège. It may issue the promissory notes referred to in Articles L.313-42 to 
L.313-49-1 of the Code. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions or stipulations to the contrary, the Company may carry out temporary transfers 
of its securities in accordance with Articles L.211-22 to L.211-34 of the Code, pledge securities accounts pursuant to 
Article L.211-20 of said Code and assign all or some of the receivables that it holds in accordance with Articles 
L.211-36 to L.211-40 or in accordance with Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35, whether or not these receivables are 
professional. The receivables or securities thus assigned or transferred do not fall within the scope of the “privilège” 
defined in Article L.513-11 of the Code and are not booked pursuant to Article L.513-12 of said Code. 
As an exception to Articles 1300 of the French Code civil and L.228-44 and L.228-74 of the French Code de 
commerce, the Company may subscribe for its own obligations foncières solely for the purpose of using them as 
collateral for refinancing facilities of the Banque de France under the conditions set forth in Article L.513-26 of the 
Code. 
The Company cannot hold equity investments. 
In addition, pursuant to Article R.513-7 of the Code, the Company, as a SCF, must ensure at all times cover all their 
cash requirements for the next 180 days. To do so, they may use replacement values or assets eligible for Banque de 
France intraday credit transactions. 
2. concluding with any credit institution or financial company, all agreements necessary for: 
-
servicing and recovering loans, exposures and securities; 
-
managing bonds and other resources;  
-
more generally, providing all services necessary to manage Company assets, liabilities and financial 
balances; 
-
as well as all agreements concerning the distribution and refinancing of loans. 
3. acquiring and holding all property and equipment necessary to fulfil its purpose or arising from the recovery of 
its loans and contracting with any authorized third party any agreement related to the acquisition, ownership, 
management, maintenance and disposal of such assets. 
4. concluding, with any insurance company, any agreement that serves the corporate purpose, notably to cover 
risks related to borrowers, risks in respect of both assets securing the loans and assets held by the Company, and 
the liability risks of the Company or its corporate officers. 
5. in connection with its own activity or on behalf of other companies, providing customers with and managing 
payment processes, in particular: 
-
for the payment of funds or the receipt of all cash flows arising from loan activities;

--- Page 112 ---
A44530876 
111
-
for maintenance of any financial relationship or account with any other credit institution, financial 
institution or public entity; 
-
for the management of technical accounts in respect of expenses and receipts. 
6. participating in any system for interbank settlements, settlement-delivery of securities and all clearing system, 
as well as in any transaction within the framework of the monetary policy of the European Central Bank, that 
contributes to the development of the Company’s activities. 
7. more generally: 
-
carrying out all operations contributing to the fulfilment of its corporate purpose, as long as such 
transaction complies with the purpose of SCF as defined in the legislation and regulations that regulate 
their activity; 
-
concluding any agreement that allows the Company to use essential outsourcing services and related 
controls. 
III) 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Since the merger of holding companies previously owned by the Banques Populaires (BP Participations) and Caisses 
d’Epargne (CE Participations) on 5 August 2010 within the Central body (BPCE), Crédit Foncier de France’s is 
wholly owned by Groupe BPCE, the second banking group in France (22% of market share for customer savings 
and 21.5% for customer credits (source: Banque de France Q3-2020 – all non-financial customer categories)). 
The following diagram illustrates the position of the Compagnie de Financement Foncier within the Groupe BPCE 
as at 23 March 2021: 

Focus on the positioning of Compagnie de Financement Foncier

--- Page 113 ---
A44530876 
112
IV) 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Share capital 
As at 31 December 2020, the share capital of the Issuer, which is not listed on any exchange, consisted of 158,591,246 
fully paid ordinary shares of EUR16 nominal value each (for a total capital of EUR2,537,459,936). Nearly all of the 
share capital of the Company is held by Crédit Foncier de France.   
Memorandum and articles of association 
Please refer to section “Business overview - Principal activities” above. 
V) 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Please refer to section “Relationship between Compagnie de Financement Foncier and Crédit Foncier de France” 
below. 
VI) 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND DECLARATIONS OF 
ANY INTEREST
I. SPECIFIC CONTROLLER’S CERTIFICATION ON THE VALUATION METHODS AND RESULTS 
AND PERIODIC REVIEW METHODS OF THE REAL ESTATE ASSET AT 31 DECEMBER 2020 
To the Board of Directors of Compagnie de Financement Foncier, 
In our capacity as the Specific Controller of Compagnie de Financement Foncier, and pursuant to the Article 5 of 
regulation No. 99-10 of the French Banking and Financial Services Regulatory Committee, we assessed the validity, 
in accordance with regulations in force, of the methods used to value the real estate assets underlying the loans and

--- Page 114 ---
A44530876 
113
their results, and of the methods for periodically reviewing their value, as published together with the financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and appended hereto. 
The valuation methods and their results for real estate assets and the methods for periodically reviewing their value 
have been defined and implemented under the responsibility of your company's management.  
Our responsibility is to assess the validity of this procedure in terms of its compliance with regulations in force as of 
31 December 2020. 
We performed the procedures that we deemed necessary in accordance with the professional standards applicable in 
France to such engagements. Our work consisted in checking the compliance of: 

valuation procedures, methods and results, as well as periodic review methods, in their design and application 
with regulations in force as at 31 December 2020;

the information published together with the annual financial statements with, on one hand, the system for the 
valuation and periodic review implemented, and on the other hand, with the results arising from the 
implementation of the valuation system. 
These verifications were carried out mainly on the basis of the elements and information available as of 31 December 
2020 in an evolving context of the health crisis linked to Covid-19. 
The work we have done calls for the following comments and observations: 

the property valuation methods and results and the methods for periodically reviewing their value, published 
simultaneously with the annual financial statements as of 31 December 2020, generally comply with 
Articles 2 to 4 of CRBF Regulation 99-10;

It should be noted, however, that based on the tests carried out by ourselves and internal controls carried out 
by Crédit Foncier de France on behalf of Compagnie de Financement Foncier, the operational 
implementation in 2020 of the periodic review procedure of the value of pledges seems perfectible concerning 
the exhaustive application of the statistical methods used. Nevertheless, this observation does not affect the 
cautiousness of the valuation of pledges made in 2020.
Paris, 23 March 2021 
The Specific Controller 
CAILLIAU DEDOUIT et Associés  
Laurent BRUN 
__________________________

--- Page 115 ---
A44530876 
114
II. PROCEDURE FOR THE VALUATION AND PERIODIC REVIEW OF THE ASSETS UNDERLYING 
THE LOANS FOR 2020
I - Valuation method applied to the assets underlying loans 
General asset valuation principles  
The procedure described below has been determined pursuant to Articles 1 and 2 of CRBF regulation No. 99-10, as 
amended by regulation No. 2001-02 and No. 2002-02 and by decrees of 7 May 2007 and 23 February 2011 transposing 
European directive 2006/48/EC of 26 May 2014 and 3 November 2014 law into French law. 
Real estate financed by eligible loans or posted as collateral for these loans is subject to cautions appraisal. 
The valuation is performed taking into account the long-term sustainable aspects of the property, the normal and 
local market conditions, the current use and alternative appropriate uses of the property. 
Derogation rule used by Compagnie de Financement Foncier 
For loans originated between 1 January 2003 and 31 December 2006, in accordance with the provisions of CRBF 
regulation No. 99-10 and a decision by the Chairman of Crédit Foncier de France’s Executive Board dated 
28 July 2003, a cost of the transaction without discount is understood to be an estimated value of the asset for all 
transactions with individuals involving residential property where a transaction cost is less than €350,000.  
Following the changes to CRBF regulation No. 99-10, this principle was extended to include: 

for the period between 7 May 2007 and 23 February 2011, all residential property transactions with individuals 
where a transaction cost is less than €450,000 or where an outstanding principal amount on the acquired loan 
or a total amount authorised is less than €360,000;

beginning on 24 February 2011, all residential property transactions with individuals where a transaction cost 
is less than €600,000 or where an outstanding principal amount on the acquired loan or a total amount 
authorised is less than €480,000. 
Above these thresholds, the appraised value is considered as the value of the property. 
The initial cost of the transaction does not include notary fees or any agency fees when they are the responsibility of 
the purchaser. 
Summary 
The above-mentioned rules, applied since 24 February 2011, are summarised in the following table: 
Property types 
Cost of transaction is less than 
€600,000 or acquired loan less 
than €480,000 
Cost of transaction greater than 
or equal to €600,000 and 
acquired loan greater than or 
equal to €480,000  
Residential Property for private 
individuals 
Transaction cost 
Appraisal
Residential Property for 
Professionals 
Appraisal
Appraisal 
Property for professional use (1)
Appraisal 
Appraisal 
(1)
Property for professional use means all properties other than residential and multiple-use properties where the value allocated to the 
residential part is less than 75% of the total value of the property.

--- Page 116 ---
A44530876 
115
An appraisal is made of all collateral underlying authorised loans (i.e signed by the parties) during the year, regardless 
of whether or not they are implemented. 
Other collateral (securing loans authorised before 30 November 2019 and already valued or re-valued) is subject to 
a periodic review of its value as presented hereafter (see Sections II, III and IV). 
II – Methods used for periodic review of residential assets for individuals and professionals
The methods described below apply to all loans granted or mobilized to Compagnie de Financement Foncier.  
Two methods are used: a statistical method, sub-divided into two variants depending on the customer segment and 
property type, and an expert appraisal method: 
A – Statistical method 
Two variant statistical methods are used for periodic reviews of value of collateral/guarantees applicable to 
residential properties depending on the valuation engine used: 

A1 Crédit Foncier statistical method unchanged from previous years and implemented in the 
valuation engine in the Crédit Foncier de France’s IT system. These valuations are based on value 
change indices derived from prices provided by BPCE Solutions immobilières appraisers: 

for individual residential properties, 

annually. 

A2 BPCE statistical method, using an engine installed on the group's IT system. This permits 
valuation, using indices based on property prices  

for professional residential properties,  

semi-annually. 
In the special case of collateral located in the Netherlands and Belgium, country-specific indices are used 
(Stadim for Belgium and the PBK indices, produced by the Dutch real estate registry, for the Netherlands). 
A1 – Crédit Foncier periodic statistical review method 
i)
Principles  
The model is based on the preparation of indices. The indices obtained are the changes observed from one year to 
the next in market values, clarifying that, in accordance with the relevant legislation, an appraisal is carried out, in 
compliance with the law, on the basis of a prudent assessment (which is then revalued by applying the indices). 
The indices reflect four distinct geographical categories: 
(i)
the 114 urban areas created by postal code grouping approved by the INSEE (French National Institute 
for Statistics and Economic Studies). They are defined as being urban areas with more than 50,000 
inhabitants. The list of these urban areas and their composition changes as the urban fabric and real estate 
markets evolve;
(ii)
outside these areas, the “non-urban” real estate market is divided into administrative regions that date 
from before the 1 January 2016 reforms (20 regions, not including Corsica and region Île-de-France);
(iii)
Île-de-France, excluding the city of Paris, is valued separately using specific indices for each of its seven 
departments;
(iv)
Paris is also valued separately using a specific index.

--- Page 117 ---
A44530876 
116
The indices for each of these four categories (urban, non-urban, region Île-de-France and Paris), are grouped 
according to postal codes, and broken down as follows: 

Urban areas: 114 Apartment indices / 114 House indices; 

Non-urban area: 20 House indices; 

Île-de-France (excluding Paris): 7 Apartment indices / 7 House indices; 

Paris: 1 Apartment index. 
When the apartment/home distinction is not available for a particular item of collateral, the lower of the two indices 
for the corresponding postal code is used. 
When the collateral is in Corsica or in the Dom-Toms (French overseas departments and territories) or its location is 
not known in the postal code table, the annual trend indices used for the corresponding type of housing are: 

for apartments: the average of the apartment indices for urban areas;

for houses: the lower of the two averages for houses in urban areas and for regions. 
ii)
Revaluation cycle management 
Real estate value indices are updated annually. New indices are established each November based on the period 
ending on 30 September. 
The revaluation cycle is thus managed on a one year rolling period from 30 September of year “n-1” to 30 September 
of year “n”. 
The pledges are revalued on an annual basis using the indices established in November. The processing of 
revaluations is recognized in the May and November accounts to revalue the pledges that have not been reviewed 
for over one year. 
iii)
Sources 
These indices are based on an ad hoc survey and on expert appraiser estimates carried out each year by the BPCE 
Solutions Immobilières’s Research department with the network of regional real estate appraisers, quarterly gross 
statistical real estate information available in its database. 
A2 – BPCE statistical review method 
i)
Principles 
The statistical review method used by BPCE applies to residential real estate assets granted to professionals and 
depends on the property's location. 
It is based on average property prices in each department, and Paris district, supplied by BPCE Solutions Immobilières 
appraisers. 
B – Appraiser estimate revaluation method 
This category, in application of Basel II provisions (Article 208 of European Regulation no. 575/2013 of European 
Parliament and Council dated 26 June 2013), concerns residential real estate posted as collateral for a debt of over €3 
million. 
Each property in this category is individually revalued every three years by means of appraisal. The appraiser determines 
a mortgage value based on a thorough analysis of the type of asset and its specific aspects and on a prudent, forward-
looking view of the market.

--- Page 118 ---
A44530876 
117
In each of the two years between each 3-year appraisal, the property is revalued using a statistical method: 

method A.1 for Individual customers;

method A.2 for Professional customers (“Corporates”). 
III - Methods used for periodic review of real estate for professional use (non-residential) 
In accordance with CRBF regulation 99-10, the following revaluation method is used for properties for professional 
use: 
B – Appraiser estimate revaluation method 
This category concerns property for professional use (non-residential) for which the debt has been assigned or 
mobilized to Compagnie de Financement Foncier. 
Each property in this category is individually revalued every year by means of appraisal. The appraiser determines a 
cautious mortgage value based on a thorough analysis of the type of asset and its specific aspects and on a prudent, 
forward-looking view of the market. 
IV - Summary table of methods 
Type of asset 
Individuals 
Corporates 
Loan less than 
€3m 
Loan more than €3m 
Loan less than €3m 
Loan more than €3m 
Residential 
Method A.1 
annually 
Individual appraisal 
(method B) every 3 
years and method A.1 
in the interim 
Method A.2 
annually 
Individual appraisal 
(method B) every 3 
years and method A.2 
in the interim 
Non-residential 
Individual appraisal (method B)  
annually 
Individual appraisal (method B)  
annually

--- Page 119 ---
A44530876 
118
STRINGENT RISK MANAGEMENT RULES AND COMMITMENTS TO THE MARKET  
A.  Overcollateralization 
Overcollateralization, defined by law (Article L.513-12 of the Code), requires that the total sum of weighted asset of 
société de crédit foncier (in accordance with the regulations set by CRBF1) is always at least 105% of the total 
amount of liabilities benefiting from the legal privilege. One of the Specific Controller’s duties is to monitor 
compliance with this regulatory overcollateralization rule. 
With €3.2 billion in capital, €2.1 billion in subordinated debt and €6.0 billion in unsecured debt, Compagnie de 
Financement Foncier’s overcollateralization is well above the legal minimum ratio of 105%, and is 113.5% at 
31 December 2020. 
Since the creation of Compagnie de Financement Foncier in 1999, this regulatory ratio has always been above 108%.  
Overcollateralization ratio since 1999 
Maintaining a high overcollateralization ratio specific to Compagnie de Financement Foncier 
In addition to the safety provided by the institutional framework and to ensure the best ratings from the major ratings 
agencies, Compagnie de Financement Foncier has initiated additional management measures. 
These measures result in compliance with a specific collateralisation ratio for each rating agency based on its 
methodology. 
In particular, since 2009, it set up measures to maintain at all times a volume of non-privileged liabilities at least 
equal to 5% of the liabilities that benefit from the legal privilege.  
The holders of obligations foncières who benefit from the Privilège are also protected by the relative weight of non-
privileged resource holders, since these are not repaid in priority. 
Continuous monitoring of overcollateralization levels 
To ensure that compliance with the overcollateralization requirements is maintained at all times, it is monitored on 
an on-going basis. 
1 
Regulation No. 99-10 of 9 July 1999 concerning sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l’habitat, as amended by regulations 
No. 2001-02 of 26 June 2001 and 2002-02 of 15 July 2002, and by orders of 7 May 2007 and 23 February 2011

--- Page 120 ---
A44530876 
119
In addition to the compliance of the regulatory ratio, if Compagnie de Financement Foncier observes on a quaterly 
basis, one of the above thresholds, all asset purchases are immediately suspended and non-privileged resources are 
used to increase overcollateralization above the minimum required amount. 
B. Financed LTV for residential mortgage loans 
Principle of financed LTV for residential mortgage loans 
The Loan-to-Value ratio on residential mortgage loans is the ratio of the outstanding principal over the value of the 
underlying real estate asset. The present value of the asset is revalued annually to monitor compliance with this ratio. 
To guarantee a minimum quality level for cover pool assets, the CRBF caps the maximum percentages that can be 
refinanced by issues of covered bonds. The regulatory annual valuation of assets, as required by the regulation, is 
based on a prudent assessment of the property’s long-term characteristics, local market conditions, the current use of 
the property and other possible uses. All of this information is provided by BPCE Solutions Immobilières, a BPCE 
subsidiary, Veritas-certified, of which experts are either certified by a court and/or qualified as Chartered Surveyors 
(MRICS2).  
The Specific Controller monitors these appraisals each year to verify compliance with the real-estate market 
parameters used in the valuation process, as described in the Risk Management report section of the Universal 
Registration Document 2020. 
C.  Credit risk 
Asset purchasing criteria by category 
Although regulations require that a société de crédit foncier invest only in high quality assets, Compagnie de 
Financement Foncier sets up additional asset purchasing criteria for each asset category, so as to limit its exposure 
to credit risk. Compagnie de Financement Foncier selects the assets that it wishes to acquire based on their rating, 
probability of default, score at origination, expected loss and any hedging of assets, as well as yield curves. The 
assets that meet Compagnie de Financement Foncier’s criteria are then purchased at a price determined by the 
previous study. 
Furthermore, Compagnie de Financement Foncier replacement values have very good external credit ratings. The 
minimum acceptable credit rating for each asset (except for assets guaranteed by collateral to a Crédit Foncier 
company) depends on the investment horizon and must meet the minimum rating criteria of each of the three major 
rating agencies, as shown below: 
Standard & Poor’s 
Moody’s 
From 0 to 59 days 
ST: A1 
ST: P1 
From 60 days to 6 months 
ST: A1+ 
ST: P1 and LT: Aa3 
Over 6 months 
LT: AAA 
LT: Aaa 
Scope Ratings applies no predefined minimum rating. The analysis is done on a case to case basis 
2 
MRICS: Member accredited by the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS). The RICS is a professional organization whose mission 
is to regulate and promote the real estate profession.

--- Page 121 ---
A44530876 
120
Limiting market counterparty risk 
Crédit Foncier group’s risk policy specifies per market counterparty risk limits and Compagnie de Financement 
Foncier observes these limits in its decision process. 
For its hedging transactions Compagnie de Financement Foncier executes a framework convention with each of its 
counterparties, with asymmetrical collateralization and other specific terms set forth in an appendix to this agreement. 
Each counterparty agrees to pay Compagnie de Financement Foncier on a daily basis (or on a weekly basis for some 
of them) depending on the counterparty’s rating a security deposit equal to its net debt position, without reciprocity 
from Compagnie de Financement Foncier. 
D. Managing balance sheet risks 
Managing interest rate risk 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier has set itself the task of maintaining the level of its interest rate mismatches or 
gaps within the limits defined by the time horizon and of correcting any overruns by the end of the following quarter, 
at the latest: 
Horizon
Limits expressed as a % of the past balance sheet (start of period) 
Less than 2 years  
2% 
2 - 4 years 
3% 
4 - 8 years 
5% 
Threshold of 8 - 15 years 
5% 
Liquidity risk hedging 
In accordance with legislative constraints requiring that sociétés de crédit foncier ensure that, at all times, all 
of their cash flows are hedged for a period of 180 days, Compagnie de Financement Foncier has adopted a 
specific process to monitor its 180-liquidity. This guarantees that it always maintains enough liquidity to honour 
its privileged liability commitments  for at least 180 days. 
The quality of its eligible securities and receivables enables Compagnie de Financement Foncier to have an 
immediate access to significant amounts of funding from central banks, such as the ECB. 
Accordingly, Compagnie de Financement Foncier can mobilize its cash, replacement values or eligible assets 
for the Banque de France’s intra-day credit transactions in order to ensure in the next 180 days, the contractual 
repayments of its privileged debt.  
In accordance with regulatory provisions, Compagnie de Financement Foncier limits the difference between 
the average duration of its total assets and its privileged liabilities to 18 months. At 31 December 2020 the total 
assets average duration was 6.3 years and the privileged liabilities average duration was 6.9 years. In addition, 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier has committed to limiting the difference between the average duration of 
its total assets and its total liabilities to 24 months.

--- Page 122 ---
A44530876 
121
No foreign exchange risk 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier prohibits any open foreign exchange positions. As such, all asset purchases or 
refinancing transactions that are not denominated in euros are systematically hedged against foreign exchange risk. 
In practice, Compagnie de Financement Foncier limits its residual foreign exchange positions to €3 million by 
currency with a €5 million cap for all currencies.

--- Page 123 ---
A44530876 
122
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN COMPAGNIE DE FINANCEMENT FONCIER AND 
CRÉDIT FONCIER DE FRANCE 
As stipulated by law, Compagnie de Financement Foncier draws on the technical and human resources of its parent 
company under agreements binding the two companies; these agreements, which are regulated as defined by Article 
L.225-38 of the French Code de commerce, cover all of the Company’s activities.  
The general principles applied in preparing these agreements are described below.  
The texts are drafted taking into account the special nature of the relationship between Crédit Foncier de France and 
its subsidiary Compagnie de Financement Foncier.  
Sixteen agreements are signed by and between Crédit Foncier de France and Compagnie de Financement Foncier 
as of 31 December 2020, namely: 
- 
a framework agreement, setting forth the general principles;
- 
an agreement for loan assignments;
- 
an agreement for loan servicing and recovery;
- 
an agreement governing financial services;
- 
an asset/liability management (ALM) agreement;
- 
an administrative and accounting management agreement;
- 
a service agreement on internal control and compliance;
- 
an agreement related to the implementation of information technology services;
- 
an agreement concerning human resources;
- 
an agreement concerning remuneration for services;
- 
an agreement related to settlement bank services;
- 
a guarantee agreement for adjustable-rate loans;
- 
a guarantee and compensation agreement; 
- 
a paying agent agreement;
- 
an agreement related to shareholder’s advance account effective as of 15 September 2015, the date the account 
was established;
- 
an agreement on the assignment of mortgage ranking/priority;
- 
a tripartite agreement between Crédit Foncier, Compagnie de Financement Foncier and the State: a State-
aided loan management and recovery agreement. 
Apart from its corporate officers, Compagnie de Financement Foncier does not have any direct employees. 
Information on group Crédit Foncier, to which Compagnie de Financement Foncier belongs 
From its creation in 1852 and until 1999, Crédit Foncier de France has held the special status as a société de crédit 
foncier and as such, issued obligations foncières.

--- Page 124 ---
A44530876 
123
Acting as a key player in the specialized real estate financing market and responsible for distributing French state 
subsidized loans, following the real estate crisis in the 1990’s and the abolition of subsidised loans, in 1999 Crédit 
Foncier de France joined the Private sector after its 90% acquisition by the Groupe Caisse d’Epargne. 
In the legal context governing this acquisition, the Parliament created a specific new status for sociétés de crédit 
foncier. Compagnie de Financement Foncier was then founded and authorised as a société de crédit foncier by the 
Comité des Etablissements de Crédit et des Entreprises d’Investissements (“CECEI”). Crédit Foncier de France 
transferred all its property commitments and pledged assets to Compagnie de Financement Foncier pursuant to 
Article 110 of law 99-532 from 25 June 1999. 
After having been affiliated with the Groupe Caisse d’Epargne between 1999 and 2009, Crédit Foncier de France 
became affiliated in 2009 to Groupe BPCE, which resulted from the merger of Caisses d’Epargne and Banques 
Populaire networks. Since 5 August 2010, Crédit Foncier de France is fully owned by the Central institution of 
BPCE. 
Since 1 April 2019, as part of the implementation of the new industrial structure announced by Groupe BPCE on 26 
June 2018, Crédit Foncier de France has been refocusing its efforts on the management of outstanding loans and on 
refinancing certain Groupe BPCE assets, through Compagnie de Financement Foncier. 
Key events of Crédit Foncier group 
Key features of the year 2019: 
Acquisitions and disposals 
During 2019, Compagnie de Financement Foncier acquired €2.4 billion in loans from Crédit Foncier including 
related receivables, plus €0.2 billion in financing commitments. Under Article L.211-38 of the Code, which allows 
an institution to grant a loan to another financial institution, the repayment of which is secured by a cover pool of 
receivables, Compagnie de Financement Foncier has arranged for a number of years several credit lines with its 
parent company, Crédit Foncier, amounting to €15.7 billion at 31 December 2019, and with certain Caisses d’Épargne 
or Banque Populaire banks, amounting to €153.7 million. The same facility was also granted to BPCE SA, in the 
amount of €6.6 billion at 31 December 2019 excluding related receivables. Total loans granted were collateralized 
for €22.4 billion. 
Early repayments 
The rate of early repayments remained stable in 2019. The rate of early repayment at end-2019 was 8.5% compared 
with 8.3% at end-2018. 
The impact of these early repayments on net banking income mainly resulted in: 

the impact of accelerated amortization of acquisition premiums/discounts, for an estimated at -€35 million 
over the fiscal year; 

the collection of prepayment penalties from individual customers of €40.9 million; as a reminder, according 
to the agreement on services rendered by Crédit Foncier, one third of these penalties is transferred to the latter 
(expense recognized under operating expenses). 
Funding and cash management 
In parallel, Compagnie de Financement Foncier issued €3 billion in obligations foncières, €750 million of which in 
private placements. 
All issuances in 2019 were denominated in euros. The high levels of oversubscription of public issues reflect the 
diversity and the vitality of Compagnie de Financement Foncier’s investor base. Their placement shows strong 
interest from German and Austrian investors as well as British, French and those from the Benelux, the Nordic 
countries and Asia.

--- Page 125 ---
A44530876 
124
The year also saw two public euro issuances benchmark for a total of €2.2 billion: 

€1.25 billion for 8 years in April;

€1 billion for 8 years in September. 
Key features of the year 2020:  
Acquisitions and disposals  
During 2020, Compagnie de Financement Foncier acquired €1.3 billion in loans from Crédit Foncier including 
related receivables, plus €24 million in financing commitments.  
Article L. 211-38 of the Code specifies the possibility for an institution to grant a loan to another financial institution, 
a loan whose repayment is secured by the creation of a guarantee on a group of receivables. Compagnie de 
Financement Foncier as such carried loans with its parent company, Crédit Foncier de France, in the total amount of 
€16.4 billion at 31 December 2020. The same facility was also granted to BPCE SA, in the amount of €6.6 billion at 
31 December 2020, excluding related receivables. Total loans granted were collateralized for €22.2 billion. 
Furthermore, as part of its business of funding eligible assets originated by the Groupe BPCE institutions, Compagnie 
de Financement Foncier refinanced receivables in the Public sector in the amount of €1.8 billion. Regarding the 
International public sector portfolio, some Japanese exposures were disposed of, and this helped reduce the risk of 
concentration on certain issuers.  
Early repayments  
The overall rate of early repayments and renegotiations of loans to individuals stood at 10.9%. The asset outflows 
linked to early repayments amounted to €2.4 billion for the fiscal year.  
Early repayments had several effects on net banking income:  
 the impact of accelerated amortization of acquisition premiums/discounts is estimated at -€2.9 million over the 
fiscal year; 
 the collection of prepayment penalties from individual customers of €32.8 million; as a reminder, according to the 
agreement on services rendered by Crédit Foncier de France, one third of these penalties is transferred to the latter 
(expense recognized under operating expenses).  
In 2020, the rate of early repayments on Corporate accounts was 0.5%, down compared with 2019 at 1.3%. Funding 
and cash management  
In parallel, Compagnie de Financement Foncier issued slightly over €3 billion in obligations foncières, €275 million 
of which in private placements. 
All issuances in 2020 were denominated in euros. The high levels of oversubscription of public issues reflect the 
diversity and the vitality of Compagnie de Financement Foncier’s investor base. Their placement shows strong 
interest from German and Austrian investors, as well as British, French, and those from the Benelux, the Nordic 
countries and Asia.  
The year also saw three public euro issuances benchmark for a total of €2.75 billion:  
€1 billion for four years in April; 
€1.25 billion for 10 years in September; 
 €0.5 billion for 15 years in October.

--- Page 126 ---
A44530876 
125
Specialised subsidiary within a large group  
Compagnie de Financement Foncier is a credit institution authorised as a financial company and a société de crédit 
foncier. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit Foncier de France (A/A1/A+/AA-)3 , and affiliate of BPCE 
(A+/A1/A+) (the “central body” of Groupe BPCE, which, with 14 Banques Populaires and 15 Caisses d'Epargne, 
constitutes the 2nd largest banking group in France4). As part of the new groupe Crédit Foncier structure set up on 
1 April 2019, Crédit Foncier de France is focusing its efforts on the management of outstanding loans that will 
continue to be refinanced by Compagnie de Financement Foncier. In addition, Compagnie de Financement Foncier’s 
mission is to refinance Groupe BPCE entities’ lending, notably to the Public sector and similar, via the issue of 
obligations foncières. 
3
Standard & Poor’s/Moody’s/Fitch/Scope Ratings updated as of the Universal registration document 2020’s filing date.  
4 
Market shares: 22% of market share for customer savings and 21.5% for customer credits (source: Banque de France Q3-2020 – all non-financial customer 
categories).

--- Page 127 ---
A44530876 
126
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Indebtedness 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier has issued between 1 January 2021 and 31 May 2021 Obligations Foncières
for an amount of Euro 1,800,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies, measured in accordance with French 
GAAP. 
Financial information as at 31 March 2021 and as at 31 March 2020  
The following quarterly financial information is un-audited and has not been reviewed. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the financial information as at 31 March 2021 and as at 31 March 20205 is reproduced 
in its entirety in the table below. 
In thousands of euros 
Assets 
31 March 2021 
31 March 2020 
Cash due from central banks and post office accounts  
2,504,000 
1,546,000 
Treasury notes and similar securities  
3,208,073 
3,244,774 
Due from banks  
23,021,320 
22,968,423 
Customers loans  
34,696,725 
36,620,376 
Bonds and other fixed income securities  
3,191,002 
3,551,835 
Shares and other variable income securities 
0 
0 
Other long term securities  
0 
0 
Equity in subsidiary companies 
Intangible fixed assets 
Tangible fixed assets 
Equity 
Other assets  
81,749 
109,919 
Prepayments deferred charges and accrued income 
1,524,576 
1,736,472 
Total Assets 
68,227,446
69,777,800 
5
Free translation of the French BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) published on 12 May 2021 and on 29 May 2020, 
respectively under number 2101654 and number 2002072. 1 
Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products 
or if a KID will be prepared, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 11(vi) of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail 
investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 11(vi) of Part B below.

--- Page 128 ---
A44530876 
127
In thousands of euros 
Liabilities and Equity 
31 March 2021 
31 March 2020 
Cash due to central banks and post office accounts  
Due to banks  
5,928,789 
4,146,650 
Customer deposits  
0 
0 
Debt securities  
56,716,611 
59,219,270 
Other liabilities 
831,059 
1,080,506 
Accruals and deferred income (*)  
1,596,354 
2,101,824 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
561 
11,343 
Subordinated debt 
Fund for general banking risks 
20,000 
20,000 
Equity other than fund for general banking risks 
3,134,072 
3,198,207 
Subscribed capital stock 
2,537,460 
2,537,460 
Share premiums 
343,002 
343,002 
Reserves 
132,117 
126,553 
Revaluation variation 
Regulated provisions and investment subsidies 
Retained earnings 
74,352 
79,914 
Net income for the year 
47,141 
111,278 
Total Liabilities and Equity 
68,227,446
69,777,800 
(*)  
Of which un-audited net income for the first quarterly borrowing 2021 of €13,698 thousand 
Of which un-audited net income for the first quarterly borrowing 2020 of €31,208 thousand 
(**) On 31 March 2021, unaudited net income according to French accounting standards is a gain of 
€13,698 thousand

--- Page 129 ---
A44530876 
128
In thousands of euros
Off-Balance Sheet 
31 March 2021 
31 March 2020 
Commitments given: 
Financing commitments  ...................................................... 
- Commitments in favour of banks
0 
0 
- Commitments in favour of customers 
1,107,744 
1,074,385 
Guarantee commitments  ...................................................... 
- Commitments from banks 
- Commitments from customers 
Securities commitments  ....................................................... 
- Other commitments given
0 
0 
Commitments given for Insurance activities  ....................... 
Commitments received: 
Financing commitments  ...................................................... 
- Commitments received from banks ................................... 
2,693,042 
2,694,330 
Guarantee commitments  ...................................................... 
- Commitments received from banks ................................... 
5,459,928 
5,798,273 
Securities commitments  ....................................................... 
- Other commitments received ............................................. 
0 
0 
Commitments received from Insurance activities  ................

--- Page 130 ---
A44530876 
129
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 15 June 2021 
(the “Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved 
the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be sold 
by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also 
provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in 
respect of an issue of Notes having a Specified Denomination of less than Euro 100,000 will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the
Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make 
to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
EEA 
(i) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
(ii) 
Non-Exempt Offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in a member state of the EEA (each, a “Relevant State”) except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in that Relevant State:

--- Page 131 ---
A44530876 
130
(a)
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Non-Exempt Offer”), following the 
date of publication of a Base Prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such Base Prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Base Prospectus or Final Terms, 
as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer;
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 France 
(i) 
In case of Dematerialised Notes, please refer to “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” selling 
restriction above.  
(ii) 
In the case of Materialised Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France and it has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and include Materialised Notes 
having a maturity of more than one year that are subject to U.S tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes, delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, 
sell or deliver the Notes except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code”) and U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of any identifiable Tranche of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
The relevant Final Terms or Supplement to the Prospectus will specify whether U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-
(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) (the “C Rules”) or U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code) (the “D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the issuance of a Tranche of the Notes unless such 
Tranche of the Notes is issued in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute registration required obligations 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the applicable terms of such Notes as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 132 ---
A44530876 
131
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a)  the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)  the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Each Dealer has further represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, (a) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer;
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
The Notes may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offer of securities to the public, as defined in Article 3 §1 
of the Belgian Law of 16 June 2006 on public offerings of investment instruments and the admission of investment 
instruments to trading on regulated markets, as amended (the “Belgian Prospectus Law”), save in those 
circumstances set out in Article 3 §2-4 of the Belgian Prospectus Law. 
The offering is exclusively conducted under applicable private placement exemptions and therefore it has not been 
and will not be notified to, and the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes has not been and will not be approved by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority 
(“Autorité des services et marchés financiers / Autoriteit voor financiële diensten en markten”) (the “FSMA”).

--- Page 133 ---
A44530876 
132
Accordingly, the offering may not be advertised and each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes and that 
it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents, directly or indirectly, to any individual or legal entity in Belgium other than:  
(i) 
qualified investors, as defined in Article 10 of the Belgian Prospectus Law;
(ii) 
investors required to invest a minimum of €100,000 (per investor and per transaction);
and in any other circumstances set out in Article 3 §§2-4 of the Belgian Prospectus Law. 
This Base Prospectus has been issued only for the personal use of the above investors and exclusively for the purpose 
of the offering of Notes. Accordingly, the information contained herein may not be used for any other purpose nor 
disclosed to any other person in Belgium. 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, Notes issued under this Programme will 
not be offered to, or placed with Belgian consumers. 
For these purposes, a “Belgian Consumer” has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit 
économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium acting for purposes which are outside his/her 
trade, business or profession.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers 
has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or 
to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor 
will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (“SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 134 ---
A44530876 
133
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust 
has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, 
unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory of 
Canada and may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident thereof in contravention of the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not and will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or 
for the benefit of residents of Canada, in contravention of the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. 
Each Dealer has also agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree not to 
distribute this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in Canada except in compliance 
with the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof.

--- Page 135 ---
A44530876 
134
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a Supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the public of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France.

--- Page 136 ---
A44530876 
135
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN EURO 100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO 
TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET 
(OTHER THAN A REGULATED MARKET, OR SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A 
REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE 
ACCESS) AND/OR OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS IN THE 
EEA OR IN THE UK
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s 
policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are

--- Page 137 ---
A44530876 
136
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] 
OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s 
policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 138 ---
A44530876 
137
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures Act (Capital Market Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).]3
1 
Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or if a KID will be prepared, in which case, insert “Not 
Applicable” in paragraph 11(vi) of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to 
prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 11(vi) 
of Part B below. 
2 
 Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or if a KID will be prepared, in which case, insert “Not 
Applicable” in paragraph 11(vii) of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to 
prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise made available to UK retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 11(vii) 
of Part B below. 
3 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 139 ---
A44530876 
138
Final Terms dated [•]
[LOGO, if document is printed]
COMPAGNIE DE FINANCEMENT FONCIER 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): DKGVVH5FKILG8R13CO13 
Euro 125,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•]
[Brief Description and Amount of Obligations Foncières] 
Issued by: COMPAGNIE DE FINANCEMENT FONCIER (the “Issuer”) 
Issue Price: [•] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Manager(s)] 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [(i) in those Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 11(vii) of Part B below, provided such person is [an Authorised Offeror] in that 
paragraph and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein or (ii) otherwise] in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 
of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in any other circumstances 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 15 June 2021 which received approval number 21-226 from the Autorité des marchés financiers
(the “AMF”) on 15 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval 
number [•] from the AMF on [•] (the “Supplement[s]”] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus 
[and the Supplement(s)] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org/en)

--- Page 140 ---
A44530876 
139
and on the website of the Issuer (https://www.foncier.fr) and copies may be obtained from Compagnie de 
Financement Foncier, 4, Quai de Bercy, 94224 Charenton Cedex, France. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus and/or an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
which are the [●] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2021. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 15 June 2021 which received approval number 21-226 from the AMF on 15 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) 
to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval number [•] from the AMF on [•] (the “Supplement[s]”)], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all 
the relevant information, including the [●] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s]] [is][are] available for viewing at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and, if 
relevant, on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org/en), and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.foncier.fr) and copies may be obtained from Compagnie de Financement Foncier 4, Quai de Bercy, 
94224 Charenton Cedex, France. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]
1.
Issuer: 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier 
2.
(i)
Series Number: 
[•]
(ii)
Tranche Number: 
[•]
(iii)
Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer 
on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the 
Issue Date of this Tranche.]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(i) 
Series: 
[•]
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[•]]
5.
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date],(if applicable)]

--- Page 141 ---
A44530876 
140
6.
Specified Denominations: 
[•] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes)4
7.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•]
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] [If applicable, refer to paragraph 9 
below for the Extended Maturity Date]
9.
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]/Not Applicable.] 
10.
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[•] month [specify particular reference rate or 
EURIBOR/LIBOR/EONIA/CMS Rate/TEC10] +/- 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[Inflation Linked Note – Fixed Interest/Inflation 
Interest]
[(further particulars specified below)]
11.
Redemption Basis: 
[Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
– 
[Redemption 
at 
par/Inflation Redemption]][Subject to any purchase 
and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date [or the Extended 
Maturity Date] at [•] per cent. of their nominal 
amount / pursuant to Condition 6(d) (for Inflation 
Linked Notes, as the case may be)] 
12.
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable - Fixed/Floating Rate ] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[(Further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
“Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions”)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13.
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call]
[(further particulars specified below)]
4 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 142 ---
A44530876 
141
14.
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Final 
Redemption Amounts and/or Optional Redemption 
Amounts: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)  
Fixed Percentage: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii)  
Variable Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)
(iii)  
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(iv)  
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)
-
Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
-
ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
-
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
-
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(v)  
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)
-
Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
-
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
-
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(vi)  
Margin: 
[•] 
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)  
Fixed Percentage: 
[•]/[0 per cent. per annum]5
(ii)  
Variable Rate: 
[Applicable, provided that the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall not be less than zero/Not Applicable] (If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(iii)  
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
5 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 143 ---
A44530876 
142
(iv)  
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)
-
Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
-
ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
-
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
-
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(v)  
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)
-
Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
-
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
-
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(vi)  
Margin: 
[•] 
Maximum Final Redemption Amount:
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
Minimum Final Redemption Amount:
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
Maximum Optional Redemption Amount:
[•]/[Not Applicable]
Minimum Optional Redemption Amount:
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
15.
(i) 
Status of the Notes:  
[Obligations Foncières]
(ii) 
Dates of the corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
Decision of the Conseil d’administration of 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier dated [•] 
authorising the issue of the Notes and authorising, 
inter alios, its Président Directeur Général and its 
Directeur Général Délégué to sign and execute all 
documents in relation to the issue of Notes, and 
decision of the Conseil d’administration of the Issuer 
dated [•] authorising the quarterly programme of 
borrowings which benefit from the privilège referred 
to in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier up to and including Euro [•] billion for the 
[•] quarter of 20[•]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
16.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Applicable for the purposes of the 
interest on the Inflation Linked Note/Applicable as 
the Pre Switch Rate/Applicable as the Post Switch 
Rate/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 144 ---
A44530876 
143
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum with respect to each Interest 
Accrual Period][The Rates of Interest set out in the 
following 
table][payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear[:]
Relevant Interest Accrual 
Period:
Rate of Interest:
[•]
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)
[•]
(Specify relevant Rate of 
Interest corresponding to 
the 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period)
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”]/not adjusted] (Note that this item relates to 
interest period end dates and not to the date and place 
of payment, to which item 28 relates)
(iii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[•] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[•] per [•] in nominal amount 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling in/on 
[•]
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(vii) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
17.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Applicable 
as 
the 
Pre 
Switch 
Rate/Applicable as the Post Switch Rate/Not 
Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•]

--- Page 145 ---
A44530876 
144
(iv) 
Interest Period Date:
[•] (not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)]. (Note that this item 
relates to interest period end dates and not to the date 
and place of payment, to which item 28 relates) 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•]
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination]
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•]
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[•]
-
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/EONIA/CMS Rate/TEC10]
-
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•]
-
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•]
-
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Except 
the 
Following 
Month 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention].]
-
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]
-
[Relevant Currency: 
[•]] 
-
[Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]] 
-
[Designated Maturity: 
[•]] 
-
[Specified Time: 
[•]] 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[•]]
-
Floating Rate: 
[•]
-
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[•]
-
FBF Definitions: (if different from those 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•]

--- Page 146 ---
A44530876 
145
(xi) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)):  

Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 

Designated Maturity: 
[•] 

Reset Date: 
[•] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum/[0 per cent. per annum]6
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable] / [•] per cent. per annum 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – 
FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(xvi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
18.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(g)):  
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(iii) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
19.
Inflation Linked Note Interest Provisions 
[Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
– 
Fixed 
Interest 
Applicable/Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation Interest 
6 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 147 ---
A44530876 
146
Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[(If Inflation Linked Notes – Fixed Interest is 
Applicable add the following) (see item [16] of these 
Final Terms for details as to the Rate of Interest 
applicable)] 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP]
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•]
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•]
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(v) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[•] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(vi) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(vii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [•]) 
(viii) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•]
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum/[0 per cent. per annum]7
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum  
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(xii) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or short 
first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
20.
Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
7 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 148 ---
A44530876 
147
(iii) 
Pre Switch Rate: 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note/Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in line item [•] of these 
Final Terms
(iv) 
Post Switch Rate: 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note/Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in line item [•] of these 
Final Terms
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[•] 
(vi)  
Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer: 
[•] Business Days prior to the Switch Date
21.
Rate Switch and Rate Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Issuer Rate Switch Option: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a) Post Switch Rate: 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note/Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in line item [•] of these 
Final Terms. 
(b) Switch Date: 
[•]
(c) Minimum notice period required for Rate 
Switch Notice from the Issuer: 
[•] Business Days prior to the Switch Date. 
(ii) 
Rate Lock-In: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a) Barrier: 
[•] 
(b) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
LevelA is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(c) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
-
Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
-
ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
-
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
-
Specified Currency: 
[•]

--- Page 149 ---
A44530876 
148
(d) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
-
Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
-
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
-
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(e) Margin: 
[•] 
(f) Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the interest due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
(g) Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(h) Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(i)
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(j)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – 
FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22.
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[Redemption at par][Zero Coupon Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation Redemption] (The 
method of calculation of such amount(s) is 
determined in Condition 6(e))
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a)  Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed: 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed: 
[•] 
[•]
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•]
23.
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 150 ---
A44530876 
149
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[Redemption at par][Zero Coupon Redemption]
[Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation Redemption] (The 
method of calculation of such amount(s) is 
determined in Condition 6(f))
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[•] 
24.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[•]] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination (for 
fungible issues of Notes only)][Redemption at par]
[Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
– 
Redemption 
at 
par][Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation Redemption 
(see line item [•] for more details)]
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to the 
Final Redemption Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Determination date of IIR: 
[•] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date [or the 
Extended Maturity Date] 
(ii) 
Index:
[CPI/HICP] 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes:
[Condition 6(d) applies] 
(iv) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [•])
(v) 
Inflation Index Ratio (IIR): 
[•] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
25.
Optional Redemption Amount 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the Optional Redemption Amount:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6(g)(ii) applies] 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [•])
(iv) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•]

--- Page 151 ---
A44530876 
150
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26.
Form of Notes:
[Dematerialised Notes/ 
Materialised Notes]
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)
[Delete as appropriate] 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify 
whether
Bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) / Administered 
Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré) / Fully Registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif pur)]
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] if applicable give name 
and details] (note that a registration agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
Fully 
Registered 
Dematerialised Notes only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [•]
(the “Exchange Date”), being 40 days after the Issue 
Date subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]
(iv) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/TEFRA not applicable] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes)
27.
Exclusion of the possibility to request identification 
of the Noteholders as provided by Condition 1(a)(i) 
[Applicable] 
(if 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a)(i) is contemplated delete this 
paragraph)
28.
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that this item
relates to the date and place of payment, and not the 
end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which items 
16(ii), 17(v) and 19(iv) relate)
Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 7(h)): 
[The next following business day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
such event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately 
preceding 
business 
day.]
[The 
immediately preceding business day]/[Other*]
29.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
*  In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Notes or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next following business day (as defined in Condition 7(h)).

--- Page 152 ---
A44530876 
151
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only
applicable to Materialised Notes)
30.
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)]
apply]
31.
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 12(b)]
apply]
32.
Meeting and Voting Provisions (Condition 10): 
[[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall apply] 
(Note that Condition 10(b) (Contractual Masse) is only 
applicable in respect of any Tranche of Notes issued (a) 
outside France and (b) with a denomination of, or 
which can only be traded in amount of, less than 
€100,000 or its equivalent)),  
(Insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any).
[Name and address of the Representative: [•]
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [•]
The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [•]]
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [Non-Exempt Offer in the Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions] [and] [admission to trading on [specify relevant regulated market] of the Notes described herein] pursuant 
to the Euro 125,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Compagnie de Financement Foncier. 
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[•] has been extracted from [•]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate 
or misleading. ]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Duly represented by:

--- Page 153 ---
A44530876 
152
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris] / [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [•].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / 
[the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] / [ specify relevant regulated market]] with 
effect from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading.)  
(ii) 
Regulated markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge 
of the issuer, securities of the same 
class of the securities to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]
2.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s):  
[Not Applicable / An offer of the Notes may be made by 
Dealers [and (specify the name of any financial 
intermediary)] other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in [France / the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg / any Member State of the EEA] (the “Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s)”) during the period from 
[specify date] until [specify date] (“Offer Period”).  
See further Paragraph 2 of Part B above.]
Offer Price:
[Issue Price][specify]
Conditions to which the Non-Exempt Offer is 
subject:
[Not Applicable/give details]
Offer 
Period 
(including 
any 
possible 
amendments):
[Not Applicable/give details]
Description of the application process:
[Not Applicable/give details]
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amount paid in excess by applicants:
[Not Applicable/give detail] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application:
[Not Applicable/give details]
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes:
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 154 ---
A44530876 
153
Manner in and date on which results of the 
Non-Exempt Offer are to be made public:
[Not Applicable/give details]
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised:
[Not Applicable/give details]
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries:
[Not Applicable/give details]
Process for notifying applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is made:
[Not Applicable/give details]
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs such 
that it is required to disclose information relating to costs 
and charges, also include that information)
Consent of the Issuer to use the Prospectus 
during the Offer Period:   
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below]
Authorised Offeror(s) in Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) where the Non-Exempt Offer 
takes place: 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to act 
as Authorised Offeror(s)/ Any financial intermediary 
which satisfies the conditions set out below in item 
“Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use 
the Prospectus”]
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known 
to the Issuer, of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place. 
[None/give details]
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a general 
consent to any financial intermediary to use the 
Prospectus, specify any additional conditions to or any 
condition replacing those set out on pages 5 and 6 of the 
Base Prospectus or indicate “See conditions set out in 
the Base Prospectus”. Where Authorised Offeror(s) have 
been designated herein, specify any condition]
3.
[SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has certified on [•] [and on [•]] that the value 
of the assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the privilège defined 
in Article L.513-11 of the Code monétaire et financier, after settlement of this issue and of the issues which 
have been the subject of previous attestations and that the coverage ratio of the Issuer is compliant with 
the minimum overcollateral ratio specified in Article R.513-8 of the Code monétaire et financier.]

--- Page 155 ---
A44530876 
154
4.
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated Aaa by Moody’s France 
SAS (“Moody’s”), AAA by [S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited] (“S&P”) and AAA by [Scope Ratings AG] 
(“Scope”).  
For Moody’s, Notes issued under the Programme are 
deemed to have the same rating as the Programme, 
investors are invited to check on a regular basis the rating 
assigned to the Programme which is publicly disclosed via 
Moody’s rating desk or moodys.com.  
The Notes issued under the Programme will be rated 
[AAA] by S&P1 and [AAA] by Scope. 
[[Each of [S&P], [Moody’s] and [Scope]] is established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As 
such, [each of [S&P], [Moody’s] and [Scope]] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)
5.
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second 
alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of the host Member States of 
the EEA] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation.]
6.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
["Save as discussed in the section entitled [“Subscription and Sale”] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
1  An obligation rated “AAA” has the highest rating assigned by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services. The obligor capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is extremely strong (source: Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services). A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice.

--- Page 156 ---
A44530876 
155
7.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[●]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer's 
general corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute 
“[Green/Social] Bonds” and the net proceeds will be 
used to finance or refinance in whole or in part, 
[eligible loans for green assets/eligible loans for 
social assets] as defined in the [framework of the 
sustainable development bond program of Groupe 
BPCE]: [Describe specific loans and/or availability 
of green second party opinion or social second party 
opinion and any relevant third-party opinions and/or 
where the information can be obtained, etc…]]
(See "Use of Proceeds" in Base Prospectus – if
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks will need to include those 
reasons here.)]
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[•] [Include breakdown of expenses.]
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended “use” and presented in order of 
priority of such “uses”.)
8.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date]   
9.
[Floating Rate Notes only - PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Historic interest rates:
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/EONIA/CMS 
Rate/TEC10] 
rates can be obtained [but not] free of charges from 
[[Reuters]/Bloomberg/give details of electronic 
means of obtaining the details of performance].]
[Benchmarks:
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or

--- Page 157 ---
A44530876 
156
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As 
at [●], [●] appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
in 
the 
United 
Kingdom.]] 
10.
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING  
(i) Name of underlying index: [•]
(ii) Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [•]
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].
11.
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
(A) names and addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments]
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)
(B) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•] 
(C) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)]
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address]
(iv)
Total commission and concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount.
(v)
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details]
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or 
if a KID will be prepared, in which cases, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or 
if a KID will be prepared, in which cases, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 158 ---
A44530876 
157
(viii) Non-Exempt offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made 
by the Managers [and [specify, if applicable]] other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in [specify relevant Member State(s) - 
which must be jurisdictions where the Prospectus and 
any supplements have been passported] (“Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s)”) during the period 
from [specify date] until [specify date] (“Offer 
Period”).
(ix) 
 Additional information in respect of the 
Canadian selling restriction: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]]
12.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
[Yes/No]
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]]
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]
The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued 
has been translated into Euro at the rate of 
[currency] [•] per Euro 1.00, producing a sum of: 
[Not Applicable/Euro [•]] (Only applicable for Notes 
not denominated in Euro)

--- Page 159 ---
A44530876 
158
[ANNEX-ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[insert the issue specific summary]

--- Page 160 ---
A44530876 
159
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EURO 100,000 TO BE 
ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET AND ISSUES OF 
NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, 
OR SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY 
QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS 
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK 
MIFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 161 ---
A44530876 
160
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”), as modified or amended from time to time and the Securities 
and Futures Act (Capital Market Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).]3
1 
Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or if a KID will be prepared, in which case, insert “Not 
Applicable” in paragraph 10(iv) of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to 
prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 10(iv) 
of Part B below. 
2 
Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or if a KID will be prepared, in which case, insert “Not 
Applicable” in paragraph 10(v) of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to 
prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise made available to UK retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 10(v) 
of Part B below.  
3 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 162 ---
A44530876 
161
Final Terms dated [•]
[LOGO, if document is printed]
COMPAGNIE DE FINANCEMENT FONCIER 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): DKGVVH5FKILG8R13CO13 
Euro 125,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•]
[Brief Description and Amount of Obligations Foncières] 
Issued by: COMPAGNIE DE FINANCEMENT FONCIER (the “Issuer”) 
Issue Price: [•] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Manager(s)] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 15 June 2021 which received approval number 21-226 from the Autorité des marchés financiers
(the “AMF”) on 15 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval 
number [•] from the AMF on [•] (the “Supplement[s]”) ] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [is] [are] available for viewing at the office 
of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org/en) 
and on the website of the Issuer (https://www.foncier.fr) and copies may be obtained from [Compagnie de 
Financement Foncier, 4, Quai de Bercy, 94224 Charenton Cedex, France]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus and/or an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) which 
are the [●] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2021. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 15 June 2021 which has received approval number 21-226 from the AMF on 15 June 2021 [and the 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval number [•] from the AMF on [•] (the

--- Page 163 ---
A44530876 
162
“Supplement[s]”], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in 
order to obtain all the relevant information, including the [●] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website 
of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org/en) and on the website of the Issuer (https://www.foncier.fr) and copies 
may be obtained from Compagnie de Financement Foncier, 4, Quai de Bercy, 94224 Charenton Cedex, France.
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1
Issuer: 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•]
 
(ii)
Tranche Number: 
[•]
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer 
on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the 
Issue Date of this Tranche.] 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•]
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes admitted to 
trading: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•]
 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[•]]
5
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date], (if applicable)]
6
Specified Denominations: 
[•] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes)4
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•]
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] [If applicable, refer to paragraph 9 
below for the Extended Maturity Date] 
9
Extended Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]/Not Applicable.]
4  Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 164 ---
A44530876 
163
10
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[•] month [specify particular reference rate or 
EURIBOR/LIBOR/EONIA/ CMS Rate/TEC10 ] +/- 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Zero Coupon – Resettable] 
[Zero Coupon/Fixed Rate] 
[Inflation Linked Note – Fixed Interest/Inflation 
Interest] 
[Formula Linked Note] 
[(further particulars specified below)]
11
Redemption Basis: 
[[•]] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination (for 
fungible issues of Notes only)][Redemption at 
par][Variable Zero Coupon Redemption][Resettable 
Zero Coupon Notes][Inflation Linked Notes – 
Redemption at par][Inflation Linked Notes – 
Inflation Redemption (see line item [.] for more 
details)] 
12
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable - Fixed/Floating Rate] [Applicable – 
Zero Coupon/Fixed Rate] [Not Applicable] 
[(Further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
[“Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions”] [“Zero 
Coupon/Fixed Rate Note Provisions”])] 
[Not Applicable] 
13
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call]
[(further particulars specified below)]
14
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Final 
Redemption Amounts and/or Optional Redemption 
Amounts: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Applicable/ Applicable to the Interest Accrual 
Period(s) commencing on [.] and ending on [.]/ Not 
Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Fixed Percentage: 
[•/Not Applicable]
(ii)  
Variable Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(iii)  
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination]

--- Page 165 ---
A44530876 
164
(iv)  
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•]
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•]
- Reference Banks: 
[•]
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•]
- Specified Currency: 
[•]
(v)  
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•]
- Designated Maturity: 
[•]
- Reset Date: 
[•]
(vi)  
Margin: 
[•]
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Applicable/ Applicable to the Interest Accrual 
Period(s) commencing on [•] and ending on [•]/ Not 
Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Fixed Percentage: 
[•]/[0 per cent. per annum]5
(ii)  
Variable Rate: 
[Applicable, provided that the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall not be less than zero/Not Applicable] (If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(iii)  
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination]
(iv)  
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•]
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•]
- Reference Banks: 
[•]
5 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 166 ---
A44530876 
165
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•]
- Specified Currency: 
[•]
(v)  
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•]
- Designated Maturity: 
[•]
- Reset Date: 
[•]
(vi)  
Margin: 
[•]
Maximum Final Redemption Amount: 
[•/Not Applicable] 
Minimum Final Redemption Amount: 
[•/Not Applicable] 
Maximum Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•/Not Applicable]
Minimum Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•/Not Applicable]
15
(i) 
Status of the Notes:  
[Obligations Foncières]
(ii) 
Dates of the corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
Decision of the Conseil d’administration of 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier dated [•]
authorising the issue of the Notes and authorising, 
inter alios, its Président Directeur Général and its 
Directeur Général Délégué to sign and execute all 
documents in relation to the issue of Notes, and 
decision of the Conseil d’administration of the Issuer 
dated [•] authorising the quarterly programme of 
borrowings which benefit from the privilège referred 
to in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier up to and including Euro [•] billion for 
the [•] quarter of 20[•]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF 
ANY) PAYABLE 
16
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/ Applicable for the purposes of the 
interest on the Inflation Linked Note/Applicable for 
the purposes of a Formula Linked Note/Applicable as 
the Pre Switch Rate/Applicable as the Post Switch 
Rate/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum with respect to each Interest 
Accrual Period][The Rates of Interest set out in the 
following 
table][payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear[:]

--- Page 167 ---
A44530876 
166
Relevant 
Interest 
Accrual Period: 
Rate of Interest: 
[•]
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•]
(Specify relevant Rate of 
Interest corresponding to 
the 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”]/not adjusted] 
(Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[•] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[•] per [•] in nominal amount  
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling in/on 
[•]
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
17
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Applicable 
as 
the 
Pre 
Switch 
Rate/Applicable as the Post Switch Rate/Applicable 
for the purposes of a Formula Linked Note/Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•]
[•]
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•] (not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date)

--- Page 168 ---
A44530876 
167
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except 
the 
Following 
Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/other (give details)].
(Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates) 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•]
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination]
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[•] 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/EONIA/CMS Rate/TEC10]  
 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•]
 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•]
 
- Interest Determination Date: 
[[•] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention].]
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
- [Relevant Currency: 
[•]] 
 
- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]] 
 
- [Designated Maturity: 
[•]] 
 
- [Specified Time: 
[•]] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[•]]
 
- Floating Rate: 
[•] 
 
- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[•] 
 
- FBF Definitions: (if different from those set out in 
the Conditions): 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)):

--- Page 169 ---
A44530876 
168

Floating Rate Option: 
[•]

Designated Maturity: 
[•]

Reset Date: 
[•]
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum] / [0 per cent. per annum]6
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable] / [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
18
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Applicable for the purposes of Zero 
Coupon/Fixed Rate Notes, subject to Condition 
5(g)]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(g)):  
[[•] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] (Not 
applicable for Resettable Zero Coupon Notes) 
 
(ii) 
Resettable (Condition 5(h)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- Reset Date(s): 
[•]
 
- Maximum Number of Reset Date(s): 
[•]
 
- Reset Expiry Date: 
The date falling [•] Business Days immediately 
preceding the relevant Reset Date. 
 
- X%: 
[•] per cent. per annum. 
 
- Default Rate (Condition 5(e)):  
[•] per cent. per annum. 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
6 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 170 ---
A44530876 
169
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
19
Inflation Linked Note Interest Provisions 
[Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
– 
Fixed 
Interest 
Applicable/Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation 
Interest Applicable /Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[(If Inflation Linked Notes – Fixed Interest is 
Applicable add the following) (see item [16] of these 
Final terms for details as to the Rate of Interest 
applicable)] 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP]
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[•] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(vi) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(viii) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•]  
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / [0 per cent. per annum]7
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
7 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 171 ---
A44530876 
170
 
(xii) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
20
Index Formula
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
 
(i)  
Index1:
[Index Reference Rate / CPI Reference Rate/ HICP 
Reference Rate]
 
(ii)  
Designated Maturity of Index1: 
[•] 
 
(iii)  
Index2: 
[Index Reference Rate / CPI Reference Rate / HICP 
Reference Rate / zero] 
 
(iv)  
Designated Maturity of Index2: 
[•] 
 
(v)  
Participation: 
[•] 
 
(vi)  
Spread: 
[•] per cent.
 
(vii)  Leverage1: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Leverage1 set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
Leverage1: 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Interest Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Leverage1)
 
(viii)  Leverage2: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Leverage2 set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual Period:
Leverage2:
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Interest Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Leverage2)
 
(ix)  
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(x)  
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(xi)  
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(xii)  Interest Period Date: 
[•]
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date)
 
(xiii)  Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except

--- Page 172 ---
A44530876 
171
the 
Following 
Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/other (give details)] 
 
(xiv)  Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] 
 
(xv)  Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
 
(xvi)  Screen Rate Determination for Index1 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
 
- Reference Rate: 
[•] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[•] / [•] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city]
for [specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)].]
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
- [Reference Currency: 
[•]] 
 
- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]] 
 
- [Designated Maturity: 
[As specified above for Index1] 
 
- [Specified Time: 
[•]] 
 
(xvii)  Screen Rate Determination for Index2 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
 
- Reference Rate: 
[•] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[•] / [•] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city]
for [specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
[,
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)].]
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
- [Reference Currency: 
[•]]

--- Page 173 ---
A44530876 
172
 
- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]] 
 
- [Designated Maturity: 
[As specified above for Index2] 
 
- [Specified Time: 
[•]] 
 
(xviii)  ISDA Determination for Index1 (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[As specified above for Index1] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(xix)  ISDA Determination for Index2 (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[As specified above for Index2] 
 
- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(xx)  Inflation determination for Index1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a) Index: 
[CPI Reference Rate / HICP Reference Rate] 
(b) Interest Determination Date: 
[[•] / [•] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city]
for [specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
[,
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)].]
(c) M: 
[•] month(s)
(d) M’: 
[•] month(s)
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 174 ---
A44530876 
173
(f) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(g) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum/ [0 per cent. per annum]8
(h) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum
 
(xxi)  Inflation determination for Index2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a) Index: 
[CPI Reference Rate / HICP Reference Rate] 
(b) Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(c) M: 
[•] month(s)
(d) M’: 
[•] month(s)
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(f) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(g) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum/ [0 per cent. per annum]9
(h) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum
 
(xxii)  Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum/ [0 per cent. 
per annum]10
 
(xxiii)  Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum
 
(xxiv)  Margin(s): 
[zero]
 
(xxv)  Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
8 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.   
9 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.   
10 Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 175 ---
A44530876 
174
 
(xxvi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
21
Underlying Formula
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(ii)  
Reference Currency: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Relevant Screen Time:  
[•][a.m.][p.m.] ([•] time)
(v) 
Participation:
[•] 
(vi) 
Spread:
[-][+] [•] per cent. per annum
(vii) 
Underlying: 
[TEC][CMS Rate] 
(viii) k:
[•]  
(ix) 
Interest Period(s):
[•] 
(x) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[•] 
(xi) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date:
[•] 
(xii) 
Interest Period Date:
[•] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date)
(xiii) Business Day Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(xix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)):
[•] 
(xv) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent):
[•] 
(xvi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[•] per cent. per annum/ [0 per cent. per annum]11
(xvii) Maximum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum
(xviii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)):
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
11 Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 176 ---
A44530876 
175
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xix) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
(xx) 
Interest Determination Date
[•] 
22
CPI Formula
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
M: 
[•] month(s)
(ii) 
M’: 
[•] month(s)
(iii) 
Spread: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
(v) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•] (Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / [0 per cent. per annum]12
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
23
HICP Formula
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
12 Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 177 ---
A44530876 
176
(i) 
M: 
[•] month(s)
(ii) 
M’: 
[•] month(s)
(iii) 
Spread: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
(v) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / [0 per cent. per annum]13
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
24
Leveraged Floating Rate Formula 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Margin: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Margin set out in the following table:]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Margin: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Margin) 
(ii) 
Leverage: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Leverage set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
Leverage: 
13 Unless a higher rate is stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero.

--- Page 178 ---
A44530876 
177
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Leverage) 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(v) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•] 
(vii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(viii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(ix) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)]

--- Page 179 ---
A44530876 
178
25
Reverse Floater Formula 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Rate of Interest relating to Initial Interest 
Periods: 
[Fixed Interest 
See item [16] relating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions] 
[Floating Interest 
See item [17] relating to Floating Rate Note 
Provisions] 
(ii) 
Initial Interest Periods: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest Accrual Periods)
(iii) 
Subsequent Interest Periods: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest Accrual Periods)
(iv) 
Fixed Percentage: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Fixed Percentage set out in the following table:]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Fixed Percentage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Margin) 
(v) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•]

--- Page 180 ---
A44530876 
179
(viii)  Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•] 
(ix)  
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(x)  
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(xi)  
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(xi)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xii)  
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(xiii)  Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
26
Maximum-Minimum VolBond Formula 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•]

--- Page 181 ---
A44530876 
180
(iv) 
Leverage: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Leverage set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
Leverage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Leverage)
(v) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•] 
(vi) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(vii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(viii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(x) 
Interest Observation Period(s): 
Period from and including each date falling [•]
Business Days immediately preceding the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period to and including 
the date falling [•] Business Days immediately 
preceding the last day of that Interest Accrual Period
(xi) 
Performance Observation Date(s): 
[•]
[Each 
date 
falling 
every 
[1][7][30][60][90][180][365] days after [•]]
(xii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(xiii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
27
Pre/Post VolBond Formula 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•]

--- Page 182 ---
A44530876 
181
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Leverage: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Leverage set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
Leverage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Leverage)
(v) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•] 
(vi) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(vii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(viii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(x) 
Post Rate Observation Date(s): 
[Each date falling [•] Business Days immediately 
preceding the last day of the Interest Accrual Period]
(xi) 
Pre Rate Observation Date(s): 
[Each date falling [•] Business Days immediately 
preceding the first day of the Interest Accrual Period]
(xii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(xiii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)]

--- Page 183 ---
A44530876 
182
28
Digital Formula 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Underlying Rate: 
[Underlying 
Fixed 
Percentage]/[ 
Underlying 
Benchmark Rate Level]/[Underlying Spread Rate] 
(ii) 
Underlying Fixed Percentage: 
[Not Applicable]/[•]
(iii) 
Underlying Benchmark Rate Level: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a) Manner in which the Underlying 
Benchmark Rate Level is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination]
(b) Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- Benchmark Rate:
[•]
- ISDA Definitions:
[•]
- Reference Banks:
[•]
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market:
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page:
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page Time:
[•]
- Specified Currency:
[•]
(c) ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[•]
- Designated Maturity:
[•]
- Reset Date:
[•]
(iv) 
Underlying Spread Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
LevelA is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(b) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•]

--- Page 184 ---
A44530876 
183
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(c) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(d) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
LevelB is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(e) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(f) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Range: 
[Range1][Range2][Range3][Range4][Range5]
- Lower Limit: 
[•]
- Upper Limit: 
[•]
(vi) 
LeverageA:
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
LeverageA set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
LeverageA: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
LeverageA)

--- Page 185 ---
A44530876 
184
(vii) 
LeverageB:
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
LeverageB set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual Period:
LeverageB:
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
LeverageB)
(viii) 
Rate1:
(a) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
Level1 is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(b) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(c) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(ix) 
Rate2:
(a) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
Level2 is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(b) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•]

--- Page 186 ---
A44530876 
185
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(c) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(x) 
W: 
[•] 
(xi) 
Fixed Percentage: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
(xii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•] 
(xiii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(xiv) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(xv) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xvii) Interest Observation Date: 
[•] 
(xviii) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(xix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
29
Product of Spread Formula 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][Applicable as the Pre 
Switch Rate/ Applicable as the Post Switch Rate] (If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i) 
Fixed Percentage: 
[•] 
(ii) 
LeverageA:
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
LeverageA set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
LeverageA:
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
LeverageA)

--- Page 187 ---
A44530876 
186
(iii) 
LeverageB:
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
LeverageB set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual Period:
LeverageB:
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
LeverageB)
(iv) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level1
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(vi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level2
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•]

--- Page 188 ---
A44530876 
187
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(x) 
W: 
[•] 
(xi) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•] 
(xii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(xiii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(xiv) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xvi) 
Interest Observation Date: 
[•] 
(xvii) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(xviii) Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
30
Range Accrual Formula 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
X: 
[Fixed Percentage]/[Benchmark Rate Level1 plus 
Margin]/[Benchmark Rate Level1 less Margin] 
(ii) 
Fixed Percentage: 
[Not Applicable]/ [•]
(iii) 
Benchmark Rate Level1:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
Level1 is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(b) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•]

--- Page 189 ---
A44530876 
188
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(c) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(d) Margin: 
[Not Applicable]/ [•] 
(iv) 
Underlying Rate: 
[Applicable 
to 
each 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period]:[Benchmark 
Rate 
LevelA]/[Spread 
Rate]/[Applicable to the Interest Accrual Periods as 
set out below] (If different Underlying Rates apply to 
different Accrual Periods, duplicate the relevant 
paragraphs below as needed).
(a) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
LevelA is to be determined: 
[Applicable to the Interest Accrual Period(s) 
commencing on [•] and ending on [•]:] [Screen Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination]
[Not 
Applicable] (Only applicable where the Underlying 
Rate is Benchmark Rate Level A)
(b) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(c) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•]

--- Page 190 ---
A44530876 
189
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(d) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
LevelB is to be determined: 
[Applicable to the Interest Accrual Period(s) 
commencing on [•] and ending on [•]:] [Screen Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination]
[Not 
Applicable] (Only applicable where the Underlying 
Rate is the Spread Rate)
(e) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(f) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(g) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
LevelC is to be determined: 
[Applicable to the Interest Accrual Period(s) 
commencing on [•] and ending on [•]:] [Screen Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination]
[Not 
Applicable] (Only applicable where the Underlying 
Rate is the Spread Rate)
(h) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•]

--- Page 191 ---
A44530876 
190
(i) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Range:
[With 
respect 
to 
each 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period,[Range1][Range2][Range3][Range4][Range5]]
/[With respect to each Interest Accrual Period, the 
Range as set out in the table below:
Interest Accrual Period: 
Range: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Range)
- Lower Limit: 
[With respect to each Interest Accrual Period, [•]] 
[With respect to each Interest Accrual Period, the
Lower Limit as set out in the table below:
Interest Accrual Period: 
Lower Limit: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify relevant Lower 
Limit)
- Upper Limit: 
[With respect to each Interest Accrual Period, [•] 
[With respect to each Interest Accrual Period, the 
Upper Limit as set out in the table below:
Interest Accrual Period: 
Upper Limit: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period)
[•] 
(Specify relevant Upper 
Limit)
(vi) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•] 
(vii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(viii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(ix) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]]

--- Page 192 ---
A44530876 
191
(xi) 
Interest Observation Date(s): 
Each date falling [•] Business Days immediately 
preceding the [first][last] day of the Interest Accrual 
Period.
(xii) 
Interest Observation Period(s): 
Period from and including each date falling [•]
Business Days immediately preceding the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period to and including 
the date falling [•] Business Days immediately 
preceding the last day of that Interest Accrual Period.
(xiii) 
Range Accrual Day: 
[•]
[Each 
date 
falling 
every 
[1][7][30][60][90][180][365] days after [•]]
(xiv) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[•](Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to 
which item 41 relates)
(xv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
31
Steepener Formula 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Margin: 
[•] / [with respect to each Interest Accrual 
Period][The Margin set out in the following table:] 
Interest Accrual 
Period: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant 
Interest Accrual 
Period) 
Margin: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant 
Margin)]
(ii)
Leverage: 
[•]/ [with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Leverage set out in the following table:]
Interest Accrual 
Period: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant 
Interest Accrual 
Period)
Leverage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant 
Leverage)]
(iii)
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 1 is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] 
(a)
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•]

--- Page 193 ---
A44530876 
192
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(b)
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(iv)
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 2 is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] 
(a)
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(b)
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(v)
Barrier 1: 
[•] 
(If the Barrier 1 is a Benchmark Rate, duplicate the 
manner in which such Benchmark is to be determined 
in accordance with item 31(iii) above)
(vi)
Barrier 2: 
[•] 
(If the Barrier 2 is a Benchmark Rate, duplicate the 
manner in which such Benchmark is to be determined 
in accordance with item 31(iv) above)

--- Page 194 ---
A44530876 
193
(vii)
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
(viii)
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(ix)
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(x)
Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(xi)
Interest Observation Date: 
[•] 
(xii)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xiii)
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)):
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] [•] (Note that this 
item relates to interest period end dates and not to the 
date and place of payment, to which item 41 relates)
(xiv)
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Except the Following Month 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
32
Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Pre Switch Rate: 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note/Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate 
Note/Condition 5(c)(v)(J), as though the Note was a 
Formula Linked Note linked to a Product of Spread 
Formula] with further variables set out in line item [•]
of these Final Terms
(iv) 
Post Switch Rate: 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note/Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate 
Note/Condition 5(c)(v)(J), as though the Note was a 
Formula Linked Note linked to a Product of Spread 
Formula] with further variables set out in line item [•] 
of these Final Terms
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[•] 
(vi)  
Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer: 
[•] Business Days prior to the Switch Date

--- Page 195 ---
A44530876 
194
33
Zero Coupon/Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Switch Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Switch Expiry Date: 
The date falling [•] Business Days immediately 
preceding the relevant Switch Date. 
(iii) 
X%: 
[•]
(iv) 
Post Switch Rate: 
Determined in accordance with Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note were a Fixed Rate Note with further 
variables set out in line item [•] (insert cross-
reference to Fixed Rate Note Provisions) of these 
Final Terms. 
34
Rate Switch and Rate Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) Issuer Rate Switch Option: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a) Post Switch Rate: 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note/Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in line item [•] of these 
Final Terms. 
(b) Switch Date: 
[•]
(c) Minimum notice period required for Rate 
Switch Notice from the Issuer: 
[•] Business Days prior to the Switch Date. 
(ii) Rate Lock-In: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a) Barrier: 
[•] 
(b) Manner in which the Benchmark Rate 
LevelA is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(c) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
-
Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
-
ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
-
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
-
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•]

--- Page 196 ---
A44530876 
195
-
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(d) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
-
Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
-
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
-
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(e) Margin: 
[•] 
(f) Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•] 
(g)Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(h)Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(i) Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(j) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual 
– FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
35
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[Redemption 
at 
par][Zero 
Coupon 
Redemption][Variable Zero Coupon Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation Redemption] (The 
method of calculation of such amount(s) is 
determined in Condition 6(e)) 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed: 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed: 
[•]
[•]
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•]

--- Page 197 ---
A44530876 
196
36
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[•] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):
[Redemption 
at 
par][Zero 
Coupon 
Redemption][Variable Zero Coupon Redemption]
[Inflation Linked Notes – Inflation Redemption] (The 
method of calculation of such amount(s) is 
determined in Condition 6(f))
(iii)
Notice Period:
[•] 
37
Variable Zero Coupon Redemption – Provisions 
relating to the Optional Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
(i) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level1 
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Not Applicable] 
(a) Benchmark Rate Level1 (Screen Rate 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(b) Benchmark 
Rate 
Level1 
(ISDA 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•]

--- Page 198 ---
A44530876 
197
(ii) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level2
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Not Applicable] 
(a) Benchmark Rate Level2 (Screen Rate 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(b) Benchmark 
Rate 
Level2 
(ISDA 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level3
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Not Applicable] 
(a) Benchmark Rate Level3 (Screen Rate 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(b) Benchmark 
Rate 
Level3 
(ISDA 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•]

--- Page 199 ---
A44530876 
198
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level4
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Not Applicable] 
(a) Benchmark Rate Level4 (Screen Rate 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•] 
(b) Benchmark 
Rate 
Level4 
(ISDA 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Fixed Cap: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
percentage set out in the following table:][Not 
Applicable]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Percentage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Percentage) 
(vi) 
Fixed Floor: 
[[•]with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
percentage set out in the following table:][Not 
Applicable]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Percentage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Percentage)

--- Page 200 ---
A44530876 
199
(vii) 
Fixed Percentage1: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
percentage set out in the following table:][Not 
Applicable] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
Percentage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Percentage) 
(viii) 
Fixed Percentage2: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
percentage set out in the following table:][Not 
Applicable] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
Percentage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Percentage) 
(ix) 
Floating Cap: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Floating Floor: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Margin1: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Margin set out in the following table:]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Margin: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Margin) 
(xii) 
Margin2: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Margin set out in the following table:]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Margin: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Margin) 
(xiii) 
Margin3: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Margin set out in the following table:]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Margin: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Margin) 
(xiv) 
Redemption Calculation Date: 
[•] 
(xv)  
Last Redemption Calculation Date: 
[•] Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date
(xvi) 
Reference Date: 
[Issue Date][•][Not Applicable] 
(xvii) Reference Price: 
[•]

--- Page 201 ---
A44530876 
200
38
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[[•]] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination (for 
fungible issues of Notes only)][Redemption at 
par][Variable Zero Coupon Redemption][Resettable 
Zero Coupon Notes][Inflation Linked Notes – 
Redemption at par][Inflation Linked Notes – 
Inflation Redemption (see line item [●] for more 
details)]
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the Final Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Determination date of IIR: 
[•] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date [or the 
Extended Maturity Date] 
(ii) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6(d) applies] 
(iv) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [•])
(v) 
Inflation Index Ratio (IIR): 
[•] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
Variable Zero Coupon Redemption – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
(i) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level1
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Not Applicable] 
(a) Benchmark Rate Level1 (Screen Rate 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•] 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•] 
- Reference Banks: 
[•] 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•] 
- Specified Currency: 
[•]

--- Page 202 ---
A44530876 
201
(b) Benchmark 
Rate 
Level1 
(ISDA 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•] 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level2
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Not Applicable] 
(a) Benchmark Rate Level2 (Screen Rate 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•]
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•]
- Reference Banks: 
[•]
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•]
- Specified Currency: 
[•]
(b) Benchmark 
Rate 
Level2 
(ISDA 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•]
- Designated Maturity: 
[•]
- Reset Date: 
[•]
(iii) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level3
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Not Applicable] 
(a) Benchmark Rate Level3 (Screen Rate 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•]
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•]
- Reference Banks: 
[•]

--- Page 203 ---
A44530876 
202
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•]
- Specified Currency: 
[•]
(b) Benchmark 
Rate 
Level3 
(ISDA 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•]
- Designated Maturity: 
[•]
- Reset Date: 
[•]
(iv) 
Manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level4
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Not Applicable] 
(a) Benchmark Rate Level4 (Screen Rate 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Benchmark Rate: 
[•]
- ISDA Definitions: 
[•]
- Reference Banks: 
[•]
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[•]
- Specified Currency: 
[•]
(b) Benchmark 
Rate 
Level4 
(ISDA 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
- Floating Rate Option:  
[•]
- Designated Maturity: 
[•]
- Reset Date: 
[•]
(v) 
Fixed Cap: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
percentage set out in the following table:][Not 
Applicable]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Percentage: 
[•] 
[•]

--- Page 204 ---
A44530876 
203
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
(Specify 
relevant 
Percentage) 
(vi) 
Fixed Floor: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
percentage set out in the following table:][Not 
Applicable]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Percentage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Percentage) 
(vii) 
Fixed Percentage1: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
percentage set out in the following table:][Not 
Applicable] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
Percentage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Percentage) 
(viii) 
Fixed Percentage2: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
percentage set out in the following table:][Not 
Applicable] 
Interest Accrual Period: 
Percentage: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Percentage) 
(ix) 
Floating Cap: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Floating Floor: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Margin1: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Margin set out in the following table:]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Margin: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Margin) 
(xii) 
Margin2: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Margin set out in the following table:]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Margin: 
[•] 
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
[•] 
(Specify 
relevant 
Margin) 
(xiii) 
Margin3: 
[[•] with respect to each Interest Accrual Period][The 
Margin set out in the following table:]
Interest Accrual Period: 
Margin: 
[•] 
[•]

--- Page 205 ---
A44530876 
204
(Specify relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
(Specify 
relevant 
Margin) 
(xiv) 
Redemption Calculation Date: 
[•]
(xv)  
Last Redemption Calculation Date: 
[•] Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date
(xvi) 
Reference Date: 
[Issue Date][•][Not Applicable]
(xvii) Reference Price: 
[•] 
Resettable Zero Coupon Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
X%: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
M: 
[•] 
39
Optional Redemption Amount 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to the 
Optional Redemption Amount:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP]
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6(g)(ii) applies]
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [•]) 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•]
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
40
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ 
Materialised Notes]
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify 
whether
Bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) / Administered 
Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré) / Fully Registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif pur)]
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] if applicable give name 
and details] (note that a registration agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
Fully 
Registered 
Dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
[•] (the “Exchange Date”), being 40 days after the

--- Page 206 ---
A44530876 
205
Issue Date subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]
 
(iv) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/TEFRA not applicable] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes)
41
Exclusion 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] 
(if 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a)(i) is contemplated delete this 
paragraph)
42
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that this item
relates to the date and place of payment, and not the 
end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which items 
16(ii), 16(v) and 19(iv) relate)
Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 7(h)): 
[The next following business day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
such event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately 
preceding 
business 
day.]
[The 
immediately preceding business day]/[Other*] 
43
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only
applicable to Materialised Notes)
44
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)]
apply]
45
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 12(b)]
apply]
46
Meeting and Voting Provisions (Condition 10): 
[[No Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall apply] 
(If Condition 10(b) (Contractual Masse) applies, 
insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any) 
[Name and address of the Representative: [•]
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [•]
The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [•]]
  In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Notes  or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next following business day (as defined in Condition 7(h)).

--- Page 207 ---
A44530876 
206
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] of the Notes described herein] pursuant to the Euro 125,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of Compagnie de Financement Foncier. 
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[•] has been extracted from 
[•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and 
is able to ascertain from information published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced inaccurate or misleading. ]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 Duly represented by:

--- Page 208 ---
A44530876 
207
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] 
/ [the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] / [specify relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [•].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] / [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•]
(iii) 
Regulated markets or equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge of the issuer, 
securities of the same class of the securities 
to be offered or admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading: 
[[•]/[Not Applicable]]
2.
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated Aaa by Moody’s France 
SAS (“Moody’s”), AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”) and AAA by Scope Ratings AG 
(“Scope”). 
For Moody’s, Notes issued under the Programme are 
deemed to have the same rating as the Programme, 
investors are invited to check on a regular basis the rating 
assigned to the Programme which is publicly disclosed via 
Moody’s rating desk or moodys.com.  
The Notes issued under the Programme will be rated 
[AAA] by S&P1 and [AAA] by Scope. 
[[Each of [S&P], [Moody’s] and [Scope]] is established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As 
such, [each of [S&P], [Moody’s] and [Scope]] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation 
1  An obligation rated “AAA” has the highest rating assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. The obligor capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is extremely strong (source: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited). A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice.

--- Page 209 ---
A44530876 
208
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[[None of [•] and] [•] is [not] established in the European 
Union [nor has/and has not] applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)
3.
[SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has certified on [•] [and on [•]] that the value of 
the assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the privilège defined in 
Article L.513-11 of the Code monétaire et Financier, after settlement of this issue and of the issues which 
have been the subject of previous attestations and that the coverage ratio of the Issuer is compliant with the 
minimum overcollateral ratio specified in Article R.513-8 of the Code monétaire et financier.]
4.
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the Programme and 
the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member 
States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation.]
5.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement: 
["Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."]/[]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[•]
(See "Use of Proceeds" in Base Prospectus – if reasons for 
offer different from making profit and/or hedging certain 
risks will need to include those reasons here.)]
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds

--- Page 210 ---
A44530876 
209
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
7.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[•]
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date] 
8.
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
Performance of rates: 
Details of performance of 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/EONIA/EUR CMS/TEC 10 or 
other rates as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained from [[Reuters]/Bloomberg/give details of 
electronic 
means 
of 
obtaining 
the 
details 
of 
performance].] 
[Benchmarks:  
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does 
not 
appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) 
(the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). [As at [●], [●] appears on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom.]] 
9.
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING  
(i) Name of underlying index: [•]
(ii) Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [•]
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where 
it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
10.
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated]

--- Page 211 ---
A44530876 
210
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
(A) names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments]
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.)
(B) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•] 
(C) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and address]
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Manager: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address]
(iv)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or if 
a KID will be prepared, in which cases, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or if 
a KID will be prepared, in which cases, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details]
(vii) 
Additional information in respect of the 
Canadian selling restriction: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]]
11.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[•]
Common Code: 
[•]
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
[Yes/No]
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]]
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 212 ---
A44530876 
211
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[•]
The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued has 
been translated into Euro at the rate of [currency]
[•] per Euro 1.00, producing a sum of: 
[Not Applicable/Euro [•]] (Only applicable for Notes not
denominated in Euro)

--- Page 213 ---
A44530876 
212
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1
AMF approval and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation and received approval number 21-226 on 15 June 2021. The AMF only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the 
quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other regulated 
market in a Member State of the EEA during a period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. At the same time, application has been made for the notification of a certificate of approval 
released to the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg, as competent authority in 
Luxembourg for the purpose of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities 
(loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) which implements the Prospectus 
Regulation, both of approval and notification being made by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, such notification 
may also be made at the Issuer’s request to any other competent authority of any Member State of the EEA in 
order for Notes to be admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market in the EEA and/or offered to the 
public pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer in a Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 15 June 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
2
Consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the Programme 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme.  
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a decision of the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d’administration) of the Issuer passed on 21 March 2000.  
On 14 December 2007, the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has authorised the 
increase of the Programme Limit from Euro 75 billion to Euro 125 billion. 
Any drawdown of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires 
the prior authorisation of (i) the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer or (ii) the Ordinary 
General Meeting of the Issuer’s shareholders if (a) the statuts of the Issuer so require or (b) such Ordinary 
General Meeting decides itself to exercise such authority. 
Any drawdown of Notes, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute obligations, fall within the general 
powers of the directeur général or a directeur général délégué of the Issuer. 
3
Rating of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s long-term credit rating is AA- by Scope.

--- Page 214 ---
A44530876 
213
4
Quarterly certification of the specific controller 
It should be noted that the Programme Limit (Euro 125,000,000,000) is subject to quarterly certification of 
the specific controller. 
5
No significant changes in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer since 31 March 2021. 
6
No material adverse change 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
7
Limitations under United States income tax laws 
Each definitive Materialised Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States 
person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
8
Clearance and Trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or 
with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream which are entities in charge of 
keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
9
No governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings involving the Issuer 
The Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
10
Issuer’s website 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.foncier.fr. The information on the Issuers's website (and more 
generally on any website included in this Base Prospectus) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF, unless that information is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 215 ---
A44530876 
214
11
Availability of documents 
For so long as Notes may be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the following documents will be available, 
free of charge during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), at the 
office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents: 
(i)
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement; 
(ii)
the statuts of the Issuer in both French and English;
(iii) the annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020; and
(iv)
the latest quarterly borrowing programme of the Issuer and the specific controller’s certificate relating 
thereto which are usually delivered at the beginning of each quarter. 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the following documents will be available, on the website of 
the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org/en): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris;
(ii) this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus; 
and 
(iii) the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (excluding the 2005 EMTN 
Conditions). 
The documents listed in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above and the 2005 EMTN Conditions will be available on 
the website of the Issuer (https://www.foncier.fr). 
Each time the Notes will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Notes will also be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. As a consequence, the Final Terms will be 
available in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu). 
12
Audited and unaudited financial information 
The non-consolidated accounts of the Issuer are audited and are published on an annual basis. The Issuer also 
produces unaudited interim financial information. 
13
Compliance with the legal over-collateralisation ratio 
Pursuant to Article R.513-16 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, the specific controller certifies 
that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer is greater than the amount of liabilities 
benefiting from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a quarterly borrowing programme and for any issue 
of Obligations Foncières in a principal amount equal to or above Euro 500 million or its equivalent in the 
currency of issue. 
14
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63, rue de Villiers, 92200 Neuilly sur Seine, France and KPMG S.A., Tour 
EQHO, 2, avenue Gambetta, CS 60055, 92066 Paris La Défense cedex, France (both entities regulated by the 
Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and members of the Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux 
comptes de Versailles and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes) have audited and rendered audit 
reports on the financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020.

--- Page 216 ---
A44530876 
215
15
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and 
will not be an indication of future yield. 
16
Third Party Information 
The Issuer confirms that the information sourced from a third party set out in this Base Prospectus has been 
accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.  
17
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance 
that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
18
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or LIBOR which are 
respectively provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (“IBA”) or other reference rates as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. As at the 
date hereof, (i) the EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmark Regulation”) and (ii) the IBA does not appear on 
such register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that the IBA is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration. 
Where applicable, the relevant Final Terms shall specify whether the relevant benchmark administrator 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to the Benchmark Regulation and, whether, as far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply in relation to such 
benchmark administrator. 
19
Legal Entity Identifier 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is DKGVVH5FKILG8R13CO13.

--- Page 217 ---
A44530876 
216
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer
We declare, to the best of our knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance
with the facts and that it contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier 
19, rue des Capucines 
75001 Paris 
France 
Duly represented by: Olivier Avis 
Directeur Général / C.E.O. 
Duly authorised 
on 15 June 2021 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 15 June 2021 and is valid until 15 June 2022 and shall, during this period 
and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus 
obtained the following approval number: n° 21-226.

--- Page 218 ---
A44530876 
217
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier 
19, rue des Capucines 
75001 Paris 
France 
Principal Place of Business of the Issuer 
4, Quai de Bercy 
94224 Charenton Cedex 
Telephone: +33 1 57 44 92 20
Arranger
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Theodor-Heuss-Allee 70 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC                       
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA                    
51, rue La Boétie                             
75008 Paris                                 
France               
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Crédit Foncier de France 
19, rue des Capucines 
75001 Paris  
France
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores 
S.A.
Calle Ayala no. 42 
Madrid 
Spain
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Theodor-Heuss-Allee 70 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Tanustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany

--- Page 219 ---
A44530876 
218
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany
NATIXIS 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
UBS Europe SE                             
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4,                  
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch  
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom
Paying Agents 
Luxembourg Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg 
S.A.  
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg
Paris Paying Agent 
Crédit Foncier de France
4, Quai de Bercy 
94224 Charenton Cedex 
France
Frankfurt Paying Agent
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany
Listing Agent 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg  
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 220 ---
A44530876 
219
Auditors to the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Audit
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour EQHO 
2, avenue Gambetta 
CS 60055 
92066 Paris La Défense cedex
France 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer
To the Dealers 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France