--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN 
(incorporated in the Republic of France) 
EUR 15,000,000,000 
MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
This document comprises the base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the issuance of fixed rate notes, floating rate notes (including constant 
maturity swap (“CMS”) linked notes), inflation linked notes, and zero coupon notes, (the “Notes”, each series a “Series of Notes”) under the €15,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) of Compagnie de Saint-Gobain (the “Issuer” or “Saint-Gobain”). The Issuer may, subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, from time to time, outside the Republic of France, issue Notes denominated in any currency (including Euro) 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”). The maximum aggregate nominal amount 
of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in 
the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. The minimum denomination for Notes issued under the Programme shall be 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The Notes may be issued to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Description of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of 
the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes the base prospectus dated 16 June 2021 (as supplemented from time to time) and shall be in force for a period of 
one year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. Consequently, this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) will expire on 13 July 2023 and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer ap ply from such 
date. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a regulated market (a “ Regulated Market”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“ MiFID II”). Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and 
conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “ Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) which will be delivered to Euronext Paris.   
Holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) will be entitled, following a Change of Control, to request the Issuer to redeem, purchase or procure the 
purchase of their Notes at their principal amount together with any accrued interest as more fully described under “ Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Change 
of Control”. 
The Issuer’s general long term debt ratings are (P)Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and BBB (stable outlook) by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited. The Programme has been rated (P)Baa1 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd. Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the 
Programme. The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union (“EU”) or in the United Kingdom 
(“ UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) or under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) and as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited are credit rating agencies established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. They appear on the 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk). Each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is not established in the UK and is not registered in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. However, the ratings issued by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited are, as the case 
may be, endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. In 
general, European or UK regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. For more information on the ratings of the Pro gramme, see “ Description of the 
Programme – Rating”. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any 
time. Any such revision or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the Notes.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the terms and conditions of the N otes under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”), in which event a new prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the securities laws 
of any U.S. state, and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and or such state securities laws. See “ Notes in Global Form” for a description of the manner in 
which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer; see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.  
ARRANGER 
SOCIETE GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
DEALERS  
BBVA 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB  
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
 
ING

--- Page 2 ---
2 
J.P. MORGAN 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
 
MUFG 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 July 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation and comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In this document references to the “Group” are to Saint-Gobain and its consolidated 
subsidiaries. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and for the information contained in the Final Terms for each issue of Notes under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the AMF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are deemed to 
be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This 
Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are 
incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their 
attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Notes. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer 
or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer 
or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the 
Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit 
a public offering of any Notes within or outside France or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer 
or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area 
(the “EEA”) and Japan. (See “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”.) 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
“MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market –  The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance,” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining the appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amende d, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes: 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This document is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are 
outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the 
“Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be 
communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons 
together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any Notes will only be available to, and 
any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes 
will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person 
should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in 
the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour 
of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and 
its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. 
They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield 
with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any 
investor in the Notes regarding the legality of the investor’s investment in the Notes under 
any laws applicable to such investor. In addition, the investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine

--- Page 7 ---
7 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase 
or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Note s under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Investors should note that on 31 January 2020 the UK withdrew from the European 
Union under the “Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 
and Northern Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy 
Community” dated 19 October 2019 (the “Withdrawal Agreement”). The Withdrawal 
Agreement instituted a transition period, which ended on 31 December 2020 (the 
“Transition Period”). On 24 December 2020, the European Union and the UK reached 
an agreement in principle on a trade and cooperation agreement (the “EU-UK Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement”) which applied provisionally until 30 April 2021 (as the initial 
deadline of 28 February 2021 had been extended by mutual consent of the parties on 23 
February 2021) and entered into force on 1 May 2021. On 1 January 2021, the UK lost 
all the rights and obligations it had as an EEA Member State, including during the 
Transition Period. It no longer benefits from seamless access to the European Single 
Market and Customs Union, or from European policies and international agreements 
(including free trade agreements with other third countries). 
Further to the Withdrawal Agreement, the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and 
the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 
“Brussels I Recast Regulation”) will apply to the recognition and enforcement in France 
of judgments issued by the Courts of the UK in legal proceedings instituted before the 
end of the Transition Period. After the end of the Transition Period, the provisions of 
Brussels I Recast Regulation are no longer be applicable. In 2018, in contemplation of a 
possible no-deal exit from the European Union, the UK had deposited an instrument of 
accession to the Convention on Choice of Courts Agreements dated 30 June 2005 (the 
“Hague Convention”). On 31 January 2020, the Government of the UK withdrew such 
instrument of accession to the Hague Convention. On the same date, the Government of 
the UK also declared that the UK intends to deposit a new instrument of accession at the 
appropriate time prior to the termination of the Transition Period to ensure the seamless 
continuity of the application of the Hague Convention in the UK. On 28 September 2020, 
the UK confirmed its intention to be bound by the Hague Convention as of 1 January 
2021 and acceded to the Hague Convention. Provided that the Courts of the UK are 
designated under exclusive jurisdiction clauses falling within the scope and definitions of 
the Hague Convention, judgments issued by the Courts of the UK in legal proceedings 
relating to agreements entered into after 1 January 2021 may therefore be recognised and 
enforced in France under the Hague Convention. Investors should also note that the 
recognition and enforcement of judgements issued by the Courts of UK will not occur 
under the same terms and conditions under the Hague Convention and the Brussels I 
Recast Regulation. 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars and U.S.$ refer to United States dollars. In 
addition, all references to Yen, JPY and ¥ refer to currency of Japan, to Sterling, GBP 
and £ refer to pounds sterling and to Euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended. 
TAXATION

--- Page 8 ---
8 
A Noteholder’s effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax impact on that 
Noteholder of its investment in the Notes. Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits 
realised by the Noteholder upon the sale or repayment of the Notes, may be subject to 
taxation in the Noteholder’s home jurisdiction or in other jurisdictions in which it is 
required to pay taxes. Certain French tax matters relating to an investment in the Notes are 
summarised under the “Taxation” section below; however, that section does not contain a 
comprehensive description of the tax impact of an investment in the Notes and the tax impact 
on an individual Noteholder may differ from the impact described in that section. The Issuer 
advises all investors to contact their own tax advisors for advice on the tax impact of an 
investment in the Notes.  
CREDIT RATINGS 
One or more independent credit rating agencies (such as Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited) may assign credit ratings to the Notes. There 
is no guarantee that such ratings will be assigned or maintained or that such credit ratings 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to an investment in the Notes. Rating 
agencies may change their rating methodology making it more difficult to maintain a 
certain credit rating. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold Notes and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. 
Any such revision or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited are credit rating agencies established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. They appear on the list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
Each 
of 
Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is not established in the 
UK and is not registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. However, the 
ratings issued by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
are, as the case may be, endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. In general, 
European or UK regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, as applicable, from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes unless 
such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in 
the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as 
applicable (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU- or UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU or non-
UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, as applicable (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
U.S. INFORMATION

--- Page 9 ---
9 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, 
RECOMMENDED BY OR APPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION 
(THE 
“SEC”), 
ANY 
STATE 
SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE U.S. OR ANY OTHER SECURITIES COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE U.S., NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE. 
This Base Prospectus is being or may be circulated on a confidential basis in the United 
States to QIBs or Institutional Accredited Investors (each as defined under “Notes in 
Global Form”) that have executed and delivered an IAI Investment Letter (as defined 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) for informational use solely in connection 
with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered hereby. Its use for any 
other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced 
in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone 
other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs or to 
Institutional Accredited Investors that have executed and delivered an IAI Investment 
Letter, in either case in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any 
Registered Notes to it may be made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 
144A”). 
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be required to exe cute and deliver an 
IAI Investment Letter (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). Each 
purchaser or holder of Definitive IAI Registered Notes, Notes represented by a Rule 144A 
Global Note or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor 
(together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such 
Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers 
of Registered Notes that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities 
Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a deed poll dated 13 July 2022 to furnish, upon the 
request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a 
prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be delivered under 
Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, the Issuer is neither 
a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, (the “Exchange Act”), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 
12g3-2(b) thereunder.  
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a corporation organised under the laws of France. The majority of the 
officers and directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a 
substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and of such officers and directors are located

--- Page 10 ---
10 
outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service 
of process outside France upon the Issuer or such persons, or to enforce judgments 
against them obtained in courts outside France predicated upon civil liabilities of the 
Issuer or such directors and officers under laws other than French law, including any 
judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The Issuer maintains its financial books and records and prepares its consolidated 
financial statements in Euros in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union which differ in certain important 
respects from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States  (“U.S. 
GAAP”). 
EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus contains conversions of certain amounts into Euro solely for the 
convenience of the reader. No representation is made that such amounts referred to in 
this Base Prospectus could have been or could be converted into Euro at any particular 
rate or at all. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains “forward-looking statements” relating to the Issuer’s 
business and the sectors in which it operates. Forward-looking statements include all 
statements that are not historical facts, and can be identified by words such as “believes”, 
“anticipates”, “projects”, “intends”, “expects”, or the negatives of these terms or similar 
expressions. These statements appear in a number of places in this Base Prospectus. Any 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus should not be relied upon 
as predictions of future events. No assurance can be given that the expectations expressed 
in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Actual results could differ 
materially from expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements if one or more 
of the underlying assumptions or expectations proves to be inaccurate or is unrealised or 
if other factors affect the outcome. Some important factors that could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are, in certain instances, 
included with such forward-looking statements and in the section entitled “Risk Factors” 
in this Base Prospectus. The forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus

--- Page 11 ---
11 
are only made as of the date of this Base Prospectus and the Issuer does not undertake 
any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement to reflect subsequent 
events or circumstances.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
CONTENTS 
Page 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME..........................................................................13 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................36 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENTS.......................................................................................45 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES.................................................................46 
NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM .......................................................................................... 125 
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................... 131 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ......................................................................... 132 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .......................................................................................... 133 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................... 158 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ....... 161 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................. 171 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................... 195 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................... 200 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................................ 204

--- Page 13 ---
13 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Words and expressions defined in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Compagnie de Saint-Gobain, 
a French société 
anonyme 
Description: 
Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Dealers: 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING Bank N.V. Belgian Branch 
J.P. Morgan SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
Société Générale 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in 
respect of which 
particular 
laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions”) including 
the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if 
the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition 
on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies, 
see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Programme Size: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase or decrease the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in Euro, Sterling, U.S. 
dollars, Yen and, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“Specified Currency”). 
Maturities: 
Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject 
to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form 
as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
“Fixed Rate Notes” bear a fixed interest that will be 
payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction under the Conditions as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
“Floating Rate Notes” will bear interest, according 
to the Conditions, at a rate determined: 
  
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
applicable, as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series);

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on 
the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service or, where such reference rate 
is not available, in accordance with the 
fallback provisions provided for in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”; or 
 
(c) 
on the basis of a CMS reference rate (“CMS 
Linked Notes”). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Whether or not a Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in no 
event shall the Rate of Interest (including for the 
avoidance of doubt, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin) be less than zero. 
In the event that the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, the successor or 
alternative rates will be determined in accordance 
with the methodology set out in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
 
“Inverse Floating Rate Notes” have an interest rate 
equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate such as EURIBOR or other such 
reference rate as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or any successor rate or any alternative 
rate. 
Range Accrual Notes: 
The Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and 
Floating Rate Notes (including CMS Linked Notes) 
may be determined by multiplying the applicable 
Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect 
of such Notes by a range accrual factor, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (“Range Accrual 
Notes”). 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of 
“Inflation Linked Notes” will be calculated by 
reference to an Inflation Factor, derived from either: 
(i) the UK Retail Price Index (all items) published by 
the Office of National Statistics (the “RPI”);  
(ii) the non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer 
Prices excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor 
index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union excluding tobacco published by 
Eurostat (the “HICP”);  
(iii) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) 
for all households in metropolitan 
France, as

--- Page 16 ---
16 
calculated and published monthly by the Institut 
National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques 
(the “French CPI”);  
(iv) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) in 
Italy, (“Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di 
operai e impiegati (FOI) senza tabacchi”) published 
by Istituto nazionale di statistica (the “Italian 
CPI”); or 
(v) the All Items Consumer Price Index for All 
Urban 
Consumers 
(CPI-U) 
before 
seasonal 
adjustment published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor 
Statistic (the “U.S. CPI”). 
  
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
and 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes (including CMS Linked Notes) 
and Inflation Linked Notes may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or 
both. Interest on Floating Rate Notes (including 
CMS Linked Notes) and Inflation Linked Notes in 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
“Fixed/Floating Rate Notes” may bear interest at a 
rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may 
elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, on the date set out 
in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
“Zero Coupon Notes” will be offered and sold at a 
discount to, or premium over, their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest. 
Optional Redemption: 
Unless the relevant Final Terms provide otherwise, 
the Notes will be redeemable at par at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders on a date or dates (as so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to such 
stated maturity and on other terms pursuant to the 
Conditions. The relevant Final Terms will indicate 
whether the Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Issuer 
on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on other terms 
pursuant to the Conditions. See Condition 9 “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption and 
Purchase”.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be 
subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see “Certain Restrictions–Notes having 
a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
Unless the relevant Final Terms provide otherwise, 
in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have 
the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, 
at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
Maturity Date (as specified in the Final Terms) at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
Unless the relevant Final Terms provide otherwise, 
the Issuer will have a Clean-up Call Option available 
to it in respect of any issue of Notes, and if 80 
percent. or any higher percentage specified in the 
relevant 
Final 
Terms 
(the 
“Clean-up 
Call 
Percentage”) of the initial 
aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt include any additional Notes 
issued subsequently and forming a single series with 
the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have 
been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at their principal amount together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed 
for redemption. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see 
“Certain Restrictions–Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year” above and save that, if such 
allowed or required minimum denomination is below 
€100,000, the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes and any related 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Republic of France, or any authority 
therein or thereof, having the power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by

--- Page 18 ---
18 
law. If French law should require that payments of 
principal or interest in respect of any Note or Coupon 
be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer 
will (subject to certain limited exceptions), to the 
fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as 
the case may be, of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required.  
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision 
as further described in Condition 
4 
(Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 13 
(Events of Default). 
Rating: 
The Issuer’s general long term debt ratings are 
(P)Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH and BBB (stable outlook) by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited. 
The Programme has been rated (P)Baa1 by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH (stable outlook) and BBB 
(stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd. 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH  and S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited are included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited is not established in the UK 
and is not registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. However, the ratings issued by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited are, as the case may be, endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the 
ratings issued by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is 
rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating applicable to the Programme or to the 
Issuer. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold Notes and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. 
Any such revision or withdrawal could adversely 
affect the market value of the Notes. Whether or not 
each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union or in the 
United Kingdom and registered under the CRA 
Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, 
as 
applicable, will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms. In general, European or UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European 
Union or in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA 
Regulation, 
as applicable, 
unless the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom before 7 
June 2010, which has submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
or UK CRA Regulation,  as applicable, and such 
registration is not refused. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for 
Notes issued under this Programme to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a 
Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The applicable Final Terms will state on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets the relevant Notes are to 
be listed and/or admitted to trading.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law (except for the status 
of the Notes, which is governed by French law). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer 
of the Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Japan and 
such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 20 ---
20

--- Page 21 ---
21 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for 
an informed investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the 
Programme are described below. 
The Issuer reasonably believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks 
of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
In each sub-category below, the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, 
taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their 
occurrence. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
Risks relating to the Issuer are described on pages 228 to 237 and 319 to 321 of the Universal 
Registration Document 2021, as defined and further described under “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” in the Base Prospectus and include risks described in this section. 
Concerning the financial risks, the Group is exposed to financial risks, and notably a liquidity 
risk on financing. In particular, in a crisis environment, the Group might be unable to raise the 
financing or refinancing needed to cover its investment plans on the credit or capital markets, 
or to obtain such financing or refinancing on acceptable terms.  
For more information on the liquidity risk and the other financial risks to which the Group is 
exposed, please see note 10.1 to the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2021, presented in Chapter 8 of the Universal Registration Document 2021 and 
reproduced below: 
 
“10.1 Financial risks 
10.1.1 Liquidity risk 
10.1.1.1 Liquidity risk on financing 
In a crisis environment, the Group might be unable to raise the financing or refinancing needed 
to cover its investment plans on the credit or capital markets, or to obtain such financing or 
refinancing on acceptable terms. 
The Group’s overall exposure to liquidity risk on its net debt is managed by the Treasury and 
Financing Department of Compagnie de Saint-Gobain, the Group’s parent company. The 
subsidiaries generally enter into short- or long-term financing arrangements with Compagnie 
de Saint-Gobain or with the regional cash pools. 
The Group’s policy is to ensure that the Group’s financing will be rolled over at maturity and 
to optimize borrowing costs. Long-term debt therefore systematically represents a high

--- Page 22 ---
22 
percentage of overall debt. At the same time, the maturity schedules of long-term debt are set 
in such a way that replacement capital market issues are spread over time. 
The Group’s main source of long-term financing is constituted by bonds, which are generally 
issued under the Medium Term Notes program. The Group also uses lease financing, perpetual 
bonds, participating securities, a long-term securitization program and bank borrowings. 
Short-term debt is composed of borrowings under Negotiable European Commercial Paper 
(NEU CP), and occasionally Euro Commercial Paper and US Commercial Paper, but also 
includes receivables securitization programs and bank financing. The Group also has factoring 
programs. Financial assets comprise marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents. 
Compagnie de Saint-Gobain’s liquidity position is secured by confirmed syndicated lines of 
credit. 
A breakdown of long- and short-term debt by type and maturity is provided in note 10.3, which 
also details the main characteristics of the Group’s financing programs and confirmed credit 
lines. 
Saint-Gobain’s long-term debt issues have been rated BBB with a stable outlook by Standard 
& Poor’s since April 30, 2014 and Baa2 with a stable outlook by Moody’s since June 2, 2014. 
There is no guarantee that the Company will be in a position to maintain its credit risk ratings 
at current levels. Any deterioration in the Group’s credit risk rating could limit its capacity to 
raise funds and could lead to higher rates of interest on future borrowings. 
10.1.1.2 Liquidity risk on investments 
Short-term investments consist of bank deposits and mutual fund units. To reduce liquidity and 
high volatility risks, the Group invests in money market funds and/or bonds whenever possible. 
10.1.2 Financial counterparty credit risk 
The Group is exposed to the risk of default by the financial institutions that manage its cash or 
other financial instruments, since such default could lead to losses for the Group. 
The Group limits its exposure to risk of default by its counterparties by dealing solely with 
reputable financial institutions and regularly monitoring their credit ratings. However, the 
credit quality of a financial counterparty can change rapidly, and a high credit rating cannot 
eliminate the risk of a rapid deterioration of its financial position. As a result, the Group’s 
policy in relation to the selection and monitoring of its counterparties is unable to entirely 
eliminate exposure to a risk of default. 
To limit Compagnie de Saint-Gobain’s exposure to counterparty credit risk, the Treasury and 
Financing Department deals primarily with counterparties with a long-term rating of A- or 
above from Standard & Poor’s or A3 or above from Moody’s. Concentrations of credit risk are 
also closely monitored to ensure that they remain at reasonable levels, taking into account the 
relative CDS (“Credit Default Swap”) level of each counterparty. 
10.1.3 Market risks 
10.1.3.1 Energy and commodity risk 
The Group is exposed to changes in the price of the energy it consumes and the raw materials 
used in its activities. Its energy and commodity hedging programs may be insufficient to protect 
the Group against significant or unforeseen price swings that could result from the prevailing 
financial and economic environment.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
The Group may limit its exposure to energy price fluctuations by using swaps and options to 
hedge part of its fuel oil, natural gas and electricity purchases. The swaps and options are 
mainly contracted in the functional currency of the entities concerned. Hedges of fuel oil, gas 
and electricity purchases are contracted in accordance with the Group’s purchasing policy. 
These hedges (excluding fixed-price purchases negotiated directly with suppliers by the 
Purchasing Department) are generally arranged by the Group Treasury and Financing 
Department (or with regional Treasury Departments) in accordance with instructions received 
from the Purchasing Department. 
From time to time, the Group may enter into contracts to hedge purchases of certain 
commodities or engage in the CO2 emissions market, in accordance with the same principles 
as those outlined above for energy purchases. 
Note 10.4 provides a breakdown of instruments used to hedge energy and commodity risks. 
10.1.3.2 Interest rate risk 
The Group’s overall exposure to interest rate risk on consolidated debt is managed by the 
Treasury and Financing Department of Compagnie de Saint-Gobain. 
The Group’s policy is aimed at fixing and optimizing its medium-term borrowing costs by 
hedging interest rate risk. According to Group policy, the derivative financial instruments used 
to hedge interest rate risk can include interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, options – 
including caps, floors and swaptions – and forward rate agreements. 
The table below shows the sensitivity at December 31, 2021 of pre-tax income and pre-tax 
equity to fluctuations in the interest rate on the Group’s net debt after hedging: 
(in EUR million) 
Impact on pre-tax income 
Impact on pre-tax equity 
Interest rate increase of 50 
basis points 
23 
7 
Interest rate decrease of 50 
basis points 
(23) 
(7) 
 
Note 10.4 provides a breakdown of instruments used to hedge interest rate risk and of gross 
debt by type of interest (fixed or variable) after hedging. 
10.1.3.3 Foreign exchange risk 
The currency hedging policies described below could be insufficient to protect the Group 
against unexpected or sharper than expected fluctuations in exchange rates resulting from 
economic and financial market conditions. 
Foreign exchange risks are managed by hedging virtually all transactions entered into by Group 
entities in currencies other than the functional currency of the particular entity. Compagnie de 
Saint-Gobain and its subsidiaries may use forward contracts and options to hedge exposures 
arising from current and forecast transactions. 
The subsidiaries generally set up contracts through the Group’s parent company, Compagnie 
de Saint-Gobain, which then carries out the corresponding forex hedging transactions on their 
behalf, or through the regional cash pools. Failing this, contracts are taken out with one of the 
subsidiary’s banks. 
Most forward contracts have short maturities of around three months. However, forward 
contracts taken out to hedge firm orders may have longer terms.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
The Group monitors its exposure to foreign exchange risk using a monthly reporting system 
that captures the foreign exchange positions taken by its subsidiaries. At December 31, 2021, 
98% of the Group’s foreign exchange exposure was hedged. 
The residual net foreign exchange exposure of subsidiaries for the currencies presented below 
was as follows at December 31, 2021: 
 
(in EUR millions equivalent) 
Long 
Short 
EUR 
3 
4 
USD 
18 
4 
Other currencies 
0 
2 
TOTAL 
21 
10 
 
The table below gives an analysis, as of December 31, 2021, of the sensitivity of the Group’s 
pre-tax income to a 10% increase in the exchange rates of the following currencies given the 
subsidiaries’ residual net foreign exchange exposure: 
Currency in exposure  
(in millions of euro equivalent) 
Impact on pre-tax income 
EUR 
(0.1) 
USD 
1.4 
Other currencies 
(0.2) 
TOTAL 
1.1 
 
Assuming that all other variables remained unchanged, a 10% fall in the exchange rates for 
these currencies at December 31, 2021 would have the opposite impact.  
Note 10.4 provides a breakdown of instruments used to hedge foreign exchange risk. 
10.1.3.4 Saint-Gobain share price risk 
The Group is exposed to changes in the Saint-Gobain share price as a result of its  performance 
unit incentive plans. To reduce its exposure to fluctuations in the share price, the Group uses 
hedging instruments such as equity swaps.  
As a result, if the price of the Saint-Gobain share changes, any changes in the expense recorded 
in the income statement will be fully offset by the hedges in place. 
Note 10.4 provides a breakdown of instruments used to hedge share price risk.” 
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
1. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may 
have features which contain particular risks for Noteholders. Set out below is a description of 
the most material risks associated with such features:

--- Page 25 ---
25 
1.1 
Early redemption risks 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Unless the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes provide otherwise, the Notes will be 
subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer (including the Clean-up Call Option and 
the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer); if such early redemption option is exercised by 
the Issuer, the Noteholders will be given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice.  
Such right of redemption is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. 
If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right 
of redemption increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower 
than expected, and the amount thus paid on redemption of the Notes (purchased in the 
secondary market) may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. 
As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, 
investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able 
to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes.  
The Issuer has the option to exercise, in whole or in part, the Make-Whole Redemption at the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 9.3 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem 
Notes, such Notes may feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. 
With respect to the Clean-up Call Option provided for in Condition 9.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, pursuant to which the Issuer may redeem Notes at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued (to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption), there 
is no obligation for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the Clean-up Call Percentage 
(specified in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be reached, and the 
Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a 
notice in respect of the exercise of the clean-up call option, the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Partial redemption of Notes at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the Noteholders  
Exercise of the Make-Whole Redemption as provided in Condition 9.3, the Call Option as 
provided in Condition 9.5, the Investor Put as provided in Condition 9.6, or the Put Option in 
case of a Change of Control as provided in Condition 10, of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, in respect of certain Notes only may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series 
in respect of which such option is not exercised.  
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not 
exercised, any trading market in respect of these Notes may become illiquid which, depending 
on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant impact on any remaining 
Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. 
1.2 
Interest rate risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 6.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be 
issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Tranche

--- Page 26 ---
26 
of Notes. In particular, a holder of a Note which pays interest at a fixed rate, is exposed to the 
risk that the market value of such Note could fall as a result of changes in the market interest 
rate. While the nominal interest rate of the fixed rate Notes is fixed during the term of such 
Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets (“market interest rate”) typically varies 
on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes 
would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the 
market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value 
of the Notes would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to 
the market interest rate. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but 
any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the price of the Notes and cause 
Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment.  
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be 
issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate 
and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three 
months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. 
The market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term 
changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected 
in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference 
rate. Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a 
significant adverse effect on the yield, the market value and/or the liquidity of the Floating Rate 
Notes. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the 
amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the 
return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were 
to dispose of its Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
to be issued. Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate 
based upon a reference rate such as EURIBOR or other such reference rate as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, or any successor rate or any alternative rate. The market value of 
those Notes typically is more volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate 
debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest 
rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. Market volatility in 
interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a significant adverse effect on 
the yield, the market value and/or the liquidity of the Inverse Floating Rate Notes and 
Noteholders could receive a lower or no interest on such Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6.2(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The

--- Page 27 ---
27 
conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate may affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market 
values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could be 
exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing 
securities. 
Negative yield  
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. In cases 
where an investor purchases Notes at an issue price that is higher than or equal to the sum of 
the redemption amount and any interest payments on the Notes, such investor may also face 
the risk of no yield or a negative yield in relation to such Notes. 
Range Accrual Notes 
Condition 6.2(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Range Accrual Notes to 
be issued. Range Accrual Notes are Notes which pay interest linked to the performance of the 
reference asset(s) that accrues only on days during a pre-set period on which the performance 
of the reference asset(s) is within a certain pre-determined range. Consequently, the interest 
payable will be lower where the performance of the reference asset(s) was trading outside the 
pre-determined range during such interest period (dependent on the amount of days the 
reference asset is outside the pre-determined range), and may be zero depending on the terms 
of the Notes, which may have a material adverse effect on the market value of such Range 
Accrual Notes. 
The market value of the Range Accrual Notes may be adversely affected by rising implied 
volatility of the reference asset(s) or movements in the performance of such reference asset(s) 
which indicate that the performance of the reference asset(s) will be outside the pre-determined 
range during a relevant period. The market value of the Notes may also be affected by the 
absolute amount of interest payable on the Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Inflation Linked Notes to 
be issued. Inflation Linked Notes differ from ordinary debt securities and the market price of 
such Notes may be volatile since inflation indexes may go down as well as up. Where Notes in 
respect of which the amount of interest payable is subject to adjustment by reference to 
movements in an inflation index are issued, a decrease in such inflation index over the reference 
period will reduce the amount of interest payable in respect of such Notes. In a deflationary

--- Page 28 ---
28 
environment, the annual interest received may be lower than the rate of interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, which would affect the market value of such Inflation Linked Notes. 
Where the amount payable upon redemption of the Notes is subject to adjustment by reference 
to movements in an inflation index, a decrease in the specified inflation index over the reference 
period may reduce the amount to be repaid upon redemption of the Notes to less than the 
nominal amount of the Notes. Noteholders are thus exposed to the risk that changes in the 
levels of the inflation index may adversely affect the market value of Inflation Linked Notes 
and, as a result, Noteholders could lose the value of their entire investment or part of it.  
The future performance of the relevant inflation index during the term of any Inflation Linked 
Notes may differ from their historical performance and may have a negative impact on the 
trading or market value of such Inflation Linked Notes.  
Changes in the method by which EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the 
discontinuation of any benchmark, may adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of the 
Benchmark Notes  
In accordance with Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the rate of interest 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes or Inverse Floating Rate Notes (collectively, the “Benchmark 
Notes”) may be calculated on the basis of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”) or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms (any such 
reference rate, a “Benchmark”), or by reference to a swap rate that is itself based on a 
Benchmark. Accordingly, changes in the method by which any Benchmark is calculated or the 
discontinuation of any Benchmark may impact the rate of interest applicable to Benchmark 
Notes bearing interest on the basis of such Benchmark, and thus their value.  
EURIBOR and certain other Benchmarks have been subject to national and international 
regulatory reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented, and the effect of any such reforms on the Benchmarks are not predictable. 
Following their implementation, the manner of the administration or determination of such 
Benchmarks may change with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or 
their calculation method may be revised, or they could be eliminated entirely. In particular, in 
2019, the method of determination of EURIBOR was changed by its administrator, the 
European Money Markets Institute (the “EMMI”). Because of the change in method, historical 
trends with respect to EURIBOR may not be indicative of trends that might apply on the basis 
of the new determination method. Any of these changes could have a negative impact on the 
value of and return on Benchmark Notes. 
In June 2016, the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”) and, in the United Kingdom, 
the Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK Benchmark Regulation”) applies. The Benchmark Regulation was amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of 10 February 2021, which (i) introduces a harmonised approach 
to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring on the 
Commission or competent national authorities the power to designate a statutory replacement 
for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial 
instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant 
benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) 
or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the Commission or competent national 
authorities; (ii) extends the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until

--- Page 29 ---
29 
the end of 2023; and (iii) empowers the Commission to further extend this transitional period 
until the end of 2025, if necessary. Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development 
through delegated regulations; there are therefore still details to be clarified in relation to the 
potential impact of these legislative developments.  Accordingly, there may be a risk that a 
statutory replacement benchmark may be designated if, for instance, a replacement benchmark 
determined in accordance with the fallback provisions is deemed unsuitable as its application 
no longer reflects or significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality 
that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure (and where certain other conditions are 
satisfied, including one of the parties objecting to the contractually agreed fallback). 
The Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation each provide, among other 
things, that administrators of benchmarks in the European Union (such as the EMMI, which 
currently administers EURIBOR) and in the United Kingdom, respectively must be authorised 
by or registered with regulators, and that they must comply with a code of conduct designed 
primarily to ensure reliability of input data, governing issues such as conflicts of interest, 
internal controls and benchmark methodologies. The Benchmark Regulation and the UK 
Benchmark Regulation could have a negative impact on the value of and return on Benchmark 
Notes, in particular, if the terms of any applicable Benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as 
applicable.  
Changes in the methods pursuant to which EURIBOR or any other Benchmark is determined, 
or the announcement that a Benchmark will be replaced with a successor or alternative 
rate, could result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in the reported values of 
such Benchmark, increased volatility or other effects. If this were to occur, the rate of interest 
on and the trading value of the Benchmark Notes could be adversely affected. 
If EURIBOR or any other Benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the affected 
Benchmark Notes will be changed in ways which may be adverse to the Noteholders, without 
any requirement that the consent of such Noteholders be obtained  
Where screen rate determination is specified as the manner in which the rate of interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, and EURIBOR or another reference rate 
(other than SONIA or SOFR) has been selected as the Reference Rate, Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(A) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that the rate of interest shall be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances 
where the original reference rate is discontinued, neither the relevant screen page, nor any 
successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the relevant screen page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the 
relevant screen page is available, Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(B) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provides for the rate of interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not 
submitting rates for the determination of such original reference rate), the rate of interest may 
ultimately revert to the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding interest determination 
date before the original reference rate was unavailable (and solely in the context that such 
unavailability does not qualify as a benchmark event). Uncertainty as to the continuation of 
such original reference rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that 
would be applicable if such original reference rate is unavailable may adversely affect the value 
of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
If a benchmark event (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an original 
reference rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent 
adviser. The independent adviser shall endeavour to determine a successor rate or alternative 
rate to be used in place of the original reference rate. The use of any such successor rate or 
alternative rate to determine the rate of interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the 
original reference rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of 
interest) than they would do if the original reference rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form. 
Furthermore, if a successor rate or alternative rate for the original reference rate is determined 
by the independent adviser, Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
provides that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such successor rate or alternative rate, without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a successor rate or alternative rate is determined by the independent adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes also provide that an adjustment spread may be determined by the 
independent adviser and applied to such successor rate or alternative rate. The aim of the 
adjustment spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the original reference rate with the successor rate or the alternative rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an 
adjustment spread is applied, such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. If no adjustment spread can 
be determined, a successor rate or alternative rate may nonetheless be used to determine the 
rate of interest. The use of any successor rate or alternative rate (including with the application 
of an adjustment spread) will still result in Notes linked to or referencing the original reference 
rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they 
would if the original reference rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an independent adviser or the independent adviser may 
not be able to determine a successor rate or alternative rate in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an independent adviser in a timely manner, or the 
independent adviser is unable, to determine a successor rate or alternative rate before the next 
interest determination date, the rate of interest for the next succeeding interest period will be 
the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date before the 
occurrence of the benchmark event, or, where the benchmark event occurs before the first 
interest determination date, the rate of interest will be the initial rate of interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an independent adviser or, the independent adviser 
has failed, to determine a successor rate or alternative rate in respect of any given interest 
period, it will continue to attempt to appoint an independent adviser in a timely manner before 
the next succeeding interest determination date and/or to determine a successor rate or 
alternative rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent interest periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial rate of interest, or the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding 
interest determination date before the occurrence of the benchmark event will result in Notes 
linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to 
continue to apply, or if a successor rate or alternative rate could be determined.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an independent adviser or, the independent adviser fails to 
determine a successor rate or alternative rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial rate 
of interest, or the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date 
before the occurrence of the benchmark event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will 
result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. Noteholders may, in 
such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have 
expected if an independent adviser had been determined or if such independent adviser did not 
fail to determine such successor or alternative rate. 
SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a reference rate for Benchmark 
Notes and, as the related market continues to develop, there may be an adverse effect on the 
return on or value of the SOFR-based Notes 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR as set forth in 
Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(F) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Because SOFR is an 
overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer than 
overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the 
relevant interest period, or compounding during the relevant interest period, except during a 
specified period near the end of each interest payment date during which SOFR will be fixed. 
As a consequence of this calculation methods, the amount of interest payable on each interest 
payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment 
date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable 
on such Notes. 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. 
Although the NY Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going 
back to 2014, such prepublication of historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates 
and approximations. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as 
an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Daily changes in the rate may be more volatile 
than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of 
SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less 
volatile daily rates. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR may evolve over time, and trading prices of 
SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a 
result. Similarly, if SOFR does not remain a commonly used rate in securities like the Notes, 
the trading price of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower, and the trading market of SOFR-linked 
Notes less liquid, than those of notes linked to rates that are more widely used. Investors may 
not be able to sell SOFR-linked Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that 
will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a more developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject 
to important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of 
calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time 
without notice. SOFR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is 
calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in 
a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked Notes and a 
reduction in the trading prices of such Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
The market continues to develop in relation to other risk free rates (including overnight rates 
such as SONIA) as reference rates for Benchmark Notes 
The rate of interest on the Notes may also be calculated on the basis of other risk free rates 
such as SONIA as set forth in Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Similarly to SOFR-linked Notes, because SONIA is an overnight funding rate, interest on 
SONIA-based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis 
of SONIA compounded during the relevant interest period except during a specified period 
near the end of each interest payment date during which such risk free rate will be fixed. As a 
consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each interest 
payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment 
date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable 
on such Benchmark Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as SONIA as a reference 
rate in the capital markets and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered 
rates. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates which seek to measure 
the market’s forward expectation of an average rate over a designated term. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to Benchmark Notes 
referencing such reference rates. The nascent development of compounded daily SONIA as an 
interest reference rate, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates, could result 
in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
SONIA-referenced Notes issued under the programme from time to time. 
 
2. Risks related to Notes generally 
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholders could be significant: (i) the 
Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes and (ii) 
the value of the Notes may decrease, and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions for calling meetings 
of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally, including without 
limitation the modification of the Notes. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. In the event where a decision to 
modify the Notes would be adopted by a defined majority of Noteholders and such 
modifications would impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Notes. However, it remains unlikely that a defined majority 
of Noteholders adopt a decision that would have a negative impact on the market value of the 
Notes since it would be against their own interest. 
Insolvency of the Issuer 
Under French insolvency law, as amended by the newly enacted ordinance No 2021-1193 dated 
15 September 2021 implementing EU directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning 
restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (the 
“Ordinance”), if a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde) or an accelerated safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) is opened in France with respect to the Issuer 
or if a reorganisation plan is contemplated, as part of a judicial reorganisation procedure 
(redressement judiciaire) opened in France in respect thereof, the Noteholders shall be treated 
as affected parties to the extent their rights are impacted by the proposed plan and assigned to 
a class of affected parties. 
The draft plan prepared by the debtor, with the assistance of the court-appointed administrator, 
is submitted to the vote of the classes of affected parties (at a two-third majority in each class), 
which cannot propose their own competing plan in safeguard proceedings (as opposed to 
judicial reorganisation proceedings). 
In such circumstances, the provisions relating to the meetings of Noteholders, provided for in 
Condition 18 (“Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Waivers and Substitution”) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or contained in the Agency Agreement, respectively, will 
not be applicable. 
If the draft plan has been approved by each class of affected parties, the Court approves the 
plan (i) after verifying that certain statutory protections to dissenting affected parties are 
complied with, and (ii) unless there is no reasonable prospect that it would enable the debtor to 
avoid cash-flow insolvency or ensure the sustainability of its business. 
If the draft plan has not been approved by all classes of affected parties, such plan may (at the 
request of the debtor or of the court-appointed administrator subject to the debtor’s approval 
(or at the request of an affected party’s in judicial reorganisation proceedings only)) be imposed 
on the dissenting class(es) of affected parties subject to the satisfaction of certain statutory 
conditions (known as the “cross-class cramdown mechanism”). 
In light of the above, the dissenting vote of the Noteholders within their class of affected parties 
may be overridden within such class or by application of the cross-class cramdown mechanism. 
The risk of having the Noteholders’ claims termed out for up to ten years by the Court would 
only exist if no class of affected parties is formed in safeguard or judicial reorganisation 
proceedings, or in case no plan can be adopted following the class-based consultation process 
in judicial reorganisation (only). 
As a result, if the Issuer were to become insolvent and/or were subject to any insolvency 
proceedings (such as safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or a liquidation 
procedure (liquidation judiciaire)), application of French 
insolvency law could affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes and return to 
investors on the Notes may thus be limited or delayed. The commencement of any such 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could therefore have a material adverse impact on 
the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes and Noteholders could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. In addition, any decisions taken by the class of affected parties to 
which the Noteholders belong or by the Court in case of cross-class cramdown, as the case may 
be, could negatively impact the holders of the Issuer’s debt and securities (including the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Noteholders) and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to 
recover amounts due to them by the Issuer. 
Trading in the clearing systems 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a minimum denomination and are tradeable in the 
clearing systems in amounts above such minimum denomination which are smaller than it, 
should definitive Notes be required to be issued, a Noteholder who does not have an integral 
multiple of the minimum denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive all of his entitlement in the form of definitive Notes unless and 
until such time as his holding becomes an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. In 
such circumstances, the market value of the Notes may be negatively affected and such 
Noteholder may lose all or part of his investment. See Condition 1 “Form, Currency, 
Denomination and Title” of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
3. Risks related to the trading market of the Notes 
Risks related to the secondary market  
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Notes may have no established trading market when 
issued, and there can be no assurance that an active trading market will develop in the future. 
If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and the Notes may trade at a discount to 
their initial offering price depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Therefore, 
there is a significant risk that Noteholders will not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest 
rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Specified Currency”), in accordance with Condition 1 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions 
if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If such risk were to materialise, 
Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a 
Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections set out in 
the cross-references tables below from the following documents: 
 the document d’enregistrement universel 2021 in the French language of the Issuer 
which received a registration number D.22-0132 from the AMF on 22 March 2022 (the 
“Universal Registration Document 2021”) (available 
on https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/saint-
gobain.com/files/media/document/SGO_URD_2021_FR_220321-MEL-
20H55_HD.pdf) 
 the document d’enregistrement universel 2020 in the French language of the Issuer 
which received a registration number n° D.21-0152 from the AMF on 18 March 2021 
(the "Universal Registration Document 2020") (available on https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/sgo_urd2020_fr_mel2_210318.pdf); 
 the terms and conditions of the notes contained in: 
o the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 11 April 2019 (the “2019 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(available 
on: 
https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/2019_04_11_base_prospectus.pdf); 
o the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 July 2018 (the “2018 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(available 
on: 
https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/2018_07_13_base_prospectus.pdf); 
o the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 July 2017 (the “2017 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(available 
on: 
https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/2017_07_12_base_prospectus.pdf); 
o the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 27 July 2016 (the “2016 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(available 
on: 
https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/2016_07_27_base_prospectus.pdf); 
o the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 17 July 2015 (the “2015 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(available 
on: 
https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/2015_07_17_base_prospectus.pdf); 
o the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 17 July 2014 (the “2014 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(available 
on: 
https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/2014_07_17_base_prospectus.pdf);

--- Page 37 ---
37 
o the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 17 July 2013 (the “2013 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(available 
on: 
https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/2013_07_17_base_prospectus.pdf); 
o the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 September 2012 (the “2012 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(available 
on: 
https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/2012_07_19_base_prospectus.pdf); and 
o the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 July 2011 (the “2011 EMTN 
Conditions”) 
(available 
on: 
https://www.saint-
gobain.com/sites/sgcom.master/files/2011_07_20_base_prospectus.pdf), 
the documents referred to above being together defined the “EMTN Previous Conditions”. 
Any statement contained in the Base Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated by 
reference herein, and forming part of the Base Prospectus, shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, to the extent that a statement contained in 
any supplement thereto or in any document subsequently incorporated by reference, modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, 
to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, 
free of charge, from (i) the website of the Issuer (www.saint-gobain.com/fr/finance), (ii) the 
registered office of the Issuer or (iii) from the offices of the Paying Agent set out at the end of 
this Base Prospectus during normal business hours. 
The Universal Registration Document 2021 and the Universal Registration Document 2020 are 
also available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
The documents incorporated by reference have been filed with the AMF. 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection 
with the cross-reference list below. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list below but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Such information is either 
(i) not considered by the Issuer to be relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or (ii) 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Such information shall be considered as additional 
information, not required by the schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus (unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) and has not been 
scrutinized or approved by the AMF. 
The English translations of the Universal Registration Document 2021 and the Universal 
Registration Document 2020 are available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.saint-

--- Page 38 ---
38 
gobain.com/en/finance/regulated-information/universal-registration-document-including-
annual-financial-report). Such English translations are available for information purposes only 
and are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Only the French versions of the Universal Registration Document 2021 and the Universal 
Registration Document 2020 may be relied upon. 
 
Prospectus Regulation 
–Annex VII 
Universal Registration 
Document 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 2020 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
Pages 228 to 237 and 319 
to 321 
 
4 
INFORMATION 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
4.1 
History and 
development of the 
Issuer: 
 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and 
commercial name of the 
Issuer. 
Pages 13 and 374 
 
4.1.2 
The place of registration 
of the Issuer and its 
registration number and 
legal entity identifier 
(“LEI”). 
Pages 264 and 374 
 
4.1.3 
The date of 
incorporation and the 
length of life of the 
Issuer, except where the 
period is indefinite. 
Page 374 
 
4.1.4 
the domicile and legal 
form of the Issuer, the 
legislation under which 
the Issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, 
and the address and 
telephone number of its 
registered office (or 
principal place of 
business if different 
from its registered 
office) and website of 
the Issuer, if any, with a 
disclaimer that the 
information on the 
website does not form 
part of the Base 
Page 374

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Prospectus Regulation 
–Annex VII 
Universal Registration 
Document 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 2020 
Prospectus unless that 
information is 
incorporated by 
reference into the Base 
Prospectus. 
4.1.5 
Any recent events 
particular to the Issuer 
and which are to a 
material extent relevant 
to the evaluation of the 
Issuer’s solvency. 
Pages 20 to 23 and 368 to 
369 
 
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned 
to the Issuer at the 
request or with the 
cooperation of the Issuer 
in the rating process. 
Page 319 
 
5 
BUSINESS 
OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities: 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the 
Issuer’s principal 
activities stating the 
main categories of 
products sold and/or 
services performed. 
Pages 6 to 12, 18 to 19, 
24 to 31 and 38 to 67  
 
5.2 
The basis for any 
statements made by the 
Issuer regarding its 
competitive position. 
Pages 30 and 32 
 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a 
group, a brief description 
of the group and of the 
Issuer’s position within 
the group. 
Pages 7, 8, 13, 332 to 
334, 343, 348 to 349 and 
368 to 369 
 
7 
TREND 
INFORMATION 
 
 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Prospectus Regulation 
–Annex VII 
Universal Registration 
Document 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 2020 
9.1 
Names, business 
addresses and functions 
within the Issuer of the 
following persons, and 
an indication of the 
principal activities 
performed by them 
outside of the Issuer 
where these are 
significant with respect 
to that Issuer: 
(a) members of the 
administrative, 
management or 
supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with 
unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited 
partnership with a share 
capital. 
Pages 34 to 35 and 155 to 
162 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management, and 
supervisory bodies 
conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of 
interests between any 
duties to the Issuer of the 
persons referred to in 
item 9.1, and their 
private interests and or 
other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the 
event that there are no 
such conflicts, a 
statement to that effect 
must be made. 
Page 166 
 
10 
MAJOR 
SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to 
the Issuer, state whether 
the Issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom 
and describe the nature 
of such control, and 
Pages 9 and 261 to 263

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Prospectus Regulation 
–Annex VII 
Universal Registration 
Document 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 2020 
describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such 
control is not abused. 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER’S ASSETS 
AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND 
LOSSES 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
11.1.1 Historical financial 
information covering the 
latest two financial years 
(at least 24 months) or 
such shorter period as 
the Issuer has been in 
operation. 
Pages 274 to 334 
Pages 264 to 327 
11.1.3  Accounting Standards  
The 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
prepared according 
to 
International 
Financial 
Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union 
based 
on 
Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 
is 
not 
applicable the financial 
statements 
must 
be 
prepared according to:  
(a) a Member State’s 
national 
accounting 
standards 
for 
issuers 
from the EEA as required 
by 
Directive 
2013/34/EU;  
(b) a third 
country’s 
national 
accounting 
standards equivalent to 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
Pages 282 and 283 
Pages 272 and 273

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Prospectus Regulation 
–Annex VII 
Universal Registration 
Document 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 2020 
1606/2002 
for 
third 
country issuers.  
Otherwise the following 
information 
must 
be 
included 
in 
the 
registration document:  
(a) a prominent statement 
that 
the 
financial 
information included in 
the registration document 
has not been prepared in 
accordance 
with 
International 
Financial 
Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union 
based 
on 
Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002 and 
that 
there 
may 
be 
material differences in 
the financial information 
had Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 been applied 
to the historical financial 
information;  
(b) 
immediately 
following the historical 
financial information 
a 
narrative description of 
the differences  
between Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 as adopted 
by the Union and the 
accounting 
principles 
adopted by the issuer in 
preparing 
its 
annual 
financial statements. 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial 
statements  
If the issuer prepares 
both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial 
statements, include at 
least the consolidated 
financial statements in 
Pages 274 to 334 
Pages 264 to 327

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Prospectus Regulation 
–Annex VII 
Universal Registration 
Document 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 2020 
the registration 
document. 
11.1.6 Age of financial 
information  
The balance sheet date 
of the last year of 
audited financial 
information may not be 
older than 18 months 
from the date of the 
registration document. 
Pages 274 and 275 
Pages 264 and 265 
11.2  
Auditing of historical 
financial information 
Pages 335 to 338 
Pages 328 to 332 
11.2.1 The historical financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently 
audited. 
The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance 
with 
the 
Directive 
2014/56/EU 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
537/2014. 
Pages 335 to 338 
Pages 328 to 332 
11.2.1 
(a) 
Where audit reports on 
the historical 
financial 
information 
have been 
refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they 
contain 
qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers 
or 
an 
emphasis of matter, the 
reason must be given, 
and such qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis 
of 
matter 
must 
be 
reproduced in full. 
 
 
11.3  
Legal and arbitration 
proceedings 
Information on any 
governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings 
(including any such 
proceedings which are 
Pages 233 to 236, 315 to 
319 and 359 to 362

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Prospectus Regulation 
–Annex VII 
Universal Registration 
Document 2021 
Universal Registration 
Document 2020 
pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is 
aware), during a period 
covering at least the 
previous 12 months 
which may have, or have 
had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the 
Issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or 
profitability, or provide 
an appropriate negative 
statement. 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, solely 
for the purpose of further issues of Notes so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with the outstanding Notes (i.e. tap issues of existing Notes). 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
 
2011 EMTN Conditions .........................................................................  Pages 40 to 69 
2012 EMTN Conditions .........................................................................  Pages 40 to 78 
2013 EMTN Conditions .........................................................................  Pages 41 to 77 
2014 EMTN Conditions .........................................................................  Pages 42 to 78 
2015 EMTN Conditions .........................................................................  Pages 62 to 
121 
2016 EMTN Conditions .........................................................................  Pages 63 to 
121 
2017 EMTN Conditions .........................................................................  Pages 64 to 
123 
2018 EMTN Conditions .........................................................................  Pages 69 to 
130 
2019 EMTN Conditions .........................................................................  Pages 32 to 89

--- Page 45 ---
45 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENTS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/979, the Issuer will prepare and make 
available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which shall constitute a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. Such supplement to this Base Prospectus will be submitted to 
the AMF for approval. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish 
a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case 
only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions.  
The applicable Final Terms in respect of Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be 
made to “Form of Final Terms” in respect of Notes for a description of the content of Final 
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a “Global Note”), units of the 
lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of the agency agreement (as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) 
dated 13 October 2006, as amended and restated on 17 July 2015, 7 September 2016, 11 April 
2019, 9 June 2020, 16 June 2021 and 13 July 2022, and made between Compagnie de Saint-
Gobain (the “Issuer”), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as issuing and principal paying 
agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor agent) and 
the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents); Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch, as exchange rate agent (the “Exchange Rate Agent”, which expression shall 
include any successor exchange rate agent) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar 
(the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch, as a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together 
with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor transfer agents). 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any 
reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed 
to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered and Global Notes do not have Coupons 
or Talons attached on issue. 
The relevant final terms for each issue of the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set 
out in Part A of the applicable Final Terms, which supplement these terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) and specify the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Notes pursuant 
to the Conditions. References to the applicable Final Terms are references to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof). 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in

--- Page 47 ---
47 
whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean 
the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders 
of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (as 
amended and restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 13 July 2022 and 
made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary 
for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (as defined 
below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the “Deed Poll”) dated 13 July 2022 and made by the Issuer and the Deed 
of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office 
of each of the Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such 
Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the “Agents”). Copies of the applicable 
Final Terms may be obtained from Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Winchester House, 1 
Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more 
than 365 days and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: “ANY UNITED STATES 
PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE”. 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in 
respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
1. 
FORM, CURRENCY, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the 
Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes (including CMS Linked Notes), 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Inflation 
Linked Notes, or Zero Coupon Notes, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the interest basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. The Specified Denomination of 
the Notes may be Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollar, Yen and, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
and provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme (“Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg”), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of 
the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note 
(as defined below) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note 
and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered owner 
or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be 
considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note 
for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in 
accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised 
by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A., Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in 
definitive form, registered in the name of the holder thereof (“Definitive IAI Registered 
Notes”). Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of U.S.$500,000 and integral multiples 
of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate equivalents in the applicable Specified 
Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Institutional Accredited Investors that hold Definitive IAI 
Registered Notes may not elect to hold such Notes through DTC, but transferees acquiring the 
Notes in transactions exempt from Securities Act registration pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 
144 under the Securities Act (if available) may do so upon satisfaction of the requirements 
applicable to such transfer as described under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. The Rule 144A Global Note (as defined below) and the Definitive IAI Registered 
Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, 
by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems 
acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial 
interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the 
rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such 
Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a 
successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in Definitive Form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders 
must (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) 
complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such 
transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar 
may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 
6 to the Programme Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this

--- Page 50 ---
50 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of 
the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable 
fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of 
the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a 
new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of 
the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note 
in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will 
be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of Transfer upon Partial Redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 9.5 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), the Issuer 
shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of Registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may 
be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of Interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder 
of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United 
States or who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a 
“Transfer Certificate”), copies of which are available from the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the 
transferor of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such 
transfer is being made: 
(A) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in 
a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(B) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, together 
with, in the case of (B), a duly executed investment letter from 
the relevant transferee substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (an “IAI Investment Letter”); or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to an exemption from the Securities Act, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may 
reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that

--- Page 51 ---
51 
such transfer qualifies for such an exemption and is in compliance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may only take delivery through a Legended 
Note in global or definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take 
delivery only through a Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period (i) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a 
participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (ii) such certification 
requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of Interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation 
S Global Note, upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed 
Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is 
being made in accordance with Regulation S and that in the case of a 
Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, 
if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes being 
transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended 
Note: 
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably 
believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A, without certification (except as specified below, 
where the transferor is a holder of a Definitive IAI Registered 
Note); or 
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, 
subject to delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from 
the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made to an 
Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed 
IAI Investment Letter from the relevant transferee; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to an exemption from the Securities Act, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may 
reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that 
such transfer qualifies for such an exemption and is in compliance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with (i) any applicable securities laws of any State of 
the United States or any other jurisdiction and (ii) when the transferor is a holder of a

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Definitive IAI Registered Note, the terms of the IAI Investment Letter executed by such 
transferor. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A 
or outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such 
QIBs or non-U.S. investors through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg, as appropriate, and the Registrar will arrange for any Notes which are the 
subject of such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, 
where applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific 
request for removal of the legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or 
refuse to remove the legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer 
such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may 
include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the legend nor the restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the 
Securities Act. 
(g) 
Exchanges and Transfers of Registered Notes Generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than holders of Definitive IAI 
Registered Notes, may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note 
of the same type at any time. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means the period that ends 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution (for purposes of Regulation S) of each Tranche of Notes; 
“Institutional Accredited Investor” means accredited investors as defined in Rule 
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act that are institutions; 
“Legended Note” means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to 
Institutional Accredited Investors and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or 
represented by a Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in 
accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A; 
“QIB” means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
“Registered Global Note” means a Regulation S Global Note or a Rule 144A Global 
Note; 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
“Regulation S Global Note” means a global Registered Note representing Notes sold 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
“Rule 144A” means Rule 144A under the Securities Act;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
“Rule 144A Global Note” means a global Registered Note representing Notes sold in 
private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A; and 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
STATUS 
The Notes (including 
any relative Coupons) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) and corresponding 
provisions in the Agency Agreement) unsecured obligations of the Issuer without any 
preference among themselves and will rank at least equally with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (subject to such exceptions as 
are from time to time mandatory under French law). 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
(a) 
So long as any Note remains Outstanding and unpaid, the Issuer will not, and will not 
permit any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to, issue, assume or guarantee any 
Indebtedness (as defined below) secured by a Lien (as defined below) upon or with 
respect to any Principal Property, without making effective provision whereby all the 
Notes shall be directly secured equally and rateably with the Indebtedness secured by 
such Lien; provided that these provisions shall not apply to the creation, incurrence, 
assumption or existence of: (i) any Lien created by its Consolidated Subsidiary in 
favour of the Issuer or any wholly owned Consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer; (ii) 
Liens on any asset of a corporation existing at the time it becomes a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer, provided that such Lien was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of 
such corporation; (iii)  any Lien created over any asset acquired by the Issuer, or such 
Consolidated Subsidiary after 12 December 2008, to secure Indebtedness incurred to 
finance the acquisition of such asset simultaneously with the creation of such Lien if 
the Indebtedness incurred does not exceed the price of the asset acquired; (iv) any Lien 
existing as of 12 December 2008; (v)  any refinancing, extension, renewal or 
replacement of any of the Indebtedness secured by Liens referred to above, provided 
that the principal amount of the Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased and such 
Lien is not spread to cover any additional assets; and (vi) Indebtedness secured by Liens 
upon or with respect to any Principal Property, other than those permitted in Conditions 
4(a)(i) through (v) above, provided that immediately after the incurrence of any such 
Lien under this Condition 4(a)(vi), the aggregate outstanding amount of indebtedness 
secured by Liens under this Condition 4(a)(vi) plus the aggregate Attributable Debt (as 
defined below) in respect of the Sale and Leaseback Transactions (as defined below) 
permitted by the provisions of clause (b) below shall not exceed 15% of Consolidated 
Net Tangible Assets of the Issuer (as defined below). A certificate of the Auditors 
(Deloitte & Associés and KPMG Audit, a department of KPMG S.A.) (or such other 
firm of independent public accountants which may at the time be independent public 
accountants for the Issuer,) shall be conclusive evidence as to the amount, at the date 
specified in such certificate, of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the Issuer. 
(b) 
So long as any Note remains Outstanding and unpaid, the Issuer will not, and will not 
permit any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangement with any 
Person (as defined below) providing for the leasing by it, or any of its Subsidiaries of 
any Principal Property which has been or is to be sold or transferred by it, or such 
Consolidated Subsidiary to such Person or to any other Person to whom funds have

--- Page 54 ---
54 
been or are to be advanced by such Person on the security of such Principal Property (a 
Sale and Leaseback Transaction). Each of the Issuer and any of its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries may enter into a Sale and Leaseback Transaction which would otherwise 
be prohibited by the foregoing sentence, if (A) within 90 days of the effective date of 
any such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, an amount equal to the fair value (as 
determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) of the Principal Property so leased 
is applied to the retirement of long-term Indebtedness of the Issuer, or (B) immediately 
after entering into such transaction the Attributable Debt in respect of such and other 
Sale and Leaseback Transactions plus the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness 
secured by Liens on Principal Properties then outstanding do not at the time exceed 
15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. Attributable Debt means with respect to a 
Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted 
at the Rate of Interest implicit in the terms of the lease involved in such Sale and 
Leaseback Transaction, as determined in good faith by the Issuer) of the obligation of 
the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts 
required to be paid by such lessee, whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, 
on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments, water 
rates and similar charges or any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder 
contingent upon monetary inflation or the amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, 
insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term 
of such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may at 
the option of the lessor, be extended). A certificate of the Auditors (Deloitte & Associés 
and KPMG Audit, a department of KPMG S.A.) (or such other firm of independent 
public accountants as shall at the time be independent public accountants for the Issuer) 
shall be conclusive evidence as to the amount, at the date specified in such certificate 
of Attributable Debt. 
(c) 
Definitions – as used above, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
“Consolidated Net Tangible Assets” means the excess over current liabilities 
of all assets properly appearing on a consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer 
and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, less goodwill, trademarks, patents, deferred 
software costs, other like intangibles and the minority interests of others in 
Subsidiaries; 
“Consolidated Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of the Issuer, the accounts of 
which are consolidated with those of the Issuer in accordance with IFRS; 
“indebtedness” means, with respect to any person, (A) any indebtedness for 
borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services and 
(B) all obligations which, under IFRS, are required to be recorded as capitalised 
leases on the consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer; 
“Lien” means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien or other 
encumbrance; 
“Person” means any individual, partnership, joint venture, firm, corporation, 
association, trust or other enterprise or any government or political subdivision 
or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
“Principal Property” means, as of any date, any building, structure or other 
facility together with the land upon which it is erected and fixtures comprising 
a part thereof used primarily for manufacturing, processing or production and 
owned or leased or to be owned or leased by the Issuer or any of its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries, and in each case the net book value of which as of such date 
exceeds 2% of the Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the Issuer, as shown on 
its audited consolidated balance sheet contained in its latest annual report to 
shareholders, other than any such land, building, structure or other facility or 
portion thereof which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, as 
applicable, is not of material importance to the business conducted by the Issuer 
and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise; and 
“Subsidiary” means any corporation of which shares of stock of each class 
having ordinary voting power (other than, stock having such power only by 
reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of 
directors or other managers of such corporation are at the time owned by the 
Issuer or by one or more its Subsidiaries or by the Issuer and one or more of its 
Subsidiaries (a Subsidiary shall be deemed wholly owned by a person who owns 
all of the voting shares of such Subsidiary except for directors’ qualifying 
shares). 
5. 
REDENOMINATION 
5.1 Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, on 
giving prior notice to the Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
and at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, 
the Notes shall be redenominated in Euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated in Euro in the denomination of 
Euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note equal to the nominal amount 
of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into Euro at the Established 
Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Agent, 
that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination in Euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified 
above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with 
such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the 
stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
Condition 5.1(d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will 
be calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) 
for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be 
rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, 
they shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of Euro 
100,000 and higher integral multiples of Euro 1,000 in excess thereof; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons 
denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) 
will become void with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice 
(the “Exchange Notice”) that replacement Euro-denominated Notes and 
Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such securities are so 
available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes so issued will also become void on that 
date although those Notes will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer. New Euro-denominated Notes and Coupons will be 
issued in exchange for Notes and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Agent may specify and as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given 
less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the 
Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing 
before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in Euro as though 
references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to Euro. Payments will 
be made in Euro by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account 
to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a Euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after 
the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other 
than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention; 
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms will specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to 
interest; and 
(h) 
such other changes shall be made to this Condition as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to 
conform it to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in Euro. 
5.2 Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency 
(including compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable

--- Page 57 ---
57 
European Community regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty; 
“Euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
“Redenomination Date” means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for 
payment of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in 
each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to 
Condition 5.1 (Redenomination – Redenomination) above and which falls on or after 
the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union; and 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to the Maturity Date. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, 
such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)“ is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number

--- Page 58 ---
58 
of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
twelve 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to (but excluding) the next Determination Date 
(including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is 
not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and 
ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, one cent. 
6.2 Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked 
Notes  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note, Inverse Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrears on either (each such 
date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment 
Date”): 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each “Interest Period” 
(which expression shall, in the Conditions, mean the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day 
in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in 
the case of Notes in definitive form only, where they are also so 
open, in the relevant place of presentation; and

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(B) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency 
other than Euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the relevant Specified Currency or (ii) in relation to any sum 
payable in Euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will be determined either according to ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as may be 
supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
as published by the ISDA, as may be supplemented or amended from time to time, in 
their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate or CMS Rate 
to be determined on an Interest Determination Date (as defined below), the financial 
centre as may be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference Rate or CMS Rate is 
most closely connected (which in the case of the Euro Inter-bank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) shall be the euro area). 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service (including, but not limited to, the Reuters Money 3000 
Service (“Reuters”)) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose 
of providing a Reference Rate or CMS Reference Rate, as the case may be, or such 
other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the 
person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate or CMS 
Reference Rate, as the case may be. 
“Relevant Time” (i) where Screen Date Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, means, with 
respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant Financial 
Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the Relevant Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and, 
where the primary source for the Floating Rate is a Relevant Screen Page, the time as 
of which the Relevant Rate(s) appearing on such Relevant Screen Page is or are set and

--- Page 61 ---
61 
posted on such Relevant Screen Page and for this purpose “local time” means, with 
respect to Europe and the Eurozone as a Relevant Financial Centre, Central European 
Time or (ii) where CMS Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, has the meaning specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(i) ISDA Determination  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). In case of Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes, the interest rate is equal to a fixed base rate minus a rate based upon 
a reference rate. For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(i), “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (together, the 
“ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (a) if the applicable Floating 
Rate Option is based on the Euro interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the first day of that Interest Period or (b) in any 
other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
and “Compounding” is specified as applicable, the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method will be one of the following as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) Compounding with Lookback; 
(2) Compounding with Observation Period Shift; 
(3) Compounding with Lockout; 
(4) OIS Compounding; or 
(5) any other method of compounding an overnight 
rate that is set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
and “Averaging” is specified as applicable, the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method will be one of the following as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) Averaging with Lookback; 
(2) Averaging with Observation Period Shift; 
(3) Averaging with Lockout; 
(4) Overnight Averaging; or 
(5) any other method of averaging that is set out in 
the Final Terms. 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
and “Index Provisions” is specified as applicable, the Index 
Method will be one of the following as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(1) Standard Index Method; 
(2) All-In Compounded Index Method; 
(3) Compounded Index Method; 
(4) Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift; or 
(5) any other method of determining a Floating Rate 
using an Index Floating Rate Option that is set 
out in the Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method and the Index Method, references in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation 
shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for 
such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(i), “All-In Compounded Index 
Method”, “Averaging with Lookback”, “Averaging with Lockout”, 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Compounded Index Method”, “Compounded Index Method with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lookback”, 
“Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift”, “Designated Maturity”, “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“OIS Compounding”, “Overnight Averaging”, “Overnight Floating Rate 
Option”, “Overnight Rate Averaging Method”, “Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method”, “Reset Date” and “Standard Index Method” have 
the meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
If the specified ISDA Rate is not available, the applicable interest rate will be 
determined according to the fallback rules of the relevant Floating Rate Option 
under the ISDA Definitions. 
 In such circumstances, the “Fallback 
Observation Day” (as used under the ISDA Definitions) shall mean “the date 
which 
is 5 Business 
Days preceding 
the related Payment Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under the ISDA Definitions, the 
Calculation Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including 
in determining the fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions require 
the Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretion, the Issuer will provide 
written direction to the Calculation Agent specifying how such discretion 
should be exercised, and the Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively 
rely on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance 
therewith. 
(ii) Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is not specified as being SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the rate specified as “Reference 
Rate” in the relevant Final Terms (the “Reference Rate”) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time 
(11.00 a.m. Brussels time if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Relevant Time”) on the interest 
determination date as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Interest 
Determination Date”) in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations. 
In case of Inverse Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate is equal to a fixed base 
rate minus a rate based upon the Reference Rate. 
(B) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 
6.2(b)(ii)(A)(1) immediately above, no offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(A)(2) immediately above, fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, the Issuer 
and/or an agent appointed by the Issuer shall request, (i) if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Banks, or (ii) if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
If paragraph (B) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall 
be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR) or such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Relevant Inter-Bank Market”), as the case may be, plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Relevant 
Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(ii), “Reference Banks” means 
the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) 
that is most closely connected with the Benchmark; (which, if EURIBOR 
is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone).

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(D) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be the rate of return of Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
 
where: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the 
Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Period (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated in accordance with the formula specified above; 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the observation 
method in the applicable Final Terms (the “Observation 
Method”), the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“d0” is: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” is, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from 
and including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the 
following London Banking Day “i+1”; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Observation Look-Back Period” 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that such number shall 
not be, in any events, inferior to five London Banking Days (or 
if no such number is specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that such number shall not be, 
in any events, inferior to five London Banking Days (or if no 
such number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
“SONIA Reference Rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the London Banking Day

--- Page 67 ---
67 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day “i”; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant London 
Banking Day “i”; 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over 
the previous “p” London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference 
Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on 
which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) 
above.  
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Reference Rate is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for 
the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the 
scheduled first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal

--- Page 68 ---
68 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the scheduled first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and 
the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(E) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified as being SONIA, and Index Determination is 
specified as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as determined by reference to the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the 
SONIA Reference Rate that is published or displayed by such administrator 
or other information service from time to time at the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the “SONIA Compounded Index”) and in accordance with 
the following formula plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined and calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
( SONIA Compounded Index𝑒𝑛𝑑
SONIA Compounded Index𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (365
𝑑) 
Where: 
“SONIA Compounded Indexstart” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period; 
“SONIA Compounded Indexend” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period);

--- Page 69 ---
69 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SONIA Compounded Indexstart is determined to (but excluding) 
the day in relation to which SONIA Compounded Indexend is determined; 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“Specified Time” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by 
the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or other information service 
at the Specified Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the SONIA Compounded Index for the 
applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not 
available shall be the “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(D) above as if the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms were “SONIA” and “Index 
Determination” was specified as “Not Applicable” in the Final Terms, and 
for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be 
“Observation Shift”, and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if 
those alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and 
the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(F) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined as follows: 
(1) if “SOFR Arithmetic Mean” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during 
the period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), where the 
SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the 
days in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded); or 
(2) if “SOFR Lockout Compound” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be USDSOFR-LOCKOUT-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); or

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(3) if “SOFR Lookback Compound” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be USDSOFR-LOOKBACK-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(4) if “SOFR Shift Compound” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest of each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFRSHIFT-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(5) if “SOFR Index Average” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be USDSOFR-INDEX-
AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of calculating SOFR Index Average, subject to the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) of the definition of “SOFR” below, if the SOFR 
Index is not published on any relevant Index Determination Date and a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” shall be 
calculated, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, on any 
Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Period, in accordance 
with the “USD-SOFRSHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation 
Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to two U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days. 
Benchmark Transition Event 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer (provided 
that such other entity (i) has appropriate expertise to carry out such role as 
determined by the Issuer and (ii) is independent from the Issuer) (the 
“SOFR Replacement Agent”) determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate Notes or 
the Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes, as applicable, 
in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates (subject to any further subsequent operation of this provision in respect 
of such replacement benchmark). 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Agent will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be

--- Page 71 ---
71 
made by the Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(F) including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent or the 
SOFR Replacement Agent, as applicable, acting in good faith and in a 
commercial and reasonable manner; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the documentation relating to the Programme or the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other 
party. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(F) will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
the Conditions, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(F): 
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as 
follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SOFR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in chronological 
order from, and including, 
the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”

--- Page 72 ---
72 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i +1”; 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR 
Interest Reset Date; 
 “SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; provided, 
however, that the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset 
Date in the period from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date 
to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an 
Interest Period, will be the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date for such Interest Period; 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
(∏(1 +
SOFR𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in chronological 
order from, and including, 
the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i+1”; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days);

--- Page 73 ---
73 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period; 
“SOFRi” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, SOFRi for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SOFR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in chronological 
order from, and including, 
the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i+1”; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date that is a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Period preceding the first date in such Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Period, 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; 
“Observation Shift Period” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i”, the SOFR in respect of this U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” means the rate of return of a 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
Where: 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
day in relation to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but 
excluding) day in relation to which the SOFR IndexEnd is 
determined. 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published on the NY 
Federal Reserve’s website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) 
on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value for the day which 
is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period (an 
“Index Determination Date”). 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value for the day which 
is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest 
Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (ii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined 
by the Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Agent, as applicable, 
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or 
the SOFR Replacement Agent, as applicable, as of the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) determined by the Calculation Agent or the SOFR 
Replacement Agent, as applicable, giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
for 
U.S. 
dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of “Interest Period”, the timing 
and frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest period and 
making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or the 
SOFR Replacement Agent, as applicable, decides may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or 
the SOFR Replacement Agent, as applicable, decides that the adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Agent, as applicable, 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 76 ---
76 
exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or the SOFR 
Replacement Agent, as applicable, determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published 
component used in the calculation 
thereof, where 
applicable): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant); or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein, 
provided that, in the event of any public statement or publication of 
information as referenced in (i) or (ii) above, should such event or 
circumstance referred to in such a public statement or publication occur on 
a date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant public statement 
or publication, the Benchmark Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on 
the date falling three (3) months prior to such specified date (and not the 
date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date 
will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof, if relevant): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor of the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the Benchmark (or such

--- Page 77 ---
77 
component, if relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), which states that the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), announcing that either the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) (i) is no longer 
representative, (ii) has been or will be prohibited from being 
used or (iii) its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
relevant Notes. 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen 
designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
“Interest Payment Date” means each date designated as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Margin” means the margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“NY Federal Reserve’s website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (the “NY Federal Reserve”), currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the NY Federal 
Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of the SOFR; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and 
(ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation 
Agent or the SOFR Replacement Agent, as applicable, after giving effect to 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, including non-business days: 
(i) 
the secured overnight financing rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears at the SOFR 
Determination Time, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page or, if no such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the secured 
overnight financing rate that is reported on the Reuters Page 
USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is reported on the Reuters Page 
USDSOFR=, then the secured overnight 
financing 
rate 
published on the NY Federal Reserve’s website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY 
Federal Reserve’s website; or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, 
(X) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Y) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 5:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s website on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the fourth U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in

--- Page 79 ---
79 
respect of the relevant Interest Period or such other date specified in the 
Final Terms; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” means any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities; and 
“Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement” means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
excluding 
the 
applicable 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment. 
(G) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
CMS Rate, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be: 
Margin + Multiplier x (CMS Rate1 +/- CMS Rate2)  
where: 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Multiplier” shall mean the value specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“CMS Rate1” shall mean the CMS Reference Rate determined with 
reference to the First Reference Currency, the First Designated Maturity, 
the First Relevant Screen Page and the First Relevant Time; and 
“CMS Rate2” shall mean the CMS Reference Rate determined with 
reference to the Second Reference Currency, the Second Designated 
Maturity, the Second Relevant Screen Page and the Second Relevant 
Time. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date: (i) the Issuer and/or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; (ii) if two or more 
of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the CMS Reference Rate for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); and 
(iii) if on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations 
as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Reference Rate shall 
be determined by the Issuer and/or an agent appointed by the Issuer in 
its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider 
appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(D): 
“CMS Reference Rate” means, for an Interest Period, the Relevant Swap Rate 
for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) commencing 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) as at the Relevant Time (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, all as determined by 
the Agent or another calculation agent (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (the “Calculation Agent”). 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where 
the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading 
swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference 
Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five 
leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case 
of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office 
of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, 
in each case as selected by the Issuer and/or an agent appointed by the Issuer. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(1) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the 
bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the CMS Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(2) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-
market swap rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market 
practice. 
(iii) Benchmark discontinuation 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser and notify the Paying Agent and Calculation 
Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(B)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
6.2(b)(iii)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
6.2(b)(iii)(D)). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not 
apply to Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR. 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to 
this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. The Issuer 
will not take any discretionary decision on the basis of such consultation.  In the 
absence of bad faith, manifest error or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
6.2(b)(iii). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
6.2(b)(iii)(B) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A) shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(C)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(D)); or 
(ii) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6.2(b)(iii)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all

--- Page 82 ---
82 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
6.2(b)(iii)(D)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(E), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
Such Benchmark Amendments shall not impose more onerous obligations on 
the Paying Agent and Calculation Agent or, unless their prior consent has been 
given, expose the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent to any additional 
duties or liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
6.2(b)(iii) will be notified no later than (10) Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date by the Issuer, after receiving such information from 
the Independent Adviser, to the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Agents a certificate signed by an authorised 
signatory of the Issuer and the Independent Adviser: 
(i) confirming, on the basis of the determination of the Independent Adviser 
(i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii); and 
(ii) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will 
(in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Agent’s, the 
Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(E), if in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under 
this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent and Paying Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6.2(b)(iii) 
(A), (B), (C) and (D), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 6.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(G) 
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this Condition 
6.2(b)(iii) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) 
shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the Original 
Reference Rate. 
For purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances,

--- Page 84 ---
84 
any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) the Independent Adviser determines and which is customarily applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied); 
(iii) the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or  
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate, as the case may be; or (if the Independent Adviser 
determines 
that no such industry 
standard is recognised 
or 
acknowledged); 
(iv)the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(B) 
and which is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv)a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate

--- Page 85 ---
85 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(v) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(vi) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed 
by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market and that representativeness will not be restored, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark 
Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not 
the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution 
of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, 
as applicable: 
(i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, 
as applicable, relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser shall determine which of those successor or replacement 
rates is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Inflation Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest, the Margin and the Inflation Factor in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes for each Interest Period will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Amounts of interest payable in respect of Inflation Linked Notes shall be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 7. 
(d) 
Rate of Interest on Range Accrual Notes 
(i) 
It may be specified in the applicable Final Terms of Notes that the 
relevant Notes are Range Accrual Notes, which pay fixed rate, floating 
rate, and/or CMS rate interest, that the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Notes for any Interest Period to which such interest types 
apply will be multiplied by the applicable Range Accrual Factor, 
expressed formulaically as follows: 
Rate of Interest x Range Accrual Factor 
  
(ii) 
The “Range Accrual Factor” for an Observation Period corresponding 
to an Interest Payment Date will be calculated as the quotient of (i) n 
divided by (ii) N, expressed formulaically as: 
𝑛
𝑁 
where:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
“n” in respect of an Observation Period corresponding to an Interest 
Payment Date is the number of Observation Dates within that 
Observation Period that the Accrual Condition is satisfied; and 
“N” in respect of an Observation Period corresponding to an Interest 
payment Date, is the number of Observation Dates within that 
Observation Period. 
(iii) 
The “Accrual Condition” in respect of an Observation Period 
corresponding to an Interest Payment Date will be satisfied on any 
Observation Date within that Observation Period where: 
(A) 
if “Single Rate Range Accrual” is specified as Accrual 
Condition Type in the Final Terms, the Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 1 on such Observation Date is greater than or equal to the 
Corresponding Lower Barrier and less than or equal to the 
Corresponding Upper Barrier; or 
(B) 
if “Spread Range Accrual” is specified as Accrual Condition 
Type in the Final Terms, the Range Accrual Floating Rate 1 
minus the Range Accrual Floating Rate 2, in each case on such 
Observation Date (the “Range Accrual Spread”) is greater than 
or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier and less than or 
equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Where: 
“Corresponding Lower Barrier” means, in 
respect of the 
determination of any Accrual Condition and any Range Accrual 
Floating Rate or Range Accrual Spread, the percentage rate specified as 
being ‘Lower Barrier’ applicable to such Range Accrual Floating Rate 
or Range Accrual Spread in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Corresponding Upper Barrier” means, 
in 
respect of the 
determination of any Accrual Condition and Range Accrual Floating 
Rate or Range Accrual Spread, the percentage rate specified as being 
‘Upper Barrier’ applicable to such Range Accrual Floating Rate or 
Range Accrual Spread in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Date” means each calendar day in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
“Observation Period” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each Interest Period; 
 “Range Accrual Floating Rate” means, in respect of any Observation 
Date in an Observation Period, the percentage rate of interest per annum 
for the relevant Observation Date calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(d)(iv) below;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
“Range Accrual Floating Rate 1” means, in respect of any Observation 
Date in an Observation Period, the Range Accrual Floating Rate 
determined in respect of (i) the Reference Rate (ii) the relevant 
Designated Maturity (if any) and (iii) the Relevant Screen Page specified 
as applicable to ‘Range Accrual Floating Rate 1’ in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
“Range Accrual Floating Rate 2” in respect of any Observation Date 
in an Observation Period, the Range Accrual Floating Rate determined 
in respect of (i) the Reference Rate (ii) the relevant Designated Maturity 
(if any) and (iii) the Relevant Screen Page specified as applicable to 
'Range Accrual Floating Rate 2' in the Final Terms. 
(iv) 
If on any Observation Date the Relevant Screen Page specified in the 
Final Terms to apply to a Range Accrual Floating Rate is not available, 
or no such offered quotation appears on such Relevant Screen Page as 
at the Relevant Screen Time specified in the Final Terms to apply to 
such Range Accrual Floating Rate, subject to the next sentence, such 
Range Accrual Floating Rate shall be deemed to be the corresponding 
Range Accrual Floating Rate for the immediately preceding calendar 
day on which an offered quotation appears on such Relevant Screen 
Page as at such Relevant Screen Time. 
If the Relevant Screen Page specified in the Final Terms to apply to a 
Range Accrual Floating Rate is not available, or no such offered 
quotation appears on such Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant 
Screen Time specified in the Final Terms to apply to such Range 
Accrual Floating Rate for seven consecutive calendar days, the relevant 
fallback provisions applicable to either ISDA Determination or Screen 
Rate Determination as set out in Condition 6.2 apply. 
(e) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the 
Issuer may elect to, change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms (the “Switch Date”). 
(f) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a “Minimum Rate of Interest” for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) above is less than 
such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Rate of Interest (for clarity, following adjustment by an applicable 
Range Accrual Factor, if any). 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a “Maximum Rate of Interest” for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) above is greater than 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be

--- Page 89 ---
89 
such Maximum Rate of Interest (for clarity, following adjustment by an applicable 
Range Accrual Factor, if any). 
Whether or not a Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in no event shall the Rate of Interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(g) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, and the Calculation Agent, in the case 
of Inflation Linked Notes, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. In the case of Inflation Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent will notify 
the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable 
after calculating the same. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes or the Inflation Linked Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the 
case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with 12 30-day months (unless (I) the last day of the Interest Period is 
the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day

--- Page 90 ---
90 
month, or (II) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day 
of the Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month). 
(h) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes are for 
the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes are for 
the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(i) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2 (Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes), 
whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if applicable, 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3 Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices). 
7. 
INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
This Condition 7 is applicable only if the applicable Final Terms specify the Notes as Inflation 
Linked Notes. 
7.1 
Inflation Linked Interest 
(a) 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of each Calculation Amount on each Interest 
Payment Date shall be calculated on the relevant Interest Determination Date by the 
Calculation Agent by multiplying the Interest Rate for such Interest Payment Date by 
the Calculation Amount and then further multiplying such amount by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 7.1(c) immediately below, the Interest Rate for a relevant Interest 
Period ending on or about a relevant Interest Payment Date will be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 7.1(b)(i) or Condition 7.1(b)(ii), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
If this Condition 7.1(b)(i) applies, the applicable Interest Rate is the sum 
of (x) a margin percentage rate specified as such in the Final Terms for 
such relevant Interest Payment Date (which rate may be negative) (the 
“Margin”) plus (y) the Inflation Factor determined for such relevant 
Interest Payment Date in accordance with Condition 7.2 below and 
rounded in accordance with Condition 6.2(g); which  can also be 
expressed formulaically as: 
Margin ± Inflation Factor 
(ii) 
If this Condition 7.1(b)(ii) applies, the applicable Interest Rate is the 
total of (x) a margin percentage rate specified as such in the Final Terms 
for such relevant Interest Payment Date (which rate may be negative) 
(the “Margin”) multiplied by (y) the Inflation Factor determined for 
such relevant Interest Payment Date in accordance with Condition 7.2 
below and rounded in accordance with Condition 6.2(g); which can also 
be expressed formulaically as: 
Margin x Inflation Factor  
 
(c) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.1(b) above is less than 
such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.1(b) above is greater than

--- Page 92 ---
92 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
7.2 
Inflation Factor 
(a) 
Option A 
Where Option A is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the applicable Inflation Factor 
is determined by dividing: 
(i) 
the Inflation Index Level for the calendar month (“Reference Month”) 
specified in the Final Terms as applicable to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date (“Final Index”); by 
(ii) 
the Inflation Index Level for the Reference Month specified in the Final 
Terms as applicable to the Initial Valuation Date (“Base Index”). 
The Inflation Factor of Option A can also be expressed formulaically 
as: 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 
The following terms as used above have the following meanings: 
“Calculation Amount” means a nominal amount of the Notes equal to the Specified 
Denomination (unless a different amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
which case, such amount). 
“Day Count Fraction” means the fraction equal to the number of days of the Interest 
Period divided by the number of days of the year, in each case as determined by the 
applicable convention, which may be any of 'Actual/Actual(ICMA)', 'Act/Act(ICMA)', 
'Actual/Actual', 'Actual/Actual (ISDA)', 'Actual/365 (Fixed)', 'Actual/360', '30/360', 
'360/360', 'Bond Basis', '30E/360', 'Eurobond Basis', '30E/360 (ISDA)' (each as defined 
in Condition 6.2(g)), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Inflation Index” means either the Index, as specified in the Final Terms and published 
by the relevant index sponsor (the “Index Sponsor”). 
“Inflation Index Level” means the level of the Inflation Index first published or 
announced for the relevant Reference Month, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
subject to Condition 7.4. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such date is specified, the date falling five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means the date specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(b) 
Option B 
Where Option B is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the applicable Inflation Factor 
is determined by dividing: 
(i) 
the Inflation Index Level for the calendar month (“Reference Month”) 
specified in the Final Terms as applicable to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date (“Final Index”); by 
(ii) 
the Inflation Index Level for the Reference Month specified in the Final 
Terms as applicable to the Initial Valuation Date (“Base Index”) 
and subtracting “one”. 
The Inflation Factor of Option B can also be expressed formulaically as: 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥−1 
The following terms as used above have the following meanings: 
“Calculation Amount” means a nominal amount of the Notes equal to the Specified 
Denomination (unless a different amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
which case, such amount). 
“Day Count Fraction” means the fraction equal to the number of days of the Interest 
Period divided by the number of days of the year, in each case as determined by the 
applicable convention, which may be any of 'Actual/Actual(ICMA)', 'Act/Act(ICMA)', 
'Actual/Actual', 'Actual/Actual (ISDA)', 'Actual/365 (Fixed)', 'Actual/360', '30/360', 
'360/360', 'Bond Basis', '30E/360', 'Eurobond Basis', '30E/360 (ISDA)' (each as defined 
in Condition 6.2(g)), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Inflation Index” means either the RPI, the HICP, the French CPI, the Italian CPI or 
the U.S. CPI, as specified in the Final Terms and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
“Inflation Index Level” means the level of the Inflation Index first published or 
announced for the relevant Reference Month, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
subject to Condition 7.4. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such date is specified, the date falling five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means the date specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(c) 
Option C 
Where Option C is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the applicable Inflation Factor 
is determined by the following formula as applicable to any day (“d”) in any month 
(“m”): 
𝐼𝑑= 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑚−3 + 𝑛𝑏𝑑
𝑞𝑚
 × (𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑚−2 − 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑚−3) 
where: 
“Id” is the Index Level for the day d, subject to Condition 7.4; 
“Indexm-2” is the level of Inflation Index Level for month m-2;  
“Indexm-3” is the level of Inflation Index Level for month m-3; 
“Inflation Index” means the Index, as specified in the Final Terms and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor; 
“Inflation Index Level” means the level of the Inflation Index first published 
or announced for the relevant Reference Month, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 7.4; 
“nbd” is the actual number of days from and excluding the first day of month 
m to but including day d; and 
“qm” is the actual number of days in month m. 
(d) 
The first publication or announcement of the Inflation Index Level for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such calculation 
month will not be used in any calculations.  
7.3 Indices  
(a) 
United Kingdom Retail Price Index  
Where RPI is specified as the Index in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Index 
for the relevant Inflation Linked Notes is the UK Retail Price Index (for all items) 
published by the Office for National Statistics (January 1987 = 100) or any comparable 
index which may replace the UK Retail Price Index for the purpose of calculating the 
amount payable on repayment of the Related Bond as defined in Condition 7.4 (the 
“RPI”). Information on the RPI may be found on the website of the Office for National 
Statistics 
at 
http://ons.gov.uk/ons/taxonomy/index.html?nscl=Retail+Prices+Index#tab-data-tables 
or at http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/UKRPI:IND. 
(b) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices  
Where HICP is specified as the Index in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Index for the relevant Inflation Linked Notes is the non-revised Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices excluding tobacco or relevant Successor Index as defined in

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Condition 7.4, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco, expressed as an index and published by Eurostat (the “HICP”). 
Information 
on 
the HICP may 
be found 
on 
the 
Eurostat 
website at 
http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/hicp 
 
or 
at 
http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/CPEXEMUY:IND. 
(c) 
French Consumer Price Index  
Where the French CPI is specified as the Index in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Index for the relevant Inflation Linked Notes is the consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the 
“INSEE”) (the “French CPI”). Information on the French CPI may be found on the 
website www.aft.gouv.fr and on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRÉSOR <GO>. 
(d) 
Italian Consumer Price Index  
Where the Italian CPI is specied as the Index in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Index for the relevant Inflation Linked Notes is the consumer price index 
(excluding tobacco) in Italy, (“Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai e 
impiegati (FOI) senza tabacchi”) published by Istituto nazionale di statistica (the 
“Italian CPI”). Information on the Italian CPI may be found on the Istat website at 
http://www.istat.it/en/archive/CPI. 
(e) 
U.S. Consumer Price Index 
Where the U.S. CPI is specified as the Index in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Index for the relevant Inflation Linked Notes is the All Items Consumer Price 
Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) before seasonal adjustment (the “U.S. CPI”) 
published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Information on the U.S. CPI may be 
found on the website of the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics at http://www.bls.gov/cpi/ 
or at http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/CPURNSA:IND. 
7.4 Index delay and disruption event provisions 
(a) 
Delay in Publication 
(i) General 
Where this Condition 7.4(a)(i) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the following provisions will apply to a delay in the publication of the 
Index. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Index Level for a Reference Month 
which is relevant to the calculation of any payment or delivery under the Notes 
and/or any other determination in respect of the Notes (a “Relevant Level”) has 
not been published or announced by the related Cut-off Date, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine an alternative level in place of such Relevant Level (a 
“Substitute Index Level”) by using the following methodology:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(A) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall take the same action to 
determine the Substitute Index Level for the applicable 
Payment/Delivery Date or date for determination, as applicable, 
as that taken pursuant to the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Related Bond; or 
(B) 
if (x) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) the Calculation Agent is not able 
to determine a Substitute Index Level pursuant to Condition 
7.4(a)(i) above for any commercially appropriate reason, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level 
by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference 
Level), 
where: 
“Base Level” means the Index Level (excluding any “flash” estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 
calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index Level is being 
determined. 
“Latest Level” means the latest Index Level (excluding any “flash estimates”) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of 
which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
“Reference Level” means, in respect of an Index, the Index Level (excluding 
any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor in 
respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month referred to in 
“Latest Level” above. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the Cut-
off Date then such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to Condition 7.4 will be the 
definitive level for that Reference Month. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 of 
any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this Condition 7.4. 
(ii) French CPI 
Where this Condition 7.4(a)(ii) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the following provisions will apply to a delay in the publication of the 
Index.  
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued 
by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire — 
www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper entitled “Inflation-linked bonds”.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
If the relevant French CPI (“CPI Monthly Reference Index”) is not published 
in a timely manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute 
CPI Monthly Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following provisions: 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has already 
been published, such index shall be used as the Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index would be 
published under the heading indice de substitution. Once the definitive CPI 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would apply from the day following its 
release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute index 
shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted 
as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
CPI Monthly Reference 
 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑀−1
 ×[ 𝐶𝑃𝐼 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ𝑙𝑦 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑀−1
𝐶𝑃𝐼 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ𝑙𝑦 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑀−13
] 
1
12 
(b) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Level has not been published or 
announced by the relevant Index Sponsor for two consecutive months or the Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce such Index 
and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
a successor index in lieu of any previously applicable Index (a “Successor Index”) for 
the purposes of the relevant Notes by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if Related Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a Successor Index by reference to the 
corresponding successor index determined under the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond; 
(ii) 
if (x) Related Bond is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) 
a Related Bond has been specified but a Related Bond Redemption 
Event has occurred, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
publish or announce the Index but that it will be superseded by a 
replacement Index specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation 
Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the 
same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of the previously applicable Index, such replacement 
index shall be deemed the Successor Index for the purposes of the Notes 
from the date that such replacement Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under Conditions 7.4(b)(i) or 
7.4(b)(ii) above, the Calculation 
Agent shall ask five leading 
independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the index 
should be. If at least four responses are received, and of those four or

--- Page 98 ---
98 
five responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same 
index, such index will be deemed the Successor Index. If three responses 
are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same 
index, such index will be deemed the Successor Index. If fewer than 
three responses are received by the Cut-off Date or no Successor Index 
is determined pursuant to this provision, the Calculation Agent will 
apply the provisions of Condition 7.4(b)(iv) below; 
(iv) 
if no Successor Index has been determined pursuant to Conditions 
7.4(b)(i), (ii) or (iii) above, by the next occurring Cut-off Date, subject 
as provided below, the Calculation Agent, in agreement with the Issuer 
(failing which the Issuer shall redeem the Notes as under Condition 
7.4(b)(v) immediately here below), will determine an appropriate 
alternative index as of such Cut-off Date with the intention that the same 
should leave the Issuer and the Noteholders in no better and no worse 
position than they would have been had the Index not ceased to be 
published, and such index will be deemed the Successor Index for the 
purposes of the Notes; 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate 
alternative index, then the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 and redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Notes being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. 
 
In relation to the determination of any Successor Index in accordance with this 
Condition 7.4, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Index shall be deemed to replace the relevant Index for the purposes of the Notes. 
Notice of the determination of a Successor Index and the effective date of the Successor 
Index shall be given to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. 
(c) 
Adjustments 
(i) 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Condition 7.4(b) above, 
the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without 
limitation) to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant 
term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary to account for this. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
(ii) 
Substitute Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance with 
Condition 7.4(a), the Issuer shall make any adjustment or adjustments (without 
limitation) to (x) the Substitute Index Level determined in accordance with 
Condition 7.4(a) above and/or (y) any amount payable under the Notes and/or 
any other relevant term of the Conditions as the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary, in agreement with the Issuer, that are necessary and consistent with

--- Page 99 ---
99 
the adjustments made to the Index and with the intention that the same should 
leave the Issuer and the Noteholders in no better and no worse position than 
they would have been had the initial Index continued to apply. The Issuer shall 
give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with 
Condition 17.  
(iii) 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(A) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level 
(excluding any “flash” or other estimates) by the Index Sponsor 
for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, 
subject to Condition 7.4(c)(v)(B) below, later revisions to the 
level for such Reference Month will not be used in any 
calculations. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of 
any valid revision in accordance with Condition 17. 
(B) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a 
Payment/Delivery Date or date of such other applicable 
determination under the Notes, as applicable, in respect of which 
a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination 
in respect of the Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Index Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a 
manifest error, the Calculation 
Agent shall make such 
adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any 
other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent has 
reasonably determined to give effect to that correction. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such 
adjustment and/or amount in accordance with Condition 17. 
(C) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after 
any Cut-off Date in respect of a Payment/Delivery Date in 
respect of which a Substitute Index Level was determined, the 
Calculation Agent may either (x) determine that such Relevant 
Level shall not be used in any calculation or determination under 
the Notes and that the Substitute Index Level shall be deemed to 
be the definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference 
Month, or (y) request the Issuer to make any adjustment to any 
amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term 
of the Notes as it deems, in agreement with the Issuer, 
appropriate, necessary and consistent with the adjustments made 
to the Index and with the intention that the same should leave the 
Issuer and the Noteholders in no better and no worse position 
than they would have been had the Relevant Level continued to 
apply, as a result of the announcement or publication of the 
Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is 
payable as a result of such publication or announcement. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any determination 
in respect of (x) or (y), together with any adjustment and/or 
amount in respect thereof, in accordance with Condition 17.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
(iv) 
Rebasing 
(A) 
General 
Where this Condition 7.4(c)(iv)(A) is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the following provisions will apply to the rebasing 
of the Index.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be 
rebased at any time, the Index as so rebased (the “Rebased Index”) will 
be used for purposes of determining the Index Level from the date of 
such rebasing (the “Rebased Index Level”). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Calculation Agent may: 
(1) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, make any adjustments as 
are made pursuant to the terms and conditions of 
the Related Bond, if any, to the Rebased Index 
Levels so that the Rebased Index Levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the Index before the 
rebasing; and/or 
(2) if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index Levels 
reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index 
before it was rebased, 
and in each case the Issuer shall make any adjustments to any amount 
payable under the Notes and/or any other term of the Notes necessary 
and consistent with the Rebased Index. Notice of any such adjustment 
and the effective date thereof shall be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
Any such rebasing will not affect any prior payments made under the 
Notes. 
(B) 
The French CPI 
Where this Condition  7.4(c)(iv)(B) is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the following provisions will apply to the rebasing 
of the Index.  
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a 
different basis will be chained on the basis of the December CPI 
Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which

--- Page 101 ---
101 
corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of 
the following year. 
Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following 
equation: 
Key =
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference  Index Date  D
New Basis  = CPI Monthly Reference Index 
Date D
Previous Basis XKey 
 
(v) 
Index Modification 
(A) 
If on or prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of any 
Payment/Delivery Date, the Calculation Agent is informed that 
an Index Modification has occurred the Calculation Agent shall:  
(1) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, make any adjustments to 
the Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, 
any amount 
payable under the 
Securities), consistent with any adjustments 
made to the Related Bond, or 
(2) if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred, make only those 
adjustments to the Index, any Relevant Level 
and/or any other term of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, any amount payable under the 
Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary 
for the modified Index to continue as the Index 
and to account for the economic effect of the 
Index Modification. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is informed that an Index Modification 
has occurred at any time after the Cut-off Date in respect of any 
Payment/Delivery Date, the Calculation Agent may determine, 
in agreement with the Issuer, either to ignore such Index 
Modification 
for 
the purposes 
of any 
calculation 
or 
determination made by the Calculation Agent with respect to 
such Payment/Delivery Date, in which case the relevant Index 
Modification will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the 
immediately succeeding Payment/Delivery Date such that the 
provisions of Condition 7.4(c)(v)(A) above  will apply, or,

--- Page 102 ---
102 
notwithstanding that the Index Modification has occurred 
following the Cut-off Date, to make any adjustments as the 
Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with Condition 
7.4(c)(v)(A) above. 
(C) 
Notice of any adjustment made in accordance with this 
Condition 7.4(c)(v) and the effective date thereof shall be given 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
(vi) 
Rounding 
For purposes of any calculations by the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the Index, all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if 
necessary, either: 
(A) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the rounding conventions of the 
documentation governing the Related Bond; or 
(B) 
if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
(1) (x) in respect of percentages determined through 
the use of interpolation by reference to two Index 
Levels, in accordance with the method set forth 
in subsection (y) below, but to the same degree of 
accuracy as the two rates used to make the 
calculation (except that such percentages will not 
be rounded to a lower degree of accuracy than the 
nearest one thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.001 per cent.)), 
(2) (y) in all other cases, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (e.g., 9.876541 
per cent. (or.09876541) being rounded down to 
9.87654 per cent. (or.0987654) and 9.876545 per 
cent. (or.09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655 
per cent. (or.0987655)).  
(d) 
Definitions 
Defined terms in this Condition 7.4 shall have the following meaning: 
“Cut-off Date” means the fifth Business Day prior to a relevant Payment/Delivery 
Date. 
“Fallback Bond” means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the 
government of the country to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays 
a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Index, with a 
maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) a day that is the 
closest day to but following the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Maturity Date, or (c) a day that is the closest to but preceding the Maturity Date if no 
bond defined in (a) or (b) is reasonably available for selection by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the 
Calculation Agent will select an inflation linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of 
the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain 
and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the 
level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent 
will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation linked bonds issued on or before the 
Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation linked bond maturing on the same 
date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If 
the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on 
the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original 
Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged). 
“Index” means the inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms or any 
Successor Index as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 7.4(b). 
“Index Level” means subject to the provisions of Condition 7.4(c), the first publication 
or announcement of a level of the Index for the relevant Reference Month. 
“Index Modification” means the Index Sponsor announces a (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the 
Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index. 
“Index Sponsor” means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an 
agent) the Index Level, which as of the Issue Date is the Index Sponsor specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Payment/Delivery Date” means a day on which a payment or delivery is scheduled 
to be made in respect of the Notes, the amount of which is to be determined by reference 
to an Index Level or any Substitute Index Level. 
“Reference Month” means, as specified in the Final Terms, the relevant calendar 
month for which the Index Level is reported, regardless of when this information is 
published or announced. If the period for which the Index Level is reported is a period 
other than a month, the Reference Month is the period for which the Index Level is 
reported. 
“Related Bond” means the bond (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that, if no bond is specified as the Related Bond, the Related Bond 
shall be the Fallback Bond. If the Related Bond redeems or matures during the term of 
the relevant Notes, following such redemption or maturity, the Related Bond shall be 
the Fallback Bond.  
“Related Bond Redemption Event” means at any time prior to the Maturity Date, (i) 
the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled; (ii) the Related Bond becomes 
repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason; or (iii) the issuer of 
the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
8. 
PAYMENTS 
8.1 Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency 
drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a Euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). 
8.2 Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 8.1 (Payments – Method of 
Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below) and Fixed Rate Notes which specify Interest Payment Date Adjustment as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Inflation Linked Notes) should be presented 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of 
matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in 
the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11 
(Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 12 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become 
void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Long Maturity Note, Fixed Rate Note 
which specify Interest Payment Date Adjustment as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or Inflation Linked Note in definitive bearer form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate 
Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement 
Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
8.3 Payments in Respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global 
Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in 
the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such 
Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A 
record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note in 
bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of 
interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question 
has been made. 
8.4 Payments in Respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global 
form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered 
Notes maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) at the close of business on the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated 
Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than 
U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment 
will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account 
(which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a

--- Page 106 ---
106 
non-resident account) maintained by the holder with a Designated Bank and identified 
as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in the case of payment in a 
Specified Currency other than Euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and (in the 
case of a payment in Euro) any bank which processes payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and 
mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of 
the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or 
the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register at the 
close of the day prior to the relevant due date (the “Record Date”) at his address shown 
in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the 
specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of 
interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the 
due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for 
transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest 
due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the 
holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified 
in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each 
Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the 
principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for 
any delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of 
a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition 8.4 arriving after the due date for 
payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such 
holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of 
the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars 
shall be paid by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified 
Currency of the Exchange Rate Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion 
into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
8.5 General Provisions Applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream Banking 
S.A., Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified 
offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such 
specified offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax or other consequences 
to the Issuer. 
8.6 Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day 
which (subject to Condition 12 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A)       in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place 
of presentation; 
(B)       the Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than Euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency or (B) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in respect of which an 
accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on 
which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed in New York City. 
8.7 Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal 
under Condition 11 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as 
defined in Condition 9.7 (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption 
Amounts)), and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be 
payable by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 11 (Taxation). 
 
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
9.1 Redemption at Maturity 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
that is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Note where 
Inflation Linked Redemption is specified as Not Applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at par or, for Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (“Final Redemption Amount”) in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date.  
(b) 
Inflation Linked Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment on the 
Maturity Date of a cash amount (the “Final Redemption Amount”), 
determined on the Final Valuation Date by the Calculation Amount, 
multiplied by the amount (the “Final Inflation Factor”) that is 
determined by dividing:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(A) 
the Inflation Index Level for the calendar month (“Reference 
Month”) specified in the Final Terms as corresponding to the 
Maturity Date (“Inflation Index (final)”); by 
(B) 
the Inflation Index Level for the Reference Month specified in 
the Final Terms as corresponding to the Initial Valuation Date 
(“Inflation Index (initial)”). 
The Final Inflation Factor calculation can also be expressed 
formulaically as: 
𝐼𝑛𝑓𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 (𝑓𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙)
𝐼𝑛𝑓𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 (𝑖𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙) 
(ii) 
If a final redemption floor is specified as Applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Final Inflation Factor shall be deemed to be equal to 1 if the 
calculation pursuant to the Condition 9.1(b)(i) immediately above would 
result in the Final Inflation Factor being less than 1 (“Final Redemption 
Floor”). 
(c) 
The following terms as used above have the following meanings: 
“Calculation Amount” means a nominal amount of the Notes equal to the Specified 
Denomination (unless a different amount is specified in the Final Terms, in which case, 
such amount). 
“Inflation Index” means either the RPI, the HICP, the French CPI, the Italian CPI or 
the U.S. CPI, as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Inflation Index Level” means the level of the Inflation Index first published or 
announced for the relevant Reference Month as specified in the Final Terms, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 7.4. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means the date specified in the Final Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means the Initial Valuation Date, the Final Valuation Date or any 
other date on which the Inflation Index Level is required to be determined. 
9.2 Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes or Zero Coupon Notes) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes or Inflation 
Linked Notes) (the “Early Redemption Date”), on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of France or any change in the application or

--- Page 110 ---
110 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by the Finance Director of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to 
the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as 
a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.2 (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for Tax Reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 9.7 (Redemptions and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts). 
9.3 Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, an 
"Optional Redemption Date") redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes then outstanding 
at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption 
Amount. 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 6.2) prior 
to the Optional Redemption Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes up  to  and  
including  the  Maturity  Date  (excluding  any  interest  accruing  on  the  
Notes  to,  but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on either an annual 
or a semi-annual basis (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the 
Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin;  
and 
 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date,

--- Page 111 ---
111 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer and such other parties as may be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the four quotations given by 
the Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on 
the third Business Day preceding the Optional Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central 
European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer Quotation"). 
"Quotation Agent" means any Dealer or any other international credit institution 
or financial services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is 
identified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Quotation Agent, 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by 
the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the 
Optional Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and 
published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same 
issuer as the Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with 
the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 9.5 below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 9.3 
9.4 Clean-up Call Option 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will 
have a Clean-Up Call Option available to it in respect of any issue of Notes,  and if 80 
percent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up 
Call Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series 
(which for the avoidance of doubt include any additional Notes issued subsequently 
and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have 
been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 17 to the Noteholders redeem

--- Page 112 ---
112 
the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their principal amount together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
9.5 Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will 
have a Call Option available to it, and the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) 
above, notice to the Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption 
Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (being the nominal amount) together with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg and/or DTC, as applicable, (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and/or DTC as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection 
Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes 
shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes 
as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided 
that such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to 
the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal 
amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance 
of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.5 and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) at 
least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of that 
stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a 
partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-
3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF and on the website of any other

--- Page 113 ---
113 
competent authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, 
a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding. 
9.6 Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (being the nominal amount) together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. Registered Notes may only be 
redeemed under this Condition 9.6 in any multiple of their lowest Specified 
Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the Notes the holder of the Notes must 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, 
a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 9.6 and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes 
so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect 
of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 2(b) (Transfers of Registered Notes–Transfers of 
Registered Notes in Definitive Form). If the Notes are in definitive form, the Put Notice 
must be accompanied by the Notes or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that the Notes will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order 
or under its control. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect 
by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and 
instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 13 
(Events of Default). 
For the purpose of this Condition 9.6 (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put)), each Fixed Rate Note and Floating Rate Note will be redeemed at par 
together with interest unpaid and accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
9.7 Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 9.2 (Redemption and Purchase–Redemption for Tax 
Reasons) above and Condition 13 (Events of Default), each Note will be redeemed at 
its Early Redemption Amount as follows: 
(i) 
in case of Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, at par together with 
interest unpaid and accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption 
Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face 
Amount”) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the accrual yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator of which is 360. 
9.8 Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise subject to the applicable laws 
and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased may be held and resold in accordance with 
Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier for the 
purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes, or cancelled. 
9.9 Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled, transferred or surrendered 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
9.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.4, 9.4 or 9.5 above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 13 (Events of Default) is 
improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 9.7(ii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or the 
Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
10. 
CHANGE OF CONTROL 
If at any time while any Note remains outstanding there occurs (i) a Change of Control and 
within the Change of Control Period (if, at the start of the Change of Control Period the Notes 
are rated by any Rating Agency) a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs; or (ii) a Change of Control (if at such time the Notes are not rated) (in either case, a 
“Put Event”), the holder of each Note will have the option (the “Put Option”) (unless, prior 
to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention 
to redeem the Notes under Condition 9.2 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Tax 
Reasons)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to purchase or procure the 
purchase of that Note on the Change of Control Redemption Date (as defined below) at par 
together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but 
excluding the Change of Control Redemption Date. A “Change of Control” shall be deemed 
to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) 
that any person or persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any 
such person(s) (the “Relevant Person(s)”), at any time directly or indirectly come(s) to own 
or acquire(s) (A) more than 50% of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting 
of the Issuer; or (B) otherwise the ability to determine in fact through voting rights held 
(directly or indirectly) by such Relevant Person(s) the decisions taken at ordinary or 
extraordinary general meetings of the Issuer. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of 
(1) the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date 
of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any) and ending on the date which 
is 180 days after the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control 
(the “Initial Longstop Date”) provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior 
to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Notes, 
if a Rating Agency publicly announces at any time on or after the date which is 60 days prior 
to the Initial Longstop Date up to and including the Initial Longstop Date that it has placed its 
rating of the Notes under consideration for rating review, the Change of Control Period shall 
be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such public rating review 
consideration announcement;

--- Page 116 ---
116 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (a) Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a 
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.; (b) Moody’s Investor Services; (c) any other 
rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer – 
and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
if within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating 
Agency is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their 
respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB=/Ba1, 
or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (z) if the rating previously 
assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency was below an investment grade rating (as 
described above), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or 
their respective equivalents), provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of 
a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular 
Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating does not publicly 
announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result, in whole or part, of any event 
or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change 
of Control. 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means that any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto relating 
to any specific and near-term potential Change of Control (whereby “near-term” shall mean 
that such potential Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the 
Issuer, the actual or potential bidder or any such designated advisor to be intended to occur, 
within twelve months of the date of such announcement or statement). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the Put Option contained in this Condition 10. 
To exercise the Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note 
under this Condition 10, the holder of that Note must transfer or cause to be transferred by its 
Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Agent specified 
in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period (the “Put Period”) of 
45 days after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and completed notice 
of exercise in the form (for the time being currently and in the form substantially set out in the 
Agency Agreement) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Option 
Notice”) and in which the holder shall specify a bank account to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 10. 
The Issuer shall redeem or at the option of the Issuer purchase or procure the purchase of the 
Notes in respect of which the Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and 
subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Paying Agent for the account of the 
Issuer as described above on the date which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the 
Put Period (the “Change of Control Redemption Date”). The provisions of the second 
paragraph of Condition 8.1 (Payments – Method of Payment) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to 
such payments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any costs or loss of 
whatever kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in 
connection with its exercise, or purported exercise, of, or otherwise in connection with, any Put

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Option – whether upon the occasion of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or 
otherwise. 
11. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
All payments in respect of the Notes and any related Coupons shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Republic of France, or any authority therein or thereof, having the power 
to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts – – If French law should require that payments of principal or 
interest in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied 
by or on behalf of the Republic of France or any authority therein or thereof having the 
power to tax the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes 
or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have 
been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment 
Day (as defined in Condition 8.6 (Payments – Payment Day)); or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been 
able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant 
Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the 
European Union; or  
(iv) 
if the Notes do not benefit from the ruling (rescrit) 2010/11 (FP and FE) 
of the French tax authorities dated 22 February 2010, as mentioned in 
the tax authorities’ guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-30-30 dated 10 
December 2019 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 dated 24 February 2021, 
when such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to 
Articles 125 A III, 119 bis-2 or 238 A of the Code Général des Impôts 
by reason of that interest or Coupon being (x) paid to an account opened 
in a financial institution located in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person 
established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou 
territoire non-coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the same 
code.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
As used herein, the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been 
duly received by the Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
12. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in 
the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 12 or 
Condition 8.2 (Payments – Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Payments – Presentation of Definitive Bearer 
Notes and Coupons). 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
13.1 
Events of Default 
An Event of Default with respect to any Note shall mean any one or more of the 
following: 
(i) 
a default in the timely payment of the principal of (including premium, 
if any) any Note of the Series of which such Note is a part when due 
(whether at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise); or 
(ii) 
if default is made for a period of 15 days or more in the payment of any 
interest due in respect of any Note of the Series of which such Note is a 
part; or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other material 
obligations under the Agency Agreement or under the Notes of the 
Series of which such Note is a part and such failure continues for the 
period of 30 days after the date on which written notice of such failure 
requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to the Issuer by 
the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding (as 
defined under “Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Waivers and 
Substitution” below) Notes of the Series of which such Note is a part at 
the time; or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary defaults in the payment, when 
and as the same shall become due and payable, of the principal or 
interest on any of its obligations, or in making any payment due under 
any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to obligations, in 
each case, in respect of borrowed monies where the amount of the 
default, individually or aggregated with defaults then outstanding, is in 
excess of €50 million (or its equivalent in any other currency or

--- Page 119 ---
119 
composite currency) if such default shall continue for more than the 
period of grace, if any, applicable thereto or if any such obligations in 
respect of borrowed monies of or assumed by the Issuer or such 
Principal Subsidiary (and of like amount) shall have become repayable 
before the due date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity by 
reason of the occurrence of an event of default thereunder; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (i) shall commence any case or 
proceeding seeking to have an order for relief entered on its behalf as 
debtor in a bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganisation, 
liquidation, 
dissolution, arrangement, composition, readjustment of debt or similar 
proceeding or to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent or seeking 
reorganisation, liquidation, 
dissolution, 
winding up, arrangement, 
composition or readjustment of its debts or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy, 
insolvency, 
reorganisation, 
liquidation, 
dissolution, 
arrangement, composition, readjustment of debt or other similar act or 
law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, now or hereafter existing; 
or (ii) shall apply for a receiver, custodian or trustee of it or for all or a 
substantial part of its property; or (iii) shall make a general assignment 
for the benefit of creditors; or (iv) shall be unable to, or shall admit in 
writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due; or (v) shall take 
any corporate action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; or 
(vi) 
any case or proceeding against the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary 
shall be commenced seeking to have an order for relief entered against 
it in a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganisation, liquidation, dissolution, 
arrangement, composition, readjustment of debt or similar proceeding 
or to adjudicate it as a bankrupt or insolvent or seeking reorganisation, 
liquidation, dissolution, winding-up, 
arrangement, composition 
or 
readjustment of its debts or any relief under any bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganisation, 
liquidation, 
dissolution, 
arrangement, composition, 
readjustment of debt or other similar act or law of any jurisdiction, 
domestic or foreign, now or hereafter existing; or a receiver, custodian 
or trustee of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary or for all or a 
substantial part of its property shall be appointed in any such case or 
proceeding; and such case or proceeding (i) results in the entry of an 
order for relief or a similar order against it or (ii) shall continue unstayed 
and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days. 
13.2 
Definitions 
As used above, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Principal Subsidiary” means a Consolidated Subsidiary (as defined 
herein) of the Issuer the value of the Net Equity of which exceeds 5% of 
the Total Net Equity of the Issuer, or the Net Sales of which exceeds 5% 
of the Consolidated Net Sales of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
“Total Net Equity” and “Consolidated Net Sales”, as determined at 
any time in respect of any person, mean respectively, the amount set

--- Page 120 ---
120 
forth as “Total Equity” or as “Net Sales”, as the case may be, in the most 
recent audited consolidated financial statements of such person and its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries. 
(iii) 
“Net Equity” of any Subsidiary, as determined at any time, means that 
amount set forth in the financial statements of such Subsidiary as total 
net equity, as of the date of the most recent audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries. 
(iv) 
“Net Sales” of any Subsidiary, as determined at any time, means that 
amount set forth in the financial statements for such Subsidiary as “Net 
Sales” for the period corresponding to the period to which the most 
recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries relate. 
If an Event of Default with respect to a Note shall have occurred and be continuing, 
then the Holder of such Note may exercise any right, power or remedy permitted to it 
by law, and shall have, in particular, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
the right to declare the entire principal of (including premium, if any), and all interest 
accrued, if any, on such Note to be, and such Note shall thereupon become, forthwith 
due and payable, without any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, 
all of which are hereby expressly waived. 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Agent acts, provided that; 
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent and a Registrar; 
(ii) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to 
listing by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of 
Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
any other relevant authority; 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee,

--- Page 121 ---
121 
there will at all times be an Exchange Rate Agent with a specified office 
in New York City; and 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within 
continental Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 8.5 (Payments – General Provisions 
Applicable to Payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less 
than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders 
or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
16. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 12 (Prescription). 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected 
to be the Financial Times) or (ii) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and the rules of Euronext Paris so require, in accordance with Articles 221-3 
and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of 
joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority) so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg, and/or DTC be substituted for such publication in such 
newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by 
another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of 
a Note to the Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent, the Registrar and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, and/or DTC as the case may be, 
may approve for this purpose. 
18. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the masse will not apply to the 
Holders of the Notes. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by the Noteholders’ 
extraordinary resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 25% in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any 
such meeting for passing an extraordinary resolution of the Noteholders is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at 
any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes 
or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. An extraordinary resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the issue date, and amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes; provided that any further notes consisting of Registered Notes shall 
be issued under a separate CUSIP, ISIN or CINS unless the further notes are issued pursuant 
to a “qualified reopening” of the original series, are otherwise treated as part of the same “issue” 
of debt instruments as the original series or are issued with no more than a de minimis amount 
of original discount, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For the purpose of 
French law, such further notes shall be assimilated (“assimilables”) to the Notes as regards 
their financial service. 
20. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
21.1 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes and the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Coupons 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except for 
Condition 3 (Status), which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
French law. 
21.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Issuer, the Noteholders and the Couponholders irrevocably agree for their mutual 
benefit that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons and that 
accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) 
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer, the Noteholders and the Couponholders waive any objection to the courts 
of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum.  
21.3 
Appointment of Process Agent

--- Page 124 ---
124 
The Issuer appoints Saint-Gobain Limited at its registered office at Saint-Gobain 
House, Binley Business Park, Coventry, CV3 2TT as its agent for service of process, 
and undertakes that, in the event of Saint-Gobain Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing 
to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right 
to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
21.4 
Waiver of Immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Notes and 
the Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or 
execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the 
giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or 
intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any 
Proceedings. 
21.5 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll 
submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of 
process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM 
The Notes of each Series will be either in bearer form, with or without interest coupons 
attached, or in registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be sold by 
Dealers outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”) and Registered Notes will be sold by Dealers both outside the United States 
in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United 
States in reliance on Rule 144A or another exemption under the Securities Act, for offers and 
sales that do not involve a public offering. 
Bearer Notes 
Issue 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of 
a temporary bearer global note (a “Temporary Bearer Global Note”) or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a permanent Global Note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” and, 
together with the Temporary Bearer Global Note, the “Bearer Global Notes”).  
If the Bearer Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or 
“CGNs”) will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg.  
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the relevant 
clearing system(s) will be notified whether or not such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer 
Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends on the satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg. 
If the Bearer Global Note is a NGN, the principal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Bearer Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing 
system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system 
at that time.  
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange 
Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note (if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to 
the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners 
of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking S.A.,

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Agent. 
Exchange 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge) upon a request as described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note 
of the same Series or (b) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, 
interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in 
the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain 
other United States persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. In the event that 
interests in a Temporary Bearer Global Note are exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms, such definitive Bearer Notes shall only be issued 
in an amount which is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination; if this is not 
achievable, the option to exchange the Temporary Bearer Global Note on and after the 
Exchange Date shall be disapplied. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be 
entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and no successor clearing system is available, or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject 
to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by this 
global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) 
may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
Transfers 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Payments 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg against 
presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note (if the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Registered Notes 
Issue 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will 
be sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global 
note in registered form (a “Regulation S Global Note”). Prior to expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial 
interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 (Transfers of Registered 
Notes) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions 
on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to 
U.S. persons in private transactions (i) to “qualified institutional buyers” within the meaning 
of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“QIBs”) or (ii) to “accredited investors” (as defined in 
Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions (“Institutional 
Accredited Investors”) who agree to purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a 
view to the distribution thereof and who execute and deliver an IAI Investment Letter. The 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs and Institutional Accredited Investors will be 
represented by a global note in registered form (a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, together with 
a Regulation S Global Note, the “Registered Global Notes”) 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of its participants (including, Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, if relevant) or (ii) be deposited with a common 
depositary or (iii) if the Registered Global Notes are to be held under the new safekeeping 
structure (the “NSS”), be delivered to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the common 
depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or in the name of a 
nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding 
beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in 
fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register 
on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 8.4 (Payments – Payments in Respect of 
Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are intended to be held 
under the NSS, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global 
Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any 
indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear 
and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in 
definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown 
on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 8.4 (Payments – Payments 
in Respect of Registered Notes)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Exchange 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not 
in part, for definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name 
of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to 
continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or 
DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (iii) in the 
case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iv) the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. 
In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfers 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered 
Global Note or in the form of a Definitive IAI Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered 
Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person 
who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Registered Global Note. No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Notes are also 
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
Payments 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Registered Global Note will 
be made through DTC, Euroclear and/or, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, following 
which payment will be made to the registered holder.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), 
the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to 
form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall 
be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which 
are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche; 
provided that any further Tranche of Notes shall be issued under a separate CUSIP, ISIN or 
CINS unless the further Tranche of Notes are issued pursuant to a “qualified reopening” of the 
original series, are otherwise treated as part of the same “issue” of debt instruments as the 
original series or are issued with no more than a de minimis amount of original discount, in 
each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear 
or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing 
to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be 
treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
“Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Registered Global Note, 
DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the 
Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency 
Agreement and such Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published rules 
and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners 
through participants. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and/or DTC 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by 
a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in 
accordance with the Conditions and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 
8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. Holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, and/or DTC as the 
case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and/or 
DTC as the case may be, on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 13 July 2022 and executed by the Issuer. In addition, holders of interests in

--- Page 130 ---
130 
such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver Definitive 
Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with 
DTC’s standard operating procedures.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes.  If, in respect of any particular issuance, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The description of the Issuer set out in the Universal Registration Document 2021 has been 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see section “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” of this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
On 25 March 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
PROPOSALS TO THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING REGARDING THE SAINT-
GOBAIN BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
In the context of the next Shareholders’ General Meeting to be held on June 2, 2022, and on 
the recommendation of its Nominations and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors 
of Compagnie de Saint-Gobain decided unanimously at its meeting on March 24, 2022 to 
propose the following resolutions concerning its composition to the General Meeting: 
- Renewal of the term of office of Pierre-André de Chalendar as Director 
If the General Meeting renews his term of office as Director, the Board of Directors intends, as 
part of the transition to Benoit Bazin, Chief Executive Officer since July 1st, 2021, to reappoint 
Pierre-André de Chalendar as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Compagnie de Saint-
Gobain and, in accordance with best practices, to maintain the position of Lead Independent 
Director, held by Jean-Dominique Senard.  
In this context, Pierre-André de Chalendar has indicated to the Board of Directors that he would 
serve as Chairman for a maximum period of two years, i.e. until the June 2024 General Meeting 
at the latest. 
- Ratification of the co-optation of Lina Ghotmeh, 42 years old, French-Lebanese 
architect, as an independent director 
Lina Ghotmeh was co-opted to replace Denis Ranque, who resigned, for the remainder of the 
latter's term of office, i.e. until the Shareholders’ General Meeting to be held in June 2023.  
Lina Ghotmeh brings to the Board her knowledge of the construction value chain and her 
expertise in digital transformation, innovation for sustainable architecture and her work on 
materials and the circular economy. 
- Appointment of Thierry Delaporte, 54 years old, Chief Executive Officer of Wipro 
limited, as a new independent director 
Thierry Delaporte will bring to the Board the benefit of his experience as an executive director 
of a world-class Indian listed company, a leader in information technology, consulting and 
business process services, his knowledge of services related to digital and his international 
operational experience, particularly in the United States and Asia, especially in India. 
If the shareholders approve these appointments, the Board will consist of 50% women, 36% 
foreign directors and 73% independent directors (excluding directors representing employees 
and representing employee shareholders, in accordance with the Afep-Medef Code). The 
appointment of Thierry Delaporte would continue the rejuvenation of the Board initiated with 
the appointment of Benoit Bazin as Director in June 2021 and the co-optation of Lina Ghotmeh 
in November 2021. It would further strengthen the Board's international experience and 
expertise in digital transformation and innovation. 
Jean-Dominique Senard, Lead Independent Director, said:

--- Page 134 ---
134 
“I am very pleased that Pierre-André de Chalendar has agreed to continue to bring his deep 
experience to the Group, in the best interests of Saint-Gobain. During the annual self-
assessment of the Board, the directors were unanimous in highlighting the very good transition 
made by Pierre-André de Chalendar as Chairman of the Board and the very good interaction 
between the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board.” 
Pierre-André de Chalendar, Chairman of Saint-Gobain, said: 
“I am extremely honored by the trust placed in me once again by the Board of Directors. If the 
shareholders so decide, it is with pride and enthusiasm that I will continue my work as 
Chairman of the Board of Saint-Gobain, for up to two years. I am also delighted with the 
remarkable work Benoit Bazin has done in positioning the Group perfectly for its new strategic 
plan since I handed over the CEO role to him on July 1st, 2021. 
I am also very pleased that the appointments of Lina Ghotmeh and Thierry Delaporte are 
proposed to the shareholders. Lina and Thierry strengthen the expertise of the Board and will 
be able to play a key role as independent directors.” 
Biography of Lina Ghotmeh 
Lina Ghotmeh is an internationally renowned architect. She leads her own studio of 
architecture named “Lina Ghotmeh - Architecture” in Paris and produces architectural designs 
in France and abroad with a multicultural team.  
She has been honored with numerous awards, including the French Ministry of Culture AJAP 
2008 award, the French Academy DEJEAN Prize 2016, the Grand Prix Afex 2016, the Pierre 
Cardin Prize 2019 from the Paris Academy of Fine Arts, and more recently, the 2020 Tamayouz 
“Woman of Outstanding Achievement” award and the Schelling Architecture Prize 2020. She 
has been nominated for the Moira Gemmill English Prize.  
Her work is exhibited at the 17th Architecture Biennale in Venice and is frequently published, 
notably in Phaidon and RIBA books, or in the magazines AA, Domus and Architectural 
Record.  
She holds teaching positions at Yale School of Architecture in the United States, University of 
Toronto in Canada and she has taught at the Ecole Spéciale d'Architecture. She has lectured in 
various institutions including Columbia University in the United States, the Parsons School in 
France and the Royal College of Art in the United Kingdom. 
Biography of Thierry Delaporte 
A French national, Thierry Delaporte began his career in 1992 with the consulting firm Arthur 
Andersen before joining the Capgemini group in 1995. He first held various financial positions, 
including Chief Financial Officer of the Southern Europe zone, then of the Asia-Pacific zone. 
He then spent nearly 15 years in the United States in financial and operational management 
positions, including Chief Financial Officer of North America, Chief Executive Officer of the 
International Financial Services strategic unit and then Managing Director of the Latin America 
zone. In 2018, he was appointed Group Chief Operating Officer, a position he held until 2020. 
In June 2020, he joined Wipro Limited, a Bangalore-based company listed on the NYSE (New 
York Stock Exchange), BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange) and NSE (National Stock Exchange of

--- Page 135 ---
135 
India) and a leader in information technology, consulting and business process services, as 
Chief Executive Officer.  
Thierry Delaporte is a graduate of the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and holds a Master's 
degree in Law from the University of Paris II Assas. He is also co-founder of the non-profit 
organization Life Project 4 Youth.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
On 5 April 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN DIVESTS ITS DISTRIBUTION BUSINESS IN POLAND 
Saint-Gobain Group has entered into an agreement for the sale of Tadmar, its Polish 
distribution brand specialized in plumbing, heating and sanitaryware products, to the Polish 
company 3W. 
In 2021, Tadmar generated revenues of around €100 million. It has around 50 sales outlets 
and 2 logistic centers and employs 460 people.  
This divestment marks the complete exit of Saint-Gobain from distribution in Poland. 
The finalization of this transaction is subject to approval by the Polish Office for Competition 
and Consumer Protection and is expected to be completed by the end of 2022. 
This transaction is part of Saint-Gobain’s continued business profile optimization strategy, in 
line with the “Grow & Impact” plan objectives.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
On 25 April 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN AND DALSAN ENTER INTO A JOINT-VENTURE AGREEMENT 
IN TURKEY 
Saint-Gobain and the Turkish group Dalsan announce that they have entered into a joint-
venture agreement pursuant to which they will merge their plaster and plasterboard activities 
in Turkey. 
Together, Saint-Gobain Rigips and Dalsan Alçi generated revenues in excess of €100 million 
in 2021. They will benefit from a leadership position with an annual production capacity of 
100 million square meters for plasterboard, 2 million tons for plaster and 50 million meters for 
metal profiles, following the completion of a capital expenditure project at the new plant in 
Turgutlu (Manisa) in 2023. 
Thanks to its combined know-how and an enlarged production capacity of plasterboard and 
plaster, this partnership will offer Turkish customers access to the most innovative and 
complete portfolio of light and sustainable solutions for the construction and renovation of the 
building envelope as well as internal partitioning. Saint-Gobain and Dalsan will also benefit 
from an optimized modern industrial footprint ready to serve local developers as well as export 
clients in neighboring countries. 
Present in Turkey since 1998, Saint-Gobain is currently operating 17 plants across the country 
and holds leadership positions in insulation, gypsum and construction chemicals. Saint-Gobain 
currently employs around 1,300 people in Turkey. 
This transaction is fully in line with Saint-Gobain’s “Grow & Impact” plan. It will strengthen 
the Group’s presence and accelerate its growth in the region. 
Closing of the transaction is subject to antitrust approvals and other customary closing 
conditions that are expected to be completed by the end of the year.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
On 28 April 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SALES AT A NEW RECORD HIGH IN FIRST-QUARTER 2022 
 Very strong 16.4% organic growth on supportive underlying markets  
 
 Acceleration in prices, enabling the generation of a positive price-cost spread in  
the first quarter 
 Deployment of our solutions for energy efficiency and decarbonization ramped  
up in all geographies 
 2022 outlook confirmed 
 
 
Sales Q1 
2021 (in €m) 
Sales 
Q1 2022 
(in €m) 
Change on 
an actual 
structure 
basis 
Change on a 
comparable 
structure 
basis 
Like-for-like 
change 
Northern Europe 
3,387 
4,014 
+18.5% 
+20.9% 
+19.2% 
Southern Europe - ME & Africa 
3,526 
3,725 
+5.6% 
+14.9% 
+15.9% 
Americas 
1,512 
1,920 
+27.0% 
+26.1% 
+16.8% 
Asia-Pacific 
417 
479 
+14.9% 
+30.6% 
+24.6% 
High Performance Solutions 
1,811 
2,191 
+21.0% 
+14.8% 
+10.2% 
Internal sales and misc. 
-274 
-322 
--- 
--- 
--- 
Group Total 
10,379 
12,007 
+15.7% 
+19.0% 
+16.4% 
 
Like-for-like sales rose sharply, up 16.4% on first-quarter 2021. This strong performance 
reflects the Group’s positioning as the worldwide leader in light and sustainable construction 
thanks to its unique range of innovative solutions offering sustainability and performance to 
maximize the positive impact for its customers. It also reflects good momentum across all our 
segments, which each reported double-digit organic growth, in acceleration from second-half 
2021, driven in particular by renovation in Europe and by construction in the Americas and in 
Asia. The Group’s volumes progressed by 1.9% over the quarter and by 8.3% compared to 
first-quarter 2019 (pre-Covid comparison basis), continuing their good trends despite a difficult 
geopolitical environment. Price increases continued to accelerate – up to 14.5% in a far more 
inflationary raw material and energy cost environment – enabling the Group to generate a 
positive price-cost spread in the first quarter. 
On a reported basis, sales came in at a new record high of €12,007 million, with a positive 
2.6% currency effect due mainly to the appreciation of the US dollar, pound sterling, Brazilian 
real and other emerging country currencies. Changes in Group structure reduced sales by 
3.3% and resulted from the ongoing optimization of the Group’s profile, in terms of both 
divestments – mainly Lapeyre in France, distribution in the Netherlands and Spain, specialist

--- Page 139 ---
139 
distribution in the United Kingdom, Glassolutions in Germany and Denmark, and pipe in China 
– and acquisitions, mainly Chryso in construction chemicals and Panofrance, a French 
specialist in modular timber solutions. 
The acquisition of GCP Applied Technologies in construction chemicals is expected to be 
finalized by year-end 2022 as planned. GCP shareholders approved the transaction in March 
and the procedure for obtaining clearance from the competition authorities is proceeding as 
planned.  
The optimization of the portfolio continues country-by-country, now being part of the 
Group’s profitable growth model within the scope of its “Grow & Impact” plan. 
UPDATE ON INFLATION AND THE GEOPOLITICAL SITUATION 
Amid accelerating inflation, Saint-Gobain now expects its energy and raw material costs to 
increase by around €2.5 billion in 2022 compared to 2021. This inflation concerns in particular 
energy costs, especially in Europe where the Group has hedged around 80% of its natural gas 
and electricity purchases for 2022 as a whole. Saint-Gobain’s total energy bill amounted to 
€1.5 billion in 2021, representing 3% of Group sales. 
In light of its proactive energy cost hedging policy, the positive price-cost spread in the first 
quarter, the acceleration in the positive price effect to 14.5% in the first quarter, and the new 
price increases being announced, Saint-Gobain is confident that it will be able to offset the 
estimated inflation in raw material and energy costs for 2022 as a whole. 
Note that Saint-Gobain has no industrial operations in Ukraine and that Russia represented 
around 0.5% of its consolidated sales in 2021. All our solutions are manufactured and sold on 
local construction markets. Since the start of the conflict, all investment projects have been 
cancelled. Local activities are now operating at a minimum and on a standalone basis. 
The countries currently most sensitive to Russian gas supplies for Saint-Gobain are Germany, 
Poland and the Czech Republic. The Group has drawn up various plans for continuing its 
operations in these countries enabling it to significantly mitigate the impact of a scenario in 
which all supplies of Russian gas were terminated. Various levers can be used by the Group 
such as the classification of priority industries, using alternative energy sources already 
prepared at certain sites, and increasing the flexibility of its production capacities. 
SEGMENT PERFORMANCE (LIKE-FOR-LIKE SALES) 
Northern Europe: strong sales growth driven by renovation 
Sales in the Northern Europe Region were up by 19.2% in the quarter, an acceleration from 
second-half 2021, with volumes up 3.1% on structurally supportive renovation markets. 
Nordic countries reported further robust growth thanks to their successful presence across the 
entire trade professional value chain; an omnichannel digital offering; the recent launch of new 
lightweight and resource-efficient plasterboard solutions; and a renovation market buoyed by 
energy efficiency projects. The United Kingdom – which has been very active recently in 
optimizing its portfolio – reported good growth driven by façade and interior solutions in a 
dynamic renovation market. Germany also saw growth accelerate on the back of its solid 
market positions in energy efficiency renovation, with enhanced stimulus measures. Eastern

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Europe reported excellent momentum with market share gains in its main countries, 
particularly Poland, the Czech Republic and Romania.  
Southern Europe - Middle East & Africa: strong sales momentum driven by renovation 
Sales for the Southern Europe - Middle East & Africa Region enjoyed good momentum, with 
sales up 15.9%, an acceleration from second-half 2021, driven by prices in the context of a 
high comparison basis in March. All countries in the Region reported double-digit organic 
growth driven by an outperformance on the renovation market, successfully targeted by our 
comprehensive solutions. Compared to first-quarter 2019 (pre-Covid), volumes were up 7.3%. 
France enjoyed further good momentum, driven by structurally supportive renovation markets. 
MaPrimeRenov’ – France’s household stimulus package encouraging home renovations –
remains a success and trade professionals continue to see full order books. The Group’s 
unrivalled presence across the entire value chain – from manufacturing to merchanting and in-
store advice – has driven its outperformance, thanks to an optimized service in close alignment 
with customers’ needs and a comprehensive range of sustainable and innovative solutions. For 
example, Weber Flex Col Eco, our patented low-carbon cement-free mortars, has seen a sharp 
increase in sales with market share gains. Saint-Gobain also launched a €120 million capital 
expenditure program for insulation in France, aimed at expanding its production capacities, of 
which €20 million is earmarked specifically for efforts to decarbonize activities and develop 
the circular economy. Spain and Benelux progressed, particularly in light and sustainable 
construction solutions, along with Italy, where the Group has fully leveraged its commercial 
synergies to meet the strong demand for energy efficient renovation supported by tax credits. 
In addition, the Group continues to invest to improve its energy mix, for example by installing 
solar panels in Italy at its Vidalengo insulation plant. Middle East and Africa delivered further 
robust growth, benefiting from the opening of new plants and upbeat markets, particularly in 
Turkey and Egypt. 
Americas: strong sales growth driven by comprehensive light construction solutions 
The Americas Region delivered 16.8% organic growth over the quarter, an acceleration from 
second-half 2021 on the back of a further improvement in prices and despite a high comparison 
basis for volumes. Compared to first-quarter 2019 (pre-Covid), volumes were up by 15.7%, 
buoyed by strong demand and market share gains. 
- 
North America progressed by 16.3%, driven by the development of a comprehensive 
range of solutions and by good momentum in light construction – from roofing and 
siding for the building envelope to interior performance solutions for user comfort and 
energy efficiency. Our local organization close to customers once again helped us 
mitigate supply chain tensions along with labor shortages at the start of the year in the 
context of the coronavirus pandemic. Saint-Gobain has also launched its investments 
to increase production capacities in plasterboard, roofing and insulation as part of its 
capital expenditure program of more than USD 400 million over the next two years. 
- 
Latin America reported robust 17.9% growth, on a par with second-half 2021, despite 
a higher comparison basis and a less dynamic macroeconomic environment in Brazil. 
Growth in all countries of the Region continues to be driven by increased sales prices, 
an improved mix, newly opened production facilities, and an enhanced geographical 
footprint and product range thanks to targeted acquisitions country-by-country.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Asia-Pacific: strong sales growth 
The Asia-Pacific Region reported 24.6% organic growth over the quarter, representing an 
acceleration from second-half 2021, with volumes up 7.3%. 
India delivered another excellent performance thanks to market share gains and an integrated 
and innovative range of solutions, particularly for energy- and resource-efficient buildings. The 
integration of Rockwool India in stone wool insulation was completed as planned in early 
February, and rounds out the Group’s leading positions in façade and interior solutions. Despite 
a deteriorating health situation as from March, China also reported further growth, driven by 
market share gains in the supportive light construction sector, where recent low-carbon 
building directives will help accelerate growth. South-East Asia had a very good quarter and 
continues to diversify its offering – particularly in construction chemicals – after a second-half 
2021 performance hard hit by the restrictions imposed in light of the coronavirus pandemic. 
High Performance Solutions (HPS): clear growth in sales despite a slow recovery in the 
mobility market 
HPS sales were up by 10.2% over the quarter, including a positive 4.7% volume effect, 
benefiting from the broad market recovery excluding European automotive. 
- 
Businesses serving global construction customers reported record sales and 
outperformed the market with 22.2% growth. They continue to benefit from upbeat 
trends in textile solutions for external thermal insulation systems (ETICS) thanks to 
good momentum in sustainable construction. The very strong trends in Chryso sales 
continued – driven by decarbonization in the construction sector – as integration efforts 
ramped up. 
- 
The Mobility business advanced slightly, up 1.9% on the back of a progression in sales 
to the Americas and China, particularly in electric vehicles which represent an 
increasing proportion of sales. The downturn in Europe continued, becoming more 
pronounced at the end of the period as the geopolitical context and health restrictions 
in China weighed on value chains and procurement capacities. However, thanks to its 
very strong positioning in electric vehicles and high value-added products, the Mobility 
business continued to significantly outperform the automotive market. 
- 
Businesses serving Industry progressed by 14.3%, supported by activities relating to 
investment cycles such as ceramic refractories, which are now trading above 2019 
levels and which benefit from innovation in specialty materials and decarbonization 
technologies for our customers. Against this backdrop, Valoref, a pioneer in ceramic 
recycling in Europe, now plans to expand operations into North America, China and 
India. 
OUTLOOK AND STRATEGIC PRIORITIES 
2022 outlook 
Despite a difficult geopolitical environment along with ongoing disruptions to global supply 
chains, in 2022 the Group should continue to fully leverage the good momentum in its main 
markets – especially renovation in Europe as well as construction in the Americas and in Asia 
– and reaffirm its excellent operating performance thanks to a solid and well-aligned

--- Page 142 ---
142 
organization. In this environment, and provided there is no new major impact related to the 
coronavirus pandemic and the geopolitical situation, Saint-Gobain expects the following trends 
for its segments: 
- 
Europe: supportive renovation market requiring comprehensive solutions that increase 
efficiency and save time for customers within each country, albeit with a high 
comparison basis in the first half; 
- 
Americas: upbeat market trends, particularly in residential construction in North 
America and in Latin America overall, despite a less dynamic environment in Brazil; 
- 
Asia-Pacific: market growth with continued good momentum in India and a gradual 
recovery in South-East Asia; short-term uncertainties in China owing to Covid-related 
restrictions; 
- 
High Performance Solutions: market growth with supportive long-term trends in 
sustainable construction and a demand for innovation and new materials for industry 
decarbonization and green mobility, despite uncertainties regarding the automotive 
market in Europe. 
Strategic priorities 
Our strategic priorities for 2022 are fully aligned with the medium and long-term structural 
growth scenario in the “Grow & Impact” plan: 
1) Accelerate the Group’s growth and impact  
- 
Outperformance versus our markets, thanks notably to our comprehensive range of 
integrated, differentiated and innovative 
solutions 
offering sustainability 
and 
performance for our customers, developed within the scope of an organization as close 
to the ground as possible in each country or market; 
- 
Strengthen our key role in building a carbon-neutral economy thanks to our 
positive-impact solutions; 
- 
Ongoing optimization of the Group’s profile, with the full effect of the Chryso 
integration and preparation for the GCP acquisition, as part of a vigorous dynamic of 
targeted and value-creating acquisitions and divestments. 
2) Continue our initiatives focused on profitability and performance: maintain a robust 
margin and strong free cash flow generation 
- 
Constant focus on the price-cost spread, with strong pricing proactivity as in 2021; 
- 
Disciplined continuation of our operational excellence program; 
- 
Maintaining the structural improvement in operating working capital requirement 
while rebuilding a good level of inventories to best serve customers; 
- 
Capital expenditure of around €1.8 billion, in line with the Group’s objective of 
between 3.5% and 4.5% of sales, with strict allocation to high-growth markets and 
digital transformation.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
FINANCIAL CALENDAR 
A conference call will be held at 6:30pm (Paris time) on April 28, 2022: +33 1 72 72 74 03 or 
+44 20 7194 3759, dial-in code: 23231855# 
- 
First-half 2022 results: Wednesday July 27, 2022, after close of trading on the Paris 
Bourse. 
- 
Third-quarter 2022 sales: Thursday October 27, 2022, after close of trading on the Paris 
Bourse. 
Analyst/Investor relations 
Vivien Dardel: +33 1 88 54 29 77 
Floriana Michalowska: +33 1 88 54 19 09 
Christelle Gannage: +33 1 88 54 15 49 
Alix Sicaud: +33 1 88 54 38 70 
Press relations 
Patricia Marie: +33 1 88 54 26 83 
Susanne Trabitzsch: +33 1 88 54 27 96 
 
Glossary: 
Indicators of organic growth and like-for-like changes in sales/operating income reflect the Group’s underlying 
performance excluding the  
impact of: 
 changes in Group structure, by calculating indicators for the year under review based 
on the scope of consolidation of the previous year (Group structure impact); 
 changes in foreign exchange rates, by calculating indicators for the year under review 
and those for the previous year based on identical foreign exchange rates for the 
previous year (currency impact); 
 changes in applicable accounting policies. 
Operating income: see Note 5 to the 2021 consolidated financial statements, available by clicking here: 
https://www.saint-gobain.com/en/news/full-year-2021-results  
EBITDA = operating income plus operating depreciation and amortization less non-operating costs. 
Free cash flow = EBITDA less depreciation of right-of-use assets, plus net financial expense, plus income tax, 
less capital expenditure excluding  
additional capacity investments, plus change in working capital requirement over the past 12 months. 
Important disclaimer – forward-looking statements: 
This press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to Saint-Gobain’s financial condition, results, 
business, strategy, plans and outlook. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the use of the words 
“expect”, “anticipate”, “believe", "intend", "estimate", "plan" and similar expressions. Although Saint-Gobain 
believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions 
as at the time of publishing this document, investors are cautioned that these statements are not guarantees of its 
future performance. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of a 
number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are difficult to predict and 
In this context, Saint-Gobain confirms that it is targeting a further increase in 
operating income in 2022 compared to 2021 at constant exchange rates.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
are generally beyond the control of Saint-Gobain, including but not limited to the risks described in the “Risk 
Factors” section of Saint-Gobain’s Universal Registration Document available on its website (www.saint-
gobain.com). Accordingly, readers of this document are cautioned against relying on these forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this document. Saint-Gobain disclaims 
any intention or obligation to complete, update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable laws and regulations. 
This press release does not constitute any offer to purchase or exchange, nor any solicitation of an offer to 
sell or exchange securities of Saint-Gobain.  
For further information, please visit www.saint-gobain.com. 
Appendix 1: Contribution of prices and volumes to organic sales growth by Segment 
 
Q1 2022 
Like-for-like 
change 
Prices 
Volumes 
Northern Europe 
+19.2% 
+16.1% 
+3.1% 
Southern Europe - ME & Africa 
+15.9% 
+15.8% 
+0.1% 
Americas 
+16.8% 
+17.7% 
-0.9% 
Asia-Pacific 
+24.6% 
+17.3% 
+7.3% 
High Performance Solutions 
+10.2% 
+5.5%
 
+4.7% 
Group Total 
+16.4% 
+14.5% 
+1.9% 
 
 
 
Appendix 2: Breakdown of organic sales growth and external sales 
 
Q1 2022 
Like-for-like 
change 
%  Group 
Northern Europe 
+19.2% 
32.4% 
Nordics 
+17.5% 
13.1% 
United Kingdom - Ireland 
+18.4% 
9.8% 
Germany - Austria 
+16.9% 
3.3% 
Southern Europe - ME & Africa 
+15.9% 
30.1% 
France 
+13.4% 
23.7% 
Spain - Italy 
+20.4% 
3.4% 
Americas 
+16.8% 
15.7% 
North America 
+16.3% 
11.2% 
Latin America 
+17.9% 
4.5% 
Asia-Pacific 
+24.6% 
3.8% 
High Performance Solutions 
+10.2% 
18.0% 
Construction and industry
+15.6% 
11.8% 
Mobility
+1.9% 
6.2% 
Group Total 
+16.4% 
100%

--- Page 145 ---
145 
On 12 May 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN DIVESTS SPECIALIST FLOORING DISTRIBUTOR AND TWO 
GLASS PROCESSING FACILITIES IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
Saint-Gobain has entered into binding agreements for the sale of International Decorative 
Surfaces (IDS), its specialist flooring, worktop and laminate distributor in the UK to Chiltern 
Capital. IDS employs 500 people and has 17 distribution hubs and makeover centers, 
generating a turnover of approximately €130 million in 2021.  
In addition, Saint-Gobain has also reached binding agreements for the divestment of two UK 
Glass processing facilities specialized in the manufacturing of double-glazed units. The two 
sites in Motherwell, Scotland and Canterbury together generated sales of approximatively €20 
million in 2021, and employ around 80 people. 
Completion of these divestments is expected by the end of the second quarter of 2022 and 
marks the exit of Saint-Gobain from all specialist UK distribution brands. 
These transactions are part of Saint-Gobain’s continued business profile optimization strategy, 
consistent with the “Grow & Impact” plan objectives.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
On 12 May 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN 
OPTIMIZES 
ITS 
TECHNOLOGICAL 
POSITIONING 
TO 
ACCELERATE ITS GROWTH IN HIGH PERFORMANCE SOLUTIONS 
- 
Two targeted acquisitions in specialist window films and high-performance 
refractories 
- 
Two divestments in traditional ceramic applications 
Saint-Gobain announces the closing of two acquisitions in High Performance Solutions: 
Global SFC and Monofrax LLC, which represent around €20 million of annual sales. 
 Global SFC is a technological leader in nano-ceramic window film coatings, located 
close to Daejeon, South Korea. This acquisition will allow the enhancement of 
insulation properties for the range of films from Solar Gard®, global leader in 
innovative film technologies for solar control and surface protection addressing the 
sustainable construction and sustainable mobility markets. 
 Monofrax LLC is a regional leader in fused cast refractories in the United States, 
located in Falconer, New York. This acquisition will enhance our global footprint and 
enable further localization of refractory production close to the end-customer. It will 
enable the development 
of high-end 
glass melting applications 
and further 
decarbonation of light metal smelting processes.  
Saint-Gobain has also entered into binding agreements for the sale of certain ceramic 
businesses in Brazil and the United States mainly destined for the traditional iron and steel 
industry to the Japanese company Shinagawa Refractories Corporation. Together they 
generated a turnover of around €70 million in 2021. The completion of the transactions is 
expected by the end of 2022 or beginning of 2023. 
 The Vinhedo site in the State of São Paulo, Brazil employs more than 300 people.  
 The US site in Latrobe, close to Pittsburgh, employs around 50 people.  
These actions aim at focusing the Group’s High Performance Solutions activities on its most 
important higher growth global markets – where Saint-Gobain holds a leadership position 
thanks to its innovation capabilities, allowing it to accelerate the efforts of its customers 
towards carbon neutrality and circularity. 
They are part of Saint-Gobain’s continued business profile optimization strategy, in line with 
the “Grow & Impact” plan objectives.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
On 16 May 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN ACHIEVES THE FIRST ZERO-CARBON PRODUCTION OF FLAT 
GLASS IN THE WORLD 
Saint-Gobain has become the first player in the world to achieve zero carbon production of flat 
glass.  
This technological feat was achieved last week by using 100% recycled glass (cullet) and 100% 
green energy, produced from biogas and decarbonized electricity. It was implemented for one 
week in Saint-Gobain's flat glass manufacturing plant in Aniche, northern France.  
By mobilizing the network of partners developed by Saint-Gobain, the focus was placed on 
circularity, with the use of 100% cullet from end-of-life glass from renovation or demolition 
sites and from production offcuts. The Group's industrial and research teams succeeded in 
adjusting all of the furnace's technical parameters to this dual challenge of operating with 100% 
recycled material and 100% biogas, while ensuring the right optical quality of the glass. This 
pilot production demonstrates Saint-Gobain's capacity for innovation throughout the value 
chain. 
This achievement is a clear demonstration of Saint-Gobain's commitment to reach carbon 
neutrality by 2050. It complements the Group's investment announced last year to build the 
world's first carbon neutral plasterboard plant in Norway. It further strengthens the Group’s 
position as the worldwide leader in light and sustainable construction and its leading role in 
helping to build a carbon-neutral economy.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
On 24 May 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN ACQUIRES FIBROPLAC AND FALPER TO ACCELERATE ITS 
GROWTH AS A LEADER IN LIGHT AND SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION IN 
PORTUGAL 
Saint-Gobain has entered into an agreement to acquire the companies Fibroplac and Falper: 
 Fibroplac, with a plant located in Pombal (center of Portugal), is well recognized in 
the Portuguese market by the high quality of its production of gypsum plasterboards. 
 Falper, with a plant in Vila Nova de Gaia (Porto district in Portugal), has developed an 
advanced digital solution for the design and manufacturing of light steel structures. 
With a joint turnover of around 15 million euros and 75 employees, these two acquisitions will 
reinforce and accelerate the strong growth of Saint-Gobain in Portugal by: 
 Providing local offer of high quality gypsum plasterboard to accelerate the double-digit 
growth of plasterboard systems. 
 Developing integrated sustainable solutions by combining light steel framing, 
plasterboard, insulation and construction chemicals products that will address the needs 
on the fast growing off-site modular construction market. 
In Portugal, Saint-Gobain has 10 factories as well as a technical development center in Aveiro 
and employs more than 650 persons. 
These acquisitions are aligned with Saint-Gobain’s “Grow & Impact” strategy that is being 
successfully implemented in Portugal to reinforce its leadership position in light and 
sustainable construction. The closure of these transactions is subject to the approval of the 
competition authorities.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
On 27 May 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN DIVESTS SEVERAL GLASS PROCESSING BUSINESSES IN 
GERMANY AND AUSTRIA 
Saint-Gobain has entered into agreements for the sale of its glass processing businesses Eckelt 
Glas and Glas Ziegler in Austria to the privately-owned German group AEQUITA, as well as 
the sale of its holding in the co-venture Glaskontor Erfurt – a glass processing business in 
Germany – to the CALEOGLAS Group. The closing of all these transactions is expected by 
the summer 2022.  
Together, these businesses generated sales of around €55 million in 2021 and employ more 
than 320 people.  
These transactions are part of Saint-Gobain’s continued business profile optimization strategy, 
in line with the “Grow & Impact” plan objectives.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
On 31 May 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN REINFORCES ITS LEADERSHIP IN LIGHT AND SUSTAINABLE 
CONSTRUCTION IN 
NORTH AMERICA BY 
SIGNING 
A 
DEFINITIVE 
AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE KAYCAN, TOP SIDING PLAYER IN CANADA 
Saint-Gobain announces today that it has entered into a definitive agreement pursuant to which 
the Group will acquire Kaycan, Ltd., a family-owned manufacturer and distributor of exterior 
building materials in Canada and in the United States, for US$928 million (approximately €860 
million) in cash. 
With this acquisition, Saint-Gobain reinforces its worldwide leadership in light and sustainable 
construction by becoming the top siding player in Canada and enlarging its vinyl offer across 
the United States with complementary solutions including notably aluminum and engineered 
wood.  
The price represents a multiple (before synergies) of approximately 11.2x Kaycan’s 2021-
2022E1 EBITDA of US$83 million and a net acquisition price of approximately US$820 
million, i.e. a multiple of approximately 8.0x EBITDA post run-rate synergies of US$30 
million and after the planned divestiture of the small United States distribution arm of Kaycan 
(that accounts for c.US$70 million in stand-alone resell of Kaycan products to third parties and 
c.US$10 million in EBITDA, assumed to be sold at a similar pre-synergy multiple to a third 
party shortly after the finalization of the transaction), while keeping the locally well-established 
Canadian distribution. 
This acquisition meets the Group’s strategic and financial criteria articulated during the Capital 
Markets Day of October 6, 2021:  
1) Strengthening the Group’s leadership in North America as well as enriching our 
offering in light and sustainable construction 
2) Value creation by year 3 following the closing of the transaction 
3) Maintaining a strong balance sheet and solid credit rating with a limited impact of 
+0.1x net debt to EBITDA with leverage staying within the target set (1.5 to 2.0x) 
Closing of the transaction is subject to antitrust approvals and satisfaction of other customary 
closing conditions; it is expected to close by year-end 2022. 
STRATEGIC BENEFITS 
Kaycan is a leading exterior building materials player with US$472 million in revenues – 
more than half in Canada and the remainder in the United States, 12 manufacturing plants 
(of which 9 in Canada) and employing around 1,300 people. It is the leading manufacturer of 
siding products in Canada which it sells thanks to its well-known and trusted brand via its 
dedicated distribution and strong channel coverage in big box retail, providing unparalleled 
customer reach across the country and with recycling services of post-consumption materials 
which can in turn be incorporated into the production process. Leveraging the highly efficient 
country organization of Saint-Gobain, this acquisition will complement the Group’s leadership 
in Canada (where Saint-Gobain achieved 2021 sales of around CAD$750 million across 
gypsum, insulation, ceilings and roofing) allowing it to broaden the light and sustainable

--- Page 151 ---
151 
construction solutions offered for the benefit of its Canadian customers. It will also allow Saint-
Gobain to strengthen and expand its channel coverage and partnerships to reach new customers 
in the light commercial market.  
The acquisition also enables Saint-Gobain to reinforce its activities in siding in the United 
States and will allow the Group to broaden its offer towards the growing markets of aluminum 
and engineered wood siding solutions, manufactured using a high degree of recycled materials.  
VALUE CREATION & SYNERGIES 
A value-creative transaction for Saint-Gobain’s shareholders with significant synergies. 
This acquisition will create value by year 3 following closing of the transaction. Saint-Gobain 
will finance the acquisition through cash on its balance sheet. Significant synergy opportunities 
are estimated at c. US$30 million by year 3 following the closing of the operation, including 
cost synergies of c. US$23 million which are expected to be captured through the reduction of 
SG&A, economies of scale in procurement, and manufacturing and logistics cost optimization. 
Benoit Bazin, Chief Executive Officer of Saint-Gobain, commented: 
“The acquisition of Kaycan is an excellent step for Saint-Gobain and I am very enthusiastic to 
warmly welcome the Kaycan teams into the Group. Not only does this acquisition allow us to 
strengthen our presence in siding both in Canada and in the United States, but it also allows 
us to broaden our offering into the exciting growth areas of aluminum and engineered wood 
siding, largely made with recycled materials and thus helping to drive the circular economy 
ecosystem in construction. It is perfectly aligned with the “Grow & Impact” strategy 
announced at our Capital Markets Day and reinforces our position in North America and as 
the worldwide leader in light and sustainable construction. It will create significant value for 
shareholders, enhance the profitable growth outlook of the Group, enrich our solutions for 
customers and provide attractive development opportunities for the Kaycan and Saint-Gobain 
teams.” 
Lionel Dubrofsky, President of Kaycan, commented: 
“Today marks the beginning of an exciting new chapter of Kaycan’s history. Ever since my 
family founded Kaycan in 1974, our team has been laser-focused on providing the best 
customer service possible throughout Canada and the United States, all while pushing the 
boundaries of imagination and innovation to expand our product portfolio over the past 
decades. Now we have the opportunity to join Saint-Gobain, a renowned leader in light and 
sustainable construction. We are filled with gratitude for our team’s hard work over the past 
48 years, and we’re thrilled to see what comes next for our combined companies.” 
Analyst/Investor Conference Call on May 31, 2022 at 6:30 p.m. Paris time (GMT + 1) 
Dial-in: + 33 1 72 72 74 03 or +44 20 7194 3759 (code 35834573#) 
Please dial in 5 to 10 minutes prior to the scheduled start time. 
Replay: +33 1 70 71 01 60 or +44 20 3364 5147 (code 425021791#) from 09:00 p.m. Paris 
time until June 30, 2022.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
A presentation will be available before the conference call on Saint-Gobain’s website at: 
https://www.saint-gobain.com/en/finance/financial-events 
 
1 2021-2022E = fiscal year starting August 1st, 2021 and ending July 31st, 2022

--- Page 153 ---
153 
On 2 June 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
RECORD OPERATING INCOME EXPECTED IN FIRST-HALF 2022 
Trends since the start of 2022 confirm the good momentum of the Group’s markets, especially 
renovation in Europe and construction in the Americas and in Asia (excluding China), driven 
by prices thanks to the added value brought by its solutions in the context of a high volume 
comparison basis last year. 
This performance reflects the Group’s strategic positioning as the worldwide leader in light 
and sustainable construction, deploying country-by-country its unique range of innovative 
solutions offering sustainability and performance to maximize the positive impact for its 
customers, as part of its “Grow & Impact” plan. 
In this context, Saint-Gobain confirms that it is targeting a further increase in operating income 
in 2022 compared to 2021 at constant exchange rates. In first-half 2022, the Group expects the 
operating income to exceed the record level of first-half 2021 and to achieve a double-digit 
operating margin. 
First-half 2022 results will be published on Wednesday July 27, 2022.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
On 2 June 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING, JUNE 2, 2022 
The General Shareholders’ Meeting of Compagnie de Saint-Gobain was held today in Paris.  
The shareholders present or represented at the meeting held an aggregate 69.43% of the 
outstanding shares and all resolutions were adopted. 
In particular, Mr. Pierre-André de Chalendar’s term of office was renewed by the General 
Shareholders’ Meeting by a majority of nearly 95% and the Board of Directors reappointed 
him as Chairman of the Board of Directors, in accordance with the statement expressed in the 
press release of March 25, 2022. As a reminder, Pierre-André de Chalendar has indicated to the 
Board of Directors that he would serve as Chairman for a maximum period of two years, i.e. 
until the June 2024 General Meeting at the latest. 
In addition, the General Shareholders’ Meeting held today ratified the co-optation of Ms. Lina 
Ghotmeh and approved the appointment of Mr. Thierry Delaporte.  
As Ms. Anne-Marie Idrac reached the age limit, her term of office expired at the end of the 
General Shareholders’ Meeting. During the years of her term, the experience and judgment of 
Ms. Anne-Marie Idrac have contributed greatly to the discussions and decisions of the Board. 
The Board of Directors has decided to appoint Mr. Jean-François Cirelli as Chairman of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee to succeed her.  
The Board of Directors of Compagnie de Saint-Gobain is composed of 14 members (including 
two Employee Directors and one Director representing employee shareholders).  
It consists of 50% women, 36% foreign Directors and 73% independent Directors (excluding 
Employee Directors and Directors representing employee shareholders, in accordance with the 
French Commercial Code and the Afep-Medef Corporate Governance Code).  
The General Shareholders’ Meeting also approved the payment of a dividend of €1.63 per 
share (compared to €1.33 for fiscal year 2020), to be wholly paid in cash. The ex-dividend 
date will be June 6, 2022 and the dividend payment will be made as from June 8, 2022. 
A webcast of the General Shareholders’ Meeting and the results of the vote on each resolution 
will be available on the Company’s website (www.saint-gobain.com) as from June 3, 2022.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
On 9 June 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN TO CREATE THE FIRST NET-ZERO CARBON PLASTERBOARD 
PLANT IN NORTH AMERICA 
Saint-Gobain has announced an investment of approximately CAD$90 million in its 
plasterboard plant close to Montréal, Canada, to increase its production capacity by about 40% 
and transform it into the first carbon-neutral plasterboard plant in North America. The new 
facility will be operational in 2024. 
The investment, to keep pace with unprecedented customer demand in a very dynamic local 
market, notably consists of the electrification of the production process which currently uses 
natural gas. On completion, the plant will be solely powered by green electricity. 
This project, which is supported by a CAD$40 million contribution from the Quebec 
government via its EcoPerformance program, will reduce the site's energy consumption by 30% 
and eliminate around 40,000 tons of CO2 emissions per year, creating one of the most energy-
efficient plasterboard plants in the world. 
This investment for a second carbon-neutral plasterboard plant – the first one in North America 
– following the Group’s investment announced last year to build the world’s first carbon-
neutral plasterboard plant in Norway, is yet another tangible demonstration of Saint-Gobain's 
commitment to reduce its CO2 emissions by 33% by 2030 compared to 2017 (scope 1 and 2), 
with the aim of becoming carbon neutral by 2050. It further strengthens the Group’s position 
as the worldwide leader in light and sustainable construction and its leading role in helping to 
build a carbon-neutral economy. It also allows Saint-Gobain to strengthen its leadership 
position in the Canadian lightweight construction market and to respond to the strong demand 
for more sustainable solutions.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
On 10 June 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN CANCELS 8.9 MILLION SHARES 
On June 10, 2022, Saint-Gobain cancelled 8,871,654 treasury shares acquired on the market.  
Following this operation, the total number of shares composing the capital is 520 million shares 
and the number of shares outstanding is now 516 million shares, compared to 521 million at 
end-December 2021.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
On 4 July 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SAINT-GOBAIN DIVESTS ITS WOOD PROCESSING AND DISTRIBUTION 
BUSINESS IN DENMARK 
Saint-Gobain has signed a binding agreement to sell its wood processing and distribution 
business in Denmark, Protræ, because of inadequate positioning and lack of critical mass, to 
its main customer jem & fix. Protræ employs around 100 people located in two facilities in 
Rødding and Holsted, and generated sales of around €120 million in 2021.  
This transaction is part of Saint-Gobain’s continued business profile optimization strategy, in 
line with the “Grow & Impact” plan objectives. It is subject to the approval of the relevant 
competition authorities and should be finalized by the end of the third quarter 2022.

--- Page 158 ---
TAXATION 
France Taxation 
The descriptions below are intended as a basic summary of certain withholding tax 
consequences that may be relevant in France to holders of Notes who do not concurrently hold 
shares of the Issuer. They are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. They 
are based upon laws and regulations as interpreted by the French tax authorities as at the date 
hereof which may be subject to change, possibly with a retroactive effect. Persons who are in 
any doubt as to their tax position should consult a professional tax adviser. 
Pursuant to Article 125 A III of the French General Tax Code, payments of interest or other 
forms of revenue paid on such Notes made by the Issuer are not subject to withholding tax 
unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory within 
the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French General Tax Code (a “Non-Cooperative State”), 
in which case a 75% withholding tax is applicable subject to exceptions, certain of which are 
set forth below, and to the more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. The 
75% withholding tax is applicable irrespective of the tax residence of the Noteholder. The list 
of Non-Cooperative States is published by a ministerial executive order, which may be updated 
at any time and at least once a year. A law no 2018-898 published on 24 October 2018 has (i) 
removed the specific exclusion of the Member States of the European Union, (ii) expanded the 
list of Non-Cooperative States as defined under Article 238-0 A of the French General Tax 
Code, to include states and jurisdictions on the blacklist published by the Council of the 
European Union as amended from time to time and (iii) as a consequence, expanded this 
withholding tax regime to certain states and jurisdictions included in such blacklist. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French General Tax Code, interest and other 
revenues will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income, if they are paid or accrued to 
persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to a bank account opened 
in a financial institution located in such a Non-Cooperative State. The above mentioned law 
published on 24 October 2018 which amended the Non-Cooperative State list, expanded this 
regime to all the states and jurisdictions included in the blacklist published by the Council of 
the European Union as amended from time to time. Under certain conditions, any such non-
deductible interest or other revenues may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant 
to Articles 109 et seq. of the French General Tax Code, in which case such non-deductible 
interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 
2 of the same Code, at a rate of (i) 25% for the fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2022 
for Noteholders who are non-French tax resident legal persons, (ii) 12.8% for Noteholders who 
are non-French tax resident individuals, in each case (x) unless payments are made in a Non-
Cooperative State (which includes states and jurisdictions included in the blacklist published 
by the Council of the European Union as amended from time to time subject to certain 
limitations for the application of the withholding tax set forth in Article 119 bis 2 of the French 
General Tax Code) in which case the withholding tax rate would be equal to 75% and (y) 
subject to certain exceptions and to more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax 
treaty.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75% withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III 
of the French General Tax Code, nor, to the extent the relevant interest or revenues relate to 
genuine transactions and is not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, neither the non-
deductibility of the interest and other revenues nor the withholding tax set out under Article 
119 bis 2 of the same Code that may be levied as a result of such non-deductibility, will apply

--- Page 159 ---
159 
in respect of a particular issue of Notes provided that the Issuer can prove that the main purpose 
and effect of such issue of Notes is not that of allowing the payments of interest or other 
revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the “Exception”).  
In addition, under French tax administrative guidelines (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 no 290 dated 
24 February 2021, BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 no 150 dated 24 February 2021, BOI-RPPM-RCM-
30-10-20-40-20191220 no 1 and 10 dated 20 December 2019 and BOI-IR-DOMIC-10-20-20-
60-20191220 no 10 dated 20 December 2019) an issue of Notes benefits from the Exception 
without the Issuer having to provide any evidence supporting the main purpose and effect of 
such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i) offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a 
Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer 
requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign 
securities market authority; or 
(ii) admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral 
securities trading system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-
Cooperative State, and the operation of such market is carried out by a market operator 
or an investment services provider, or by some other similar foreign entity, provided 
further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located 
in a Non-Cooperative State; or  
(iii)admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a 
securities clearing and delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of 
Article L.561-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, or of one or more similar 
foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositaries or operators are not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
The tax regime applicable to Notes issued on or after 1 March 2010 which are consolidated 
(assimilables for the purpose of French law) with Notes issued before 1 March 2010 will be 
set out in the final terms of the Notes where relevant. 
Withholding tax applicable to French tax resident individuals 
Pursuant to Article 125 A of the French General Tax Code (i.e. where the paying agent 
(établissement payeur) is established in France), subject to certain exceptions, interest and 
other similar income received by French tax resident individuals is subject to a 12.8% levy 
withheld at source, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of 
the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity 
levy) are also levied by way of withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2% on interest paid 
to French tax resident individuals. Holders of Notes who are French tax resident individuals 
are urged to consult with their usual tax advisor on the way the 12.8% levy and the 17.2% 
social contributions are collected, in particular where the paying agent is not established in 
France. 
European financial transaction tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (the “FTT”) in Austria,

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and Spain (the 
“Participating Member States”) and which, if enacted, could apply under certain 
circumstances to transactions involving the Notes. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The mechanism by which the tax would be applied and collected is not yet known, but if the 
proposed directive or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to 
higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished. 
Following the lack of consensus in the negotiations on the Commission’s Proposal, the 
Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) and the scope of such tax is uncertain. Based 
on recent public statements, the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) have agreed 
to continue negotiations on the basis of a proposal that would reduce the scope of the FTT and 
would only concern listed shares of European companies with a market capitalisation 
exceeding EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the taxation year. According to 
this revised proposal, the applicable tax rate would not be less than 0.2%. Such proposal 
remains subject to change until a final approval and it may therefore be altered prior to any 
implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate and/or certain of the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia 
which already withdrew) may decide to withdraw. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to 
seek their own professional advice in relation to the consequences of the FTT that could be 
associated with subscribing for, purchasing, holding and disposing of the Notes. 
 
US Taxation 
US persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their own tax advisers concerning 
the application of US federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the laws of 
any state, local or other taxing jurisdiction.

--- Page 161 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the “Programme Agreement”) dated 
13 October 2006, amended as of 14 December 2007, and amended and restated as of 
12 December 2008, as of 20 July 2011, as of 17 July 2013, as of 17 July 2015, as of 27 July 
2016, as of 12 July 2017, as of 13 July 2018, as of 11 April 2019, as of 9 June 2020, as of 16 
June 2021 and as of 13 July 2022 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them 
may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those 
matters stated under “Form of Final Terms” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in 
the offering of the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise 
affect the market price of the relevant Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. 
Specifically such persons may over-allot or create a short position in the Notes for their own 
account by selling more Notes than have been sold to them by the Issuer. Such persons may 
also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in the open market. In addition, 
such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for or purchasing 
Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions 
allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes 
are reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with 
stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or 
maintain the market price of the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in 
the open market. The imposition of a penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the 
extent that it discourages resales thereof. No representation is made as to the magnitude or 
effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, may be 
discontinued at any time. Stabilising activities may only be carried on by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules and such activities must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised 
to consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of 
such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes offered hereby or person wishing to transfer an interest 
from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, 
will be required (and in any event will be deemed) to acknowledge, represent and agree as 
follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used 
herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for 
the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in 
reliance on Rule 144A or (b) it is an Institutional Accredited Investor which has 
delivered an IAI Investment Letter or (c) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. 
person;

--- Page 162 ---
162 
(ii) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering 
in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. 
State securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and both is a person 
located outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to 
resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it 
will not do so within the later of (i) one year after the date of original issuance of the 
Notes and (ii) three months after it ceases to be an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144 
under the Securities Act) of the Issuer (or such later date as may be required by 
applicable laws), unless such resale or transfer is made (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate 
thereof, (b) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is 
a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance 
with Rule 903 or Rule 904 as applicable under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to the 
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if 
available), or (e) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities 
Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(iv) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes 
from it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above, if then applicable; 
(v) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or 
more Rule 144A Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors 
will be in the form of Definitive IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more 
Regulation S Global Notes; 
(vi) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the 
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR 
ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. 
STATE 
SECURITIES 
LAWS 
AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A 
“QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS OR (2) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL “ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) (AN “INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR”); (B) 
AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE 
SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN AND WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER 
THE SECURITIES PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE 
LATER OF THE DATE OF ORIGINAL ISSUANCE OF THIS SECURITY AND 
THREE MONTHS AFTER THE HOLDER HEREOF CEASES TO BE AN

--- Page 163 ---
163 
“AFFILIATE” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF 
THE ISSUER (OR SUCH LATER DATE AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY 
APPLICABLE LAWS), UNLESS SUCH OFFER OR TRANSFER IS MADE (1) TO 
THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE 
THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 AS 
APPLICABLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE 
STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) 
IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS 
SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT 
OF THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE 
CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES 
SENT 
TO 
THEIR 
REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, 
TO 
MODIFY 
THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) 
OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY 
SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF 
AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT 
ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”; 
(vii) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or 
otherwise transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period 
(defined as 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the 
completion of the distribution (for the purposes of Regulation S) of all of the Notes of 
the Tranche of which the Notes form a part), it will do so only (a)(i) outside the United 
States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 as applicable under the Securities Act or (ii) 
to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. 
State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear 
a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES 
ACT”), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED

--- Page 164 ---
164 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE 
TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE 
COMPLETION 
OF 
THE 
DISTRIBUTION 
(FOR 
THE 
PURPOSES OF 
REGULATION S) OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS 
NOTE FORMS PART.”;  
(viii) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it 
shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent 
for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect 
to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account; 
and 
(ix) 
that the foregoing restrictions apply to holders of beneficial interests in the Notes as 
well as to registered holders of the Notes. 
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered 
and sold in the United States are required to execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI 
Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an IAI Investment Letter by an Institutional 
Accredited Investor, Notes will be issued in definitive registered form, see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. 
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(i) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Base Prospectus 
and such other information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment 
decision; 
(ii) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that any subsequent transfer of 
the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
and the Notes (including those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not 
to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such 
restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act; 
(iii) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests 
in or purchases securities similar to the Notes; 
(iv) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an institutional “accredited investor” within 
the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act 
and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be 
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any 
accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such 
accounts’ investment for an indefinite period of time; 
(v) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its 
own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited 
Investor) as to each of which it exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view 
to any distribution of the Notes, subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the 
disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain within its control; and

--- Page 165 ---
165 
(vi) 
that it is acquiring for (unless it is a bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others) its own 
account, and if it is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others it is acquiring for 
each other account for which it is purchasing Notes, Notes having a minimum purchase 
price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified 
Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$250,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to 
Institutional Accredited Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal 
amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller 
principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each 
person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$250,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes.  
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or the state 
securities laws of any state of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S, 
unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. 
The Notes in bearer form (other than Notes with a maturity of 365 days or less including 
unilateral rollovers and extensions) are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”), or in accordance with the provisions of United 
States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder, including the D 
Rules. 
In respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that: 
(1)  except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, it (a) has not 
offered or sold, and during the restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes in 
bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to 
a United States person, and (b) has not delivered and will not deliver within 
the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are 
sold during the restricted period; 
(2)  it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect 
procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are 
directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes 
may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
as permitted by the TEFRA D;

--- Page 166 ---
166 
(3)  if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes in bearer 
form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it 
retains Notes in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); 
and 
(4)  with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes 
in bearer form for the purpose of offering or selling such Notes during the 
restricted period, it either (a) repeats and confirms the representations and 
agreements contained in clauses (1), (2) and (3) on its behalf or (b) agrees that 
it will obtain from such affiliate for the Issuer’s benefit the representations and 
agreements contained in clauses (1), (2) and (3).   
In addition, no Dealer has entered into, nor will enter into any contractual arrangement with 
any distributor (as that term is defined for purposes of Regulation S and the D Rules) with 
respect to the distribution of the Notes, except with an affiliate of one of the Dealers or with 
the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
Under the C Rules, Notes in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States 
and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has not offered, sold 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer form 
within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, 
in connection with the original issuance of Notes in bearer form, the Dealer has not 
communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser 
if either of the Dealer or the prospective purchaser is within the United States or its possessions 
or otherwise involve the Dealer’s U.S. office in the offer and sale of Notes in bearer form. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules.  
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on 
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under 
Regulation S (“Regulation S Notes”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to 
each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation 
S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined 
in Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an 
offer or sale of such Notes of such Tranche within the United States, or to or for the account of 
a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S, by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is 
made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold within the United States pursuant to a 
private placement, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Notes made in the United States made or 
approved by a Dealer (including offers, resales or other transfers made or approved by 
a Dealer in connection with secondary trading) shall be made with respect to Registered 
Notes only and shall be effected pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act; 
(ii) 
offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Notes made in the United States will be made 
only in private transactions to (1) a limited number of Institutional Accredited Investors 
that have executed and delivered to a Dealer an IAI Investment Letter, or (2) 
institutional investors that are reasonably believed to qualify as QIBs in compliance 
with Rule 144A; 
the Notes will be offered in the United States only by approaching prospective purchasers on 
an individual basis and not in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of 
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. No general solicitation or general advertising within the 
meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act will be used in connection with the offering 
of the Notes in the United States; and 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and 
sale of Notes outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and the 
offer and sale of Notes in the United States to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in 
reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A or certain Institutional Accredited Investors in reliance upon an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right 
to reject any offer to purchase, in whole or in part, for any reason, or to sell less than the number 
of Notes which may be offered pursuant to Rule 144A or to Institutional Accredited Investors. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any 
U.S. person other than any QIB or Institutional Accredited Investor to whom an offer has been 
made directly by one of the Dealers or an affiliate of one of the Dealers. Distribution of this 
Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States or by any QIB or 
Institutional Accredited Investor in the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person 
within the United States other than any QIB or Institutional Accredited Investor and those 
persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person or QIB or Institutional Accredited 
Investor with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the 
United States other than any QIB or Institutional Accredited Investor and those persons, if any, 
retained to advise such non-U.S. person or QIB or Institutional Accredited Investors, is 
prohibited. 
Each issue of Inflation Linked Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issue and purchase of such 
Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. Each 
relevant Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the programme will be 
required to agree that it will offer, sell or deliver such Notes only in compliance with such 
additional U.S. selling restrictions.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area (the “EEA”) Retail Investors 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, 
the “Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom (the “UK”) Retail Investors 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); or 
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, including any supplements and amendments thereto (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute 
a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Law of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “FIEL”) and each Dealer has 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief, on reasonable grounds and 
after making all reasonable investigations) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes or distribution 
of the prospectus under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer 
nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or

--- Page 170 ---
170 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating 
such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as if forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, including any 
supplements and amendments thereto (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms of domestic law in the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
 [Date] 
Compagnie de Saint-Gobain 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): NFONVGN05Z0FMN5PEC35 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 15,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 13 July 2022 which received approval n°22-[●] from the 
Autorité des marches financiers (the “AMF”) on [●] 2022 [and supplement(s) to it dated [●] 
which received approval n°[] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) 
thereto will be published electronically on the website of the AMF (http://www.AMF-
france.org). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  
The following alternative language applies if the first issue of a Series which is being increased 
was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used in this document are deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplemental 
prospectus dated [date]] (the “Conditions”) and incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] 2022 [and supplement(s) to it dated [●]]. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described in it for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU)

--- Page 173 ---
173 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 13 July 2022 which received approval n°22-[●] from the Autorité 
des marches financiers (the “AMF”) on [●] 2022 [and supplement(s) to it dated [●] which 
received approval n°[] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the 
Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [●]]. The Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto will be 
published electronically on the website of the AMF (www.AMF-france.org). Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]  
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●]%, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[€100,000] [and higher integral multiples of 
€1,000 in excess thereof] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate]/[particular reference rate] 
+/- [●]% Floating 
Rate]/[Inflation Linked 
interest]/[[●] years [insert currency] CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[Inverse 
Floating 
Rate]/[Fixed/Floating Rate]/[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption 
at par]/[●]/[Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption]

--- Page 174 ---
174 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable 
(for 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes)]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
First Interest Basis: 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / 
[Condition 6.2, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [13/14] below 
(ii) 
Second Interest Basis: 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / 
[Condition 6.2, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [13/14] below 
(iii) 
Switch Date: 
[Issuer Change of Interest Basis / Automatic 
Change of Interest Basis] on [●] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention]/[subject to no adjustment] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] / [Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer] / [Clean-up Call Option] / [Call 
Option] / [Not Applicable] [(further particulars 
specified below)]  
12. 
Date(s) of relevant corporate 
authorisations for issuance of 
Notes: 
[●] (Board Authorisation) and [●] (Decision to 
Issue) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In 
respect of 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) 
[] to (but excluding) []] 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●]%, per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year  
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year

--- Page 175 ---
175 
(vii) 
Range Accrual:  
[Applicable 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
below)]/[Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In 
respect of 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) 
[] to (but excluding) []] 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iv) below] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
 
 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination]/[CMS Rate] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●] 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[●] 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• Relevant Screen Page: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
• Reference Banks 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
• Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. Brussels time]/[●] 
• Index Determination (only 
applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• Observation Method (only 
applicable in the case of SONIA, 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Observation 
Look-
Back]/[Observation Shift]

--- Page 176 ---
176 
where Index Determination is not 
applicable) 
• Specified Time (only applicable 
in the case of SONIA, where Index 
Determination is Applicable) 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
• SOFR Determination (only 
applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Lockout 
Compound]/[SOFR 
Lookback 
Compound]/[SOFR 
Shift 
Compound]/[SOFR Index Average] 
• Observation Look-Back Period 
(only applicable in the case of (i) 
SONIA if the Observation Method 
is Observation Look-Back or (ii) 
SOFR Lookback Compound) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[●] 
London 
Banking 
Days]/[[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days]  
[if applicable, specify a number superior or 
equal to five London Banking Days or five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days (as 
applicable)] 
• Observation Shift Period (only 
applicable in the case of (i) SONIA 
if the Observation Method is 
Observation Shift or (ii) SOFR 
Shift Compound) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[●] 
London 
Banking 
Days]/[[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days]  
[if applicable, specify a number superior or 
equal to five London Banking Days or five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days (as 
applicable)] 
• Relevant Number (only 
applicable in the case of (i) 
SONIA, where Index 
Determination is applicable or (ii) 
SOFR Index Average) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[●] 
London 
Banking 
Days]/[[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days] 
• SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date (only 
applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[the 
date 
that 
is 
the 
[second]/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in respect of the relevant Interest Period] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• ISDA Definitions 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[●]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
[ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions if the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply)] 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
[only relevant where the Floating Rate Option is 
not a risk-free rate] 
• Reset Date: 
[●] 
• Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback]/[Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift]/[Compounding 
with Lockout]/[OIS Compounding]/[●] 
[Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix 
(as defined 
in 
the 2021 
ISDA 
Definitions)]] 
[Observation Shift Period: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Set-in advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Lockout: 
[[●] Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days:[●]] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
• Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback]/[ Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift]/[ Averaging with 
Lockout]/[Overnight Averaging]/[●]

--- Page 178 ---
178 
[Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix 
(as defined 
in 
the 2021 
ISDA 
Definitions)]] 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Set-in 
Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]  
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Lockout: 
[[●] Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
• Index Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method]/[All-In Compounded 
Index 
Method]/[Compounded 
Index 
Method]/[Compounded 
Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[●] 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Set-in 
Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]  
(x) 
CMS Rate 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
• Multiplier: 
[●]

--- Page 179 ---
179 
• First Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
• First Relevant Time: 
[●] 
• First Reference Currency: 
[●] 
• First Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• Second Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
• Second Relevant Time: 
[●] 
• Second Reference Currency: 
[●] 
• Second Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: 
the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period 
shall 
be calculated 
using 
Linear 
Interpolation between [●] and [●] [●]] 
(xii) 
Margin(s)1: 
[+/-] [●]% per annum 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest2: 
[●]  
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/365 
(Sterling)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/ 
[Bond Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]  
(xvi) Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(xvii) Range Accrual:  
[Applicable 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
below)]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Range Accrual Notes 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(i) 
Accrual Condition Type: 
[Single Rate Range Accrual]/[Spread Range 
Accrual]   
                                              
1 In no event shall the Rate of Interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin) be less than zero. 
2 In no event shall the Rate of Interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin) be less than zero.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
(ii) 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 1 
 
(A) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• Reference Rate: 
[●] 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
• Relevant Time: 
[●] 
(B) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• ISDA Definitions 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
[ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions if the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply)] 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
[only relevant where the Floating Rate Option is 
not a risk-free rate] 
• Reset Date: 
[●] 
• Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback]/[Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift]/[Compounding 
with Lockout]/[OIS Compounding]/[●] 
[Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix 
(as defined 
in 
the 2021 
ISDA 
Definitions)]] 
[Observation Shift Period: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Set-in advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Lockout: 
[[●] Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days:[●]] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
• Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback]/[ Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift]/[ Averaging with 
Lockout]/[Overnight Averaging]/[●] 
[Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix 
(as defined 
in 
the 2021 
ISDA 
Definitions)]] 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Set-in 
Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]  
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Lockout: 
[[●] Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 182 ---
182 
• Index Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method]/[All-In Compounded 
Index 
Method]/[Compounded 
Index 
Method]/[Compounded 
Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[●] 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Set-in 
Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]  
(iii) 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 2 
(only applicable to Spread Range Accrual) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(A) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• Reference Rate: 
[●] 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
• Relevant Time: 
[●] 
(B) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• ISDA Definitions 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
[ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions if the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply)] 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
[only relevant where the Floating Rate Option is 
not a risk-free rate] 
• Reset Date: 
[●] 
• Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback]/[Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift]/[Compounding 
with Lockout]/[OIS Compounding]/[●] 
[Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix 
(as defined 
in 
the 2021 
ISDA 
Definitions)]] 
[Observation Shift Period: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Set-in advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Lockout: 
[[●] Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days:[●]] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
• Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback]/[ Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift]/[ Averaging with 
Lockout]/[Overnight Averaging]/[●] 
[Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix 
(as defined 
in 
the 2021 
ISDA 
Definitions)]] 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Set-in 
Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 184 ---
184 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Lockout: 
[[●] Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate]:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
• Index Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method]/[All-In Compounded 
Index 
Method]/[Compounded 
Index 
Method]/[Compounded 
Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift]/[●] 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Set-in 
Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]  
(iv) 
Lower Barrier: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(v) 
Upper Barrier: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(vi) 
Observation Period: 
[As specified in the Condition 6.2(d)]/[●] 
16. 
Inflation Linked Notes provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Index 
[RPI]/[HICP]/[French CPI]/[Italian CPI]/[U.S. 
CPI] 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s) 
[●] 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iv) below]

--- Page 185 ---
185 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
 
 
 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/[Not 
Applicable]  
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]  
(vi) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[Condition 7.1(b)]/[Condition 7.1(c)] applies 
(viii) Margin3: 
[●]% per annum, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 7, payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
(ix) 
Inflation Factor: 
[Option A]/[Option B]/[Option C] applies  
(x) 
Initial Valuation date: 
[●] 
(xi) 
Reference Month: 
 
(i) Initial Valuation Date: the calendar month 
falling [●] month[s] prior to the Initial Valuation 
Date  
(ii) relevant Interest Payment Date: the calendar 
month falling [●] month[s] prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date 
(xii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
(xiii) Delay in publication and rebasing:  
[General Conditions  7.4(a)(i)  and  
7.4(c)(iv)(A) apply] 
/ 
[Conditions 7.4(a)(ii) and 7.4(c)(iv)(B) specific 
to the French CPI apply] 
(xiv) Related Bond:  
[●]/[Not applicable]  
(xv) 
Fallback Bond: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/365 
(Sterling)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/ 
[Bond Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]  
                                              
3 In no event shall the Rate of Interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin) be less than zero.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
(xvii) Minimum Rate of Interest4: 
[[●]]/[Not Applicable]  
(xviii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]]/[Not Applicable]  
(xix) Name and address of the 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(i) 
Amortisation/Accrual Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
A. Minimum Redemption Amount  
[●] per Note 
B. Maximum Redemption Amount 
[●] per Note 
19. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(A): Parties to be notified by Issuer 
of Optional Redemption 
Date and Make-whole 
Redemption Amount (if 
other than as set out in 
Condition 9.3): 
[[●] / Not applicable] 
(B): Make-whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
(C) Discounting basis for purposes 
of calculating sum of the present 
values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest 
on the Notes to be redeemed in the 
determination of the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount 
[●] 
                                              
4 In no event shall the Rate of Interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin) be less than zero.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(D) Reference Security: 
[●]% 
(E) Reference Dealers: 
[●]  
(F) Quotation Agent: 
[●] 
20. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[[80] % / [●] %] 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[as per Condition 9.4] 
21. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[At par]/[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount  
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes and Zero Coupon Notes: 
[At par]/[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(A) Index: 
[●] 
(B) Party responsible for 
calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount  (if not the Agent): 
[●] 
(C) Initial Valuation date: 
[●] 
(D) Reference Month: 
(i) Initial Valuation Date: the calendar month 
falling [●] month[s] prior to the Initial Valuation 
Date.  
(ii) Scheduled Redemption Date: the calendar 
month falling [●] month[s] prior to the Maturity 
Date.  
(E) Related Bond:  
[●]/[As specified in the conditions]  
(F) Final Redemption Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount of 
each Note payable on redemption 
[At par]/[[●] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 188 ---
188 
for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice]  
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
[Registered Notes:]  
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[●] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg /a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (that 
is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(“NSS”))]] 
[Rule 144A Global Note U.S.$[●] nominal 
amount registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/ a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
Luxembourg]/[Definitive 
IAI 
Registered 
Notes/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (that 
is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(“NSS”))]] 
26. 
New Global Note (“NGN”) 
[Yes]/[No] 
27. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
(“NSS”) 
[Yes]/[No] 
28. 
Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
30. 
Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions in Condition 
5 apply] 
 
Third Party Information 
[[●] has been extracted from [●].] The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]  
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 190 ---
190 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris with effect from 
[●].]/[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris with 
effect from [●]./[The Notes under Tranche(s) 
[●] are already listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris. Application [has been made]/[is 
expected to be made] by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes under this Tranche [●] to 
be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris [on the 
Issue Date]/[with effect from [●]].   
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated: 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
The Credit ratings referred to above have been 
issued by [S&P] and [Moody’s], each of which 
is established in the European Union and is 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) and, as of 
the date hereof, appears on the list of credit 
rating agencies published on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in 
the European Union and has applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”), although 
notification 
of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided 
by the relevant competent 
authority. 
In general, 
European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued

--- Page 191 ---
191 
by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered the CRA 
Regulation unless the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency operating in the European 
Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted 
an application for registration in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation and such registration 
is not refused.]/  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"), but is endorsed by [insert credit 
rating agency] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the CRA 
Regulation and included in the list of registered 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) 
in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.]/  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended.]  
[In accordance with the CRA Regulation (as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as 
amended by the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 
(the "UK CRA Regulation")), the rating 
assigned to the Notes by [Insert credit rating 
agency] will be endorsed by [Insert credit rating 
agency], being 
a 
credit 
rating 
agency 
established in the United Kingdom and included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/creditratingag
encies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has  
previously been published by the rating 
provider, for example: 
“As defined by S&P, a ‘BBB’ rating means 
that the Issuer’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitments under the Notes is adequate, but 
more subject to adverse economic conditions.”

--- Page 192 ---
192 
“Obligations rated ‘(P)Baa1’ by Moody’s are 
subject to moderate credit risk. They are  
considered medium-grade and as such  may 
possess speculative characteristics.” 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated  to Notes of the type  being issued  
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)] 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
[●]/[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes 
has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees.]  
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)  
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
 
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF INFLATION INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE INFLATION INDEX (Inflation Linked Notes only)   
(i) 
Underlying Index: 
[RPI]/[HICP]/[French CPI]/[Italian CPI]/[U.S. 
CPI] 
(ii) 
Information about the 
Index, its volatility and 
past and future 
performance can be 
obtained from: 
[●] 
 
[The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information.] 
 
6. 
BENCHMARKS (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided 
by [●]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [●] 
[appears]/[does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the “Benchmark Regulation”)]. 
/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions set forth in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark regulation apply such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]/[Not applicable] 
 
7. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Estimated net amount of 
proceeds: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes]/[●] 
 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●]/ 
[Until the Notes have been consolidated and 
form a single series with Tranche(s) [●], which 
is expected to be on or about [●], they will be 
assigned a Temporary ISIN Code as follows:  
[●] 
Thereafter, they will assume the same ISIN 
Code Tranche(s) [●] as follows: 
[●]] 
Common Code: 
[●]/ 
[Until the Notes have been consolidated and 
form a single series with Tranche(s) [●], which 
is expected to be on or about [●], they will be 
assigned a Temporary Common Code as 
follows:  
[●] 
Thereafter, they will assume the same Common 
Code as Tranche(s) [●] as follows: 
[●]] 
Book-entry clearing systems 
 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV]/[Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.]/[Depository Trust Company] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the International 
Central Securities Depositaries (“ICSDs”) as 
common safekeeper, [and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper, that is held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure for registered global 
securities,] [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that 
is held under the New Safekeeping Structure for 
registered global securities]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA not 
Applicable] 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS  
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
(together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in effect. The information in this section 
concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be 
reliable, but none of the Issuer nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. None of the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New 
York Banking Law, a banking organisation within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, 
a member of the Federal Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the meaning of the 
New York Uniform Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered pursuant to Section 
17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants (“Participants”) deposit 
with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities transactions, 
such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-
entry changes in Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement 
of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Depositary Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC, in turn is owned 
by a number of Direct Participants of DTC and Members of the National Securities Clearing 
Corporation, 
Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, 
and Emerging 
Markets Clearing 
Corporation) NSCC, FICC, and EMCC, also subsidiaries of DTCC), as well as by the New 
York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the National Association 
of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as 
securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect 
Participants”). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the 
“Rules”), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on 
whose behalf it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system 
(“DTC Notes”) as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and 
interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes 
(“Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-
entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. 
Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements 
described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and 
will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct 
Participants, which will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership 
interest of each actual purchaser of each DTC Note (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be 
recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant’s records. Beneficial Owners will not receive 
written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to 
receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements 
of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner 
entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be 
accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial 
Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests 
in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is 
discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are 
registered in the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co or such other nominee as 
may be requested by an authorised representative. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and 
their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other nominee effect no change in 
beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC 
Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such 
DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will 
remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct 
Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to 
Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or 
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Redemption notices shall be 
sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, DTC’s 
practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue 
to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor such other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect 
to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon 
as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or 
voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the 
record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other 
nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC and credited to Direct 
Participants’ accounts in accordance with DTC’s customary practice. Payments by Participants 
to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street 
name”, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject 
to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of 
principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments 
to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the 
Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants, 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC 
will exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its 
Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing 
interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will include the legend as set forth under “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not 
participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required 
to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
DTC’s address is Depository Trust Company, 55 Water Street, 1SL, New York, NY 10041-
0099, United States of America.  
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers 
and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry 
transfer between their respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and 
settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear 
and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in 
several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their 
two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial 
institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and 
clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an 
account holder of either system. 
Euroclear’s address is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium, and Clearstream, Luxembourg’s address is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42, avenue 
John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any 
such Registered Global Note, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry 
system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by 
such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Such 
accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective 
depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the 
transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its 
nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of 
such Note. In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be 
made to the Exchange Rate Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Rate 
Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such 
payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note 
in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment 
to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
The Issuer expects DTC immediately to credit accounts of Direct Participants in accordance 
with and subject to DTC’s customary practice. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will 
be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and 
interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the 
customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some 
States within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities 
in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the 
DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having 
an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such 
Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action 
in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect 
participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes 
described under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, cross-market 
transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the 
relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, 
the Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes 
have been deposited. 
On the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series to accountholders in 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series 
between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the 
trade date (T+3). Following the implementation of the T+2 settlement cycle by Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, 
transfers of Notes of such Series after the Issue Date between accountholders in Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear will have a settlement date two business days after 
the trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to 
all such transfers.  
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or 
Euroclear and DTC participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties 
to such transfer. Because there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant 
Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Agent and the Custodian 
receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging 
for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the 
transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery 
versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements 
for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and 
operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global 
Notes among participants and accountholders of DTC, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the 
Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 20 February 2013 (which included authorisation of the increase 
of the Programme to EUR15,000,000,000) and 24 February 2022, respectively. Each issue of 
Notes which constitute obligations under French law must be authorised by the Board of 
Directors. Each issue of Notes which do not constitute obligations under French law must be 
authorised by the decision of a Directeur Général of the Issuer. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available from the registered office of the Issuer and from 
the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London: 
 the Statuts (with a direct and accurate English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
 the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 together with the audit reports prepared in 
connection therewith. The Issuer currently prepares audited consolidated and non-
consolidated accounts on an annual basis;  
 the Agency Agreement; 
 a copy of this Base Prospectus including any documents incorporated by reference 
herein; and 
 any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein 
by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to listed Notes, the 
Universal Registration Document 2020 and the Universal Registration Document 2021 
incorporated by reference herein are available on the website of AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes in bearer form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Bearer Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any 
Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP 
and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN 
and common code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes and/or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be 
calculated by reference to, inter alia, EURIBOR, which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”), SOFR, SONIA and CMS which is provided by the ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”). EMMI has been authorized as a regulated 
benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”) and appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  ICE has been authorised as a regulated benchmark 
administrator pursuant to Article 34 of the Benchmark Regulation, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”) and appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established by the Financial Conduct Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the UK Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA 
and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 thereof, such that the administrators of these benchmarks are 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as 
applicable, is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the Base Prospectus or the Final terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Group since 31 March 2022, being the end date of the last financial period for which financial 
information has been published. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2021, being the date of its last published consolidated annual financial 
statements. 
Litigation  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by 
reference) there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware) during the previous 
12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer 
and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability.  
Third-party Information 
Third-party information referred to in the sections entitled “Information about the Issuer” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
source of such third party information is identified where used.  
Statutory Auditors

--- Page 202 ---
202 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France 
and KPMG Audit — Department of KPMG S.A. of Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, CS 60055, 
92066 Paris La Défense, France, both of whom are members of the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles, have audited, and rendered unqualified audit reports 
on the financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021. 
Deloitte was appointed as statutory auditor of the Issuer by the meeting of the Shareholders 
(“Assemblée Générale”) held on 2 June 2022 to replace PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of 
Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer / Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/ or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
to the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders 
(including a Dealer acting as a Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amounts receivable by the Noteholders 
during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Issuer’s legal entity identifier (LEI) is NFONVGN05Z0FMN5PEC35. 
Share Capital

--- Page 203 ---
203 
The issued and fully paid share capital of Saint-Gobain as of 13 July 2022 was €2,080,248,152 
divided into: 
 
 
 
Class of Share 
Nominal Value 
per share (€) 
Number 
in 
issue 
Ordinary........................................................................
.......  
4 
520,062,038

--- Page 204 ---
204 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
The Issuer declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
Compagnie de Saint-Gobain 
Tour Saint-Gobain 
12, place de l’Iris 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
Duly represented by: 
Mr. Sreedhar N. 
Chief Financial Officer (Directeur Financier) of the Issuer  
 
Duly authorised 
on 13 July 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 13 July 2022 under the approval number n° 22-310 by the 
AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is  
complete, coherent and comprehensible. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes. 
It is valid until 13 July 2023 and shall be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event 
of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
ISSUER 
Compagnie de Saint-Gobain 
Tour Saint-Gobain 
12, place de l’Iris 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
PAYING AND EXCHANGE RATE AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L- 1115 Luxembourg 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28, Edificio Asia 
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
Marienturm  
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
ING Bank N.V. Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix, 24 – 1000 Brussels 
Belgium  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
Société Générale  
29 Boulevard Haussmann  
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to French law 
Legal Department 
Compagnie de Saint-Gobain 
Tour Saint-Gobain 
12, place de l’Iris 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
To the Dealers as to U.S. and French law 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
12 rue de Tilsitt 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 206 ---
206 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
2 London Wall Place 
London EC2Y 5AU 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
ISSUER’S STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
KPMG Audit, department of KPMG SA 
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta 
CS 60055 
92066, Paris La Défense 
France