--- Page 1 ---
i
 
Base Prospectus dated 16 April 2025 
ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA 
(a public limited company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg as an authorised securitisation company under the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 
on securitisation, as amended, with its registered office at 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 
Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number 
B169603) 
(acting in respect of one of its Compartments) 
and 
CONCERTO INVESTMENT CORPORATION LIMITED 
(an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands) 
each an issuer under the Secured Note and Certificate Programme 
What is this document? 
This document (the Base Prospectus) constitutes a "base prospectus" for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended, the EU 
Prospectus Regulation) and relates to the Secured Note and Certificate Programme (the Programme). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and may be supplemented from time to 
time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in it. 
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (which includes information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide you 
with information necessary to enable you to make an informed investment decision before purchasing 
any Securities (as defined below). This Base Prospectus includes important information such as: 
 
information relating to the Issuer (as defined below); 
 
information relating to the Counterparty/ies (as defined below); 
 
information relating to the Programme and the Securities; 
 
the principal risks the Issuer of the Securities believes to be inherent in investing in the 
Securities; 
 
information on transfer and selling restrictions; and 
 
taxation considerations. 
What are the terms and conditions of the Securities? 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Securities will comprise the General Conditions of 
the Securities (see Section E.1 below) and the applicable provisions of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule (see "Valuation and Settlement Schedule" below), together with the following additional terms 
and conditions (see Section E.2 below) set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled the 
"Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities": 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more security indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 1 – Security Index Conditions"; 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more inflation indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 2 – Inflation Index Conditions"; 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more commodity indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 3 – Commodity Index Conditions"; 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more commodities, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 4 – Commodity Conditions"; 
 
one or more shares, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 5 – Share 
Conditions";

--- Page 2 ---
ii
 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more depositary receipts, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 6 – Depositary Receipt Conditions"; 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more exchange traded fund (ETF) shares, the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 7 – Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Share 
Conditions"; 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more mutual funds, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 8 – Mutual Fund Conditions"; 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more currency exchange rates, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 9 – FX Rate Conditions"; 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more proprietary indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 10 – Proprietary Index Conditions"; 
 
one or more Dividend Futures Contracts, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 11 – Dividend Futures Contract Conditions"; 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more rates, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 12 – Rate Conditions"; and 
 
where the Securities are linked to the credit of one or more specified entities, the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 13 – Credit Linked Conditions", 
and, in relation to any tranche of Securities, as completed (and/or in the case of Exempt Securities (as 
defined below) supplemented and/or modified and/or replaced), as applicable, by the information set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms (as described in "What are Issue Terms" below). 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced 
in the Index of Defined Terms. 
You should read this Base Prospectus, the information incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus from such other documents and the applicable Issue Terms before investing in Securities. 
Will the Securities be listed on an exchange? 
Securities offered under the Base Prospectus may be (i) save for Securities issued by Concerto (as defined 
below), listed and traded on a regulated market, or (i) admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility 
or (iii) not listed or traded on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility. The Issue Terms prepared 
in respect of the relevant Securities will specify whether or not the Securities will be listed and traded 
and, if so, on what market(s). For the avoidance of doubts, Securities issued by Concerto will not be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market(s) of any stock exchange. 
See "Listing and admission to trading" below and risk factor entitled "The secondary market" below. 
What are Issue Terms? 
Issue Terms means, when it relates to: 
 
Securities which are not Exempt Securities (as defined in the Section entitled "Important 
Notices" below), the applicable Final Terms which completes the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Securities; or 
 
Securities which are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement which supplements 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities and may also specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities, supplement, modify and/or replace such terms and 
conditions. 
Who is the Issuer of the Securities? 
Securities under this Base Prospectus will be issued by either of the following, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
 
Ensemble Investment Corporation SA (Ensemble); and 
 
Concerto Investment Corporation Limited (Concerto). 
Ensemble and Concerto is each an Issuer and collectively, the Issuers.

--- Page 3 ---
iii
 
Each of the Issuers has a right of substitution as set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities set 
out in this Base Prospectus. 
Who is the Counterparty (or, if applicable, who are the Counterparties in respect) of the 
Securities?  
The Counterparties will be any of the following, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
 
Citibank, N.A. (Citibank); 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (CGML); or 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (CGME), 
provided that in the case of Exempt Securities, the applicable Issue Terms may specify a different 
Counterparty. 
What type of Securities does this Base Prospectus relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of Securities. Securities may not bear interest, or be interest 
bearing securities, securities which pay a fixed amount on redemption, as well as the following types of 
securities whose return (in respect to any interest payable on such securities and/or their redemption 
amount) is linked to one or more: 
 
security indices; 
 
inflation indices; 
 
commodity indices; 
 
commodities; 
 
shares; 
 
depositary receipts; 
 
exchange traded fund (ETF) shares; 
 
mutual funds; 
 
currency exchange rates; 
 
proprietary indices; 
 
dividend futures contracts; 
 
rates; or 
 
any combination of the foregoing. 
In addition, the Securities may be Notes (as defined below) whose return is linked to the credit of one or 
more specified entities (such Notes may or may not bear interest) (such Notes, Credit Linked Notes). 
The Securities may provide for early redemption at the option of the issuer (a call option) or the investor 
(a put option) and may, at maturity, pay a fixed or other redemption amount as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Securities (Securities) may be in the form of notes (Notes) or certificates (Certificates), as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Certificates entitle the holder on exercise to receive a cash amount (if any) calculated in accordance with 
the relevant terms, subject as set forth herein in the Conditions. Certificates will not bear interest but may 
pay a coupon amount.  
In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates", where applicable, as used in this Base 
Prospectus, references to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed to be to "termination" and 
"terminate", references to "interest", "interest payment date", "interest period", "interest rate" and 
"interest underlying" (and related expressions) shall be construed to be (in the case of Certificates) to 
"coupon amount", "coupon payment date", "coupon period", "coupon rate" and "coupon underlying" or 
(in the case of Notes that are titled "Certificates") to "premium", "premium payment date", "premium

--- Page 4 ---
iv
 
period", "premium rate" and "premium underlying", and references to "maturity date" shall be construed 
to be to "final termination date", and all related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
How will each Series of Securities be secured and what are the collateral arrangements? 
Unless and to the extent otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the obligations of the relevant 
Issuer in respect of the Securities issued by it and/or under any Charged Agreement (as defined below) 
are secured under the Master Trust Deed and any applicable Charging Document (as defined below) in 
favour of the Trustee by security interests over the relevant Issuer's rights, title and interest in the 
Mortgaged Property (as defined below) for such Securities. The secured creditors of all Securities of 
each Issuer are also secured under the Master Trust Deed by a floating charge (Floating Charge) over 
the assets of such Issuer (other than its share capital and the assets which have been allocated to a 
compartment). 
All payments and/or, in respect of Physical Settlement Securities, the delivery of any Entitlement, 
in each case to be made by the relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities and any related Charged 
Agreement, will only be made from and to the extent of the assets received or recovered from time 
to time in respect of the Mortgaged Property (the Relevant Sums) and, to the extent that the 
Relevant Sums are less than the amount which the holders of the Securities and any Counterparty 
may have expected to receive (a shortfall), any such shortfall will be borne by such holders and by 
such Counterparty (if any) without any further recourse to the relevant Issuer and, other than 
where the Securities are notes for which "Korean Market Notes" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (Korean Market Notes), any right to claim payment of any amount 
exceeding the Relevant Sums will be extinguished. See "Section B – Risk Factors – Risks relating to 
the Issuers – Limited recourse – Limitation on recourse in event of a shortfall" below.  
These arrangements are set out under Section E.1 "General Conditions of the Securities" below, as 
supplemented by the applicable Issue Terms, and in the Master Trust Deed. 
The Charged Assets (if any) shall be certain bonds, notes, securities, commodities, other assets, or 
contractual or other rights and all rights in respect thereof or relating thereto, as are specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms and, as applicable, such term shall include the cash and/or securities from 
time to time transferred to the relevant Issuer from the relevant Counterparty pursuant to any relevant 
credit support annex to the ISDA Master Agreement and the securities from time to time transferred to 
the relevant Issuer from the relevant SL Counterparty pursuant to the SL Agreement (as the case may 
be) (the Counterparty Collateral).  
The Charged Assets will be owned by the relevant Issuer and may (where practicable) be deposited with 
the relevant Custodian. 
These arrangements are set out under Section E.1 "General Conditions of the Securities" below, as 
supplemented by the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is the status of the Securities? 
The Securities will be secured, limited recourse obligations of the relevant Issuer ranking pari passu and 
without preference among themselves. The Securities are constituted by, and in accordance with, the 
Trust Deed and are subject to the Terms and Conditions as supplemented by the applicable Issue Terms. 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities), the obligations of the 
relevant Issuer under the Securities issued by it and the Trust Deed will be supported by means of a 
guarantee, insurance policy or other form of credit enhancement provided by the Issuer Credit Enhancer 
specified therein. The obligations of the Issuer Credit Enhancer under such Securities Guarantee will be 
direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer Credit Enhancer and will rank pari passu 
and equally with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer Credit Enhancer.

--- Page 5 ---
v
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Distribution of Securities 
Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG and/or any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by 
the Issuers (each a Dealer and together the Dealers) which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an ongoing basis. In relation to each issue of Securities, the Dealer(s) will be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Securities directly on its own behalf to other 
entities and to offer Securities in specified jurisdictions directly to the public through distributors, in 
accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, 
or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. 
Securities may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting as agent of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to this Base Prospectus, Securities may be issued whose return (in respect of any interest 
payable on such Securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more security indices 
(Security Index Linked Securities) or one or more inflation indices (Inflation Index Linked 
Securities) or one or more commodity indices (Commodity Index Linked Securities) or one or more 
commodities (Commodity Linked Securities) or one or more shares (Share Linked Securities) or one 
or more depositary receipts (Depositary Receipt Linked Securities) or one or more exchange traded 
fund (ETF) shares (ETF Linked Securities) or one or more mutual funds (Mutual Fund Linked 
Securities) or one or more currency exchange rates (FX Rate Linked Securities) or one or more 
proprietary indices (Proprietary Index Linked Securities) or one or more Dividend Futures Contracts 
(Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities) or one or more rates (Rate Linked Securities). In 
addition, the Securities may be Credit Linked Notes). The aforementioned Securities together, 
Underlying Linked Securities, as more fully described in this Base Prospectus.  
Securities may provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement (Cash Settled Securities) or 
physical delivery (Physical Settlement Securities) as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Securities may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
relevant Terms and Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, in which event, if the Issuer is Ensemble, 
a supplement to the Ensemble Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is Concerto, a 
supplement to the Concerto Base Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, which describes the effect 
of the agreement reached in relation to such Securities, will be made available. 
Regulatory approvals of the Base Prospectus and passporting for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation 
Each of the Ensemble Base Prospectus and the Concerto Base Prospectus has been approved as a base 
prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent authority (the Competent 
Authority) under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered an endorsement of any 
of the Issuers or of the quality of the Securities. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Securities.  
Such approval by the Competent Authority relates only to Securities which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, varied or replaced from 
time to time, MiFID II) or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. However, there 
can be no assurance that such applications will be approved or that, if approved, any such approval will 
be given within a specified timeframe. 
The Central Bank may, at the request of the Issuer, send to a competent authority of another Member 
State of the EEA (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus, and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 
25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
vi
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II 
In respect of Securities issued by Ensemble only, application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for the Securities issued during the period of twelve 
months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to 
trading on its regulated market. An electronic copy of this Base Prospectus will be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com.  
In addition, application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Securities issued during 
the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. An electronic copy of this Base Prospectus, the relevant documents incorporated by reference 
herein, and the Issue Terms of such Securities will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at www.luxse.com, for so long as the Securities are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Application may be made for Securities (other than Exempt Securities) issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
NASDAQ Stockholm AB or to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the MoT), but there can be 
no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case 
may be, or at all. Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed 
on the Paris Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Paris (Euronext Paris) for the Securities issued during 
the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus. Application may also be made for 
Securities issued during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to 
trading on the Association of Financial Assets Intermediaries (the AIAF). 
Securities issued by Concerto will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market(s) of 
any stock exchange. 
Multilateral trading facilities (MTF) which are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Securities are to Securities 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection 
with Exempt Securities. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of the Ensemble Base Prospectus and 
the Concerto Base Prospectus as Base Listing Particulars (the Ensemble Base Listing Particulars and 
the Concerto Base Listing Particulars, respectively, and together, the Base Listing Particulars).  
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for Securities issued during the 12 months from the date 
of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the global exchange 
market (the Global Exchange Market) which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval of the Base Listing 
Particulars with respect to Exempt Securities issued by Ensemble and Exempt Securities issued by 
Concerto as a base prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on 
prospectus for securities. Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Exempt 
Securities issued by each Issuer during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF Market (the Euro MTF).

--- Page 7 ---
vii
 
Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading (i) on 
the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX) and (ii) on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the EuroTLX). Application may also be made for Securities issued by each 
Issuer during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to trading on the 
Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse) which is a multilateral trading facility (the 
Vienna MTF). Application may also be made for Securities issued by each Issuer during the 12 months 
from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to trading on the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF 
of NASDAQ Stockholm AB which is a multilateral trading facility (the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF). 
Application may also be made for Securities issued by each Issuer during the 12 months from the date 
of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to trading on SPECTRUM which is a multilateral trading 
facility operated by SPECTRUM GmbH (SPECTRUM). Application may also be made for Securities 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the International Securities Market of the 
London Stock Exchange which is a multilateral trading facility (the ISM). The International Securities 
Market (the ISM) of the London Stock Exchange plc (the London Stock Exchange) is a market 
designated for professional investors. Securities admitted to trading on the ISM are not admitted 
to the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The London Stock Exchange has 
not approved or verified the contents of this Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither GEM, Euro MTF, SeDeX, EuroTLX, Open Market (Regulated 
Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG), Vienna MTF, 
NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, ISM nor SPECTRUM are regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
There can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, 
as the case may be, or at all. 
Save where expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Securities are to be admitted to 
trading on the Global Exchange Market or the Euro MTF or the SeDeX or the EuroTLX or the Open 
Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG) or the Vienna MTF or the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF or the ISM or SPECTRUM references in this 
document to Base Prospectus, Ensemble Base Prospectus and Concerto Base Prospectus shall be 
construed to be to Base Listing Particulars, Ensemble Base Listing Particulars and Concerto Base 
Listing Particulars, respectively.  
Each Ensemble Base Listing Particulars and Concerto Base Listing Particulars constitutes admission 
particulars for the purposes of the International Securities Market Rulebook (the ISM Rulebook). 
Application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for Securities issued by each Issuer during 
the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to trading on the ISM. 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplements (as the case may be), an issue of 
Securities may or may not be listed or admitted to trading, on a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II and/or any other stock exchange or market that is not a regulated market for the purpose of 
MiFID II (as the case may be) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Listing agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the Securities to the official list or 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
Issue Terms 
Securities are issued in Series (as defined in this Base Prospectus) and each Series may comprise one or 
more Classes (as defined in this Base Prospectus) of Securities comprised of one or more Tranches (as 
defined in this Base Prospectus) of Securities. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms document (the 
Final Terms and references to the applicable Final Terms shall be construed accordingly) or, in the 
case of Exempt Securities, a pricing supplement (the Pricing Supplement and references to the 
applicable Pricing Supplement shall be construed accordingly). As used in this Base Prospectus, Issue 
Terms means either (i) where the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) 
where the Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be 
construed accordingly (and applicable Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly).

--- Page 8 ---
viii
 
The Issue Terms will specify with respect to the issue of Securities to which it relates, inter alia, the 
specific designation of the Securities, the aggregate principal amount or number of and type of the 
Securities, the date of issue of the Securities, the issue price, the relevant interest provisions (if any), and 
the redemption amount of the Securities and, as relevant, the underlying security, share, bond, asset, 
index, commodity, rate, contract, currency or other item(s) and, if the Notes are Credit Linked Notes, 
each entity to which, depending on the credit of such entity, the return of the Notes (upon an early 
redemption or otherwise) is linked (each an Underlying) to which the Securities relate, details of the 
Charged Assets (if any), the Charged Agreements (if any), the Charging Document (if any), the Credit 
Support Document (if any), the Counterparty (if any), the Credit Support Provider (if any) and the Issuer 
Credit Enhancer (if any) (all as defined below) and certain other terms relating to the offering and sale 
of such Securities. The applicable Final Terms completes the Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Securities. The applicable Pricing Supplement supplements the Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Securities and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Securities, supplement, replace and/or 
modify such Terms and Conditions. In respect of Securities to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the 
applicable Issue Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the 
Securities of that Tranche. In respect of Securities to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Issue Terms will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of 
issue of the Securities of that Tranche. The issue price and amount of the Securities of any Tranche will 
be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Terms and Conditions 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities will be as set out in "General Conditions of the Securities" 
and in the relevant Schedule(s) thereto. 
AN ISSUE OF SECURITIES MAY BE OF A SPECIALIST NATURE AND SHOULD ONLY BE 
BOUGHT 
AND 
TRADED 
BY 
INVESTORS 
WHO 
ARE 
PARTICULARLY 
KNOWLEDGEABLE IN INVESTMENT MATTERS. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
SECURITIES SHOULD ENSURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THE 
RELEVANT SECURITIES AND THE EXTENT OF THEIR EXPOSURE TO RISKS AND 
THAT THEY CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE RELEVANT SECURITIES AS AN 
INVESTMENT IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND FINANCIAL 
CONDITION. IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS TO ENSURE 
THAT THEY HAVE SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSIONAL 
ADVICE TO MAKE THEIR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING AND OTHER 
BUSINESS EVALUATION OF THE MERITS AND RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE 
SECURITIES AND ARE NOT RELYING ON THE ADVICE OF THE ISSUER OR ANY 
DEALER IN THIS REGARD. SECURITIES MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, 
INCLUDING THE PRINCIPAL OR INITIAL INVESTMENT AMOUNT NOT BEING 
PROTECTED. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MAY SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF 
THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. SEE "RISK FACTORS" SET OUT IN THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS. 
Governing law of the Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme will be governed by English law (English Law Securities). 
Form of Securities 
Securities to be issued hereunder will be in registered form (Registered Securities) and will be 
represented by registered security certificates (Registered Security Certificates), one Registered 
Security Certificate being issued in respect of each holder's entire holding of Registered Securities of one 
Series. Registered Securities which are held in Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., (Clearstream, Luxembourg) will be represented by a global Registered Security 
Certificate (a Global Registered Security Certificate) registered in the name of a nominee for either 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Global Registered Security Certificate will be delivered 
to the appropriate depositary, common safekeeper or custodian, as the case may be. Interests in a Global 
Registered Security Certificate will be exchangeable for definitive Registered Security Certificates as 
described under "Form of the Securities" set out in this Base Prospectus. In addition, indirect interests in

--- Page 9 ---
ix
 
Securities may be delivered, held and settled via the CREST Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism in 
Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST). 
See Section H.5 "Form Of The Securities" below for further information.  
U.S. notices  
The Securities and any Securities Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and no person has registered nor will register as a 
commodity pool operator of either Issuer under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the 
CEA) and the rules of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission thereunder (the CFTC Rules). 
Furthermore, neither Issuer has registered nor will they register as an "investment company" under the 
U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Consequently, the Securities may not be offered, 
sold, pledged, resold, delivered or otherwise transferred except in an "offshore transaction" (as such term 
is defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) to persons that: (1) are not "U.S. 
persons" (as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S); (2) do not come within any 
definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA or any CFTC rule, guidance or order proposed 
or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United 
States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for the purposes of 
subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States 
persons", shall be considered a U.S. person); (3) are not, and whose purchasing and holding of the 
Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I 
of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual 
retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any 
laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; (4) are 
not "United States persons" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code; and (5) if specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, are not U.S. persons (as such term is defined in the final credit risk retention 
regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) (any 
such person falling within (1), (2), (3), (4) and (where applicable) (5) immediately above, a Permitted 
Purchaser). If a Permitted Purchaser acquiring the Securities is doing so for the account or benefit of 
another person, such other person must also be a Permitted Purchaser. The Securities do not constitute, 
and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the CEA and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission under the CEA. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and transfers 
of Securities, see Section H.9 "Subscription And Sale And Transfer And Selling Restrictions" below. 
Each purchaser and transferee of the Securities will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments, 
representations and agreements as set out in the section below titled "Notice to Investors". 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined 
by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may apply such that the administrator of a particular "benchmark" is not required to be included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
x
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Securities in Member States  
Certain Tranches of Securities with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Non-exempt 
Offer. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Securities. 
However, any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Securities in any Member 
State of the EEA may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority 
in that Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State) and published in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, PROVIDED THAT the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection 
with such offer as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (Retail Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the 
person making the Non-exempt Offer of such Securities. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuers and the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in the 
jurisdictions to which the consent to use the Base Prospectus extends, for the content of this Base 
Prospectus under Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an Investor) who 
acquires any Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by any person to whom the Issuer has given consent 
to the use of this Base Prospectus (an Authorised Offeror) in that connection, PROVIDED THAT the 
conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the Authorised Offeror. The consent and 
conditions attached to it are set out under "EEA Consent" and "Common Conditions to EEA Consent" 
below.  
None of the Issuer and any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer and any Dealer has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.  
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer and any Dealer has authorised the making of any Non-
exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Securities. Any Non-exempt Offer 
made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer and any Dealer 
accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised 
offer.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in the context of the 
Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely 
on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
EEA Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (b) below) offers to grant its consent to the use of 
this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer of Securities issued by it for the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer as provided below. In the event this Base 
Prospectus is replaced by a base prospectus of the Issuer which is approved and published by the Issuer 
during the Offer Period relating to a Non-exempt Offer of Securities then the Issuer's consent shall end 
on the date on which amended and restated Final Terms for any such Non-exempt Offer of Securities are 
published (the Consent Period).

--- Page 11 ---
xi
 
In connection with each Tranche of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below under 
"Common Conditions to EEA Consent": 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities by the relevant Dealer 
and by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Issuer's website and identified as an Authorised Offeror 
in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of 
Securities by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing MiFID II; 
and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Securities] (the Securities) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) 
published by [Ensemble Investment Corporation SA / Concerto Investment Corporation 
Limited] (the Issuer). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer of its consent to our use of the 
Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Securities 
in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to the conditions to such 
consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and we are using the Base Prospectus 
accordingly." 
The Authorised Offeror Terms are that the relevant financial intermediary will, and it agrees, 
represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that it 
will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer comply with the conditions 
to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions to EEA Consent" below and any further 
requirements relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Any financial intermediary who is an Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets all of the 
conditions set out in (b) and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to EEA Consent" below 
and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the 
duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the statement (duly completed) specified 
at paragraph (b)(ii) above. 
Common Conditions to EEA Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if shorter, the 
Consent Period; 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Securities in Austria, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, 
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, 
Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and/or the Czech Republic, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and  
(iii) 
the consent is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
xii
 
The only Member States of the EEA which may, in respect of any Tranche of Securities, be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (if any Member States are so specified) as indicated in (ii) above, will be 
Austria, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, 
Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and/or the 
Czech Republic, and accordingly each Tranche of Securities may only be offered to Investors as part of 
a Non-exempt Offer in Austria, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, Germany, 
Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, 
Sweden and/or the Czech Republic, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation for such offer.  
Consent given in connection with public offers in Switzerland 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis 
of this Base Prospectus, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 36(4)(b) 
FinSA and Article 45 of the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (FinSO), as provided under 
"EEA Consent" above and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent 
and on the basis that for the purposes of the above:  
 
references therein to "Non-exempt Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland"; 
 
the reference in "EEA Consent" to "Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Securities in 
Austria, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, 
Sweden and/or the Czech Republic, as specified in the applicable Final Terms" is to "non-
exempt public offer(s) in Switzerland"; and 
 
the paragraph commencing "The only Member States of the EEA which may, in respect of any 
Tranche of Securities, be specified in the applicable Final Terms" in "EEA Consent" is deleted. 
General Consent is subject to the further condition that the financial intermediary is authorised to make 
a non-exempt public offer in Switzerland under applicable Swiss laws and regulations.

--- Page 13 ---
xiii
 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SECURITIES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS 
IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE 
ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST 
LOOK TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUER AND ANY DEALER 
(EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS 
ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
INFORMATION. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
Securities issued under the Base Prospectus may be rated by a rating agency from time to time. If a Class 
and/or Series of Securities is rated by a rating agency, certain information with respect to such credit 
rating agencies and ratings will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Securities will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended or superseded) (the EU CRA Regulation) will be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Securities will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the UK 
CRA Regulation) will be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Securities and any Securities Guarantee constitute unconditional liabilities of the respective issuers. 
None of the Securities nor any Securities Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (FDIC) or any other deposit protection insurance scheme. 
Any investment in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope 
of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuers are not regulated 
by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of any Securities. 
An Index of Defined Terms is set out on pages 1179 to 1195 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
 
Dealers
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG

--- Page 14 ---
xiv
 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Concerto Base Prospectus (as defined below)) comprises a base 
prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by Ensemble. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Ensemble Base Prospectus (as defined below)) comprises a base 
prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by Concerto. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Ensemble accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the Ensemble Base Prospectus 
(excluding the Concerto Base Prospectus) and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued 
under the Programme where Ensemble is the Issuer of such Tranche of Securities. Ensemble does not 
take responsibility for the Concerto Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of Ensemble, the 
information contained in the Ensemble Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in 
conjunction with "Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities" and 
"Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
Concerto accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the Concerto Base Prospectus 
(excluding the Ensemble Base Prospectus) and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued 
under the Programme where Concerto is the Issuer of such Tranche of Securities. Concerto does not 
take responsibility for the Ensemble Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of Concerto, the 
information contained in the Concerto Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction 
with "Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between 
Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
Where information in the Ensemble Base Prospectus or the Concerto Base Prospectus (as the case may 
be) has been sourced from a third party, the relevant Issuer accepts responsibility for accurately 
reproducing such information and, as far as the relevant Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any information contained in it relating to the Underlying(s), will only consist of extracts from, or 
summaries of, and will be based solely on, information contained in financial and other information 
released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s). Unless 
otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in relation to Exempt Securities and a 
Pricing Supplement only, the relevant Issuer accepts responsibility for accurately reproducing such 
extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s), no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph 
should be read in conjunction with the paragraphs immediately above. 
The Ensemble Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Ensemble Base Prospectus"). The 
Ensemble Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are 
incorporated into and form part of the Ensemble Base Prospectus. 
The Concerto Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Concerto Base Prospectus"). The 
Concerto Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are 
incorporated into and form part of the Concerto Base Prospectus. 
The Ensemble base prospectus (the Ensemble Base Prospectus) will comprise this Base Prospectus 
with the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Concerto 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Concerto Investment Corporation 
Limited".

--- Page 15 ---
xv
 
The Concerto base prospectus (the Concerto Base Prospectus) will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Ensemble 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Ensemble Investment Corporation SA". 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, any Counterparty, the Trustee or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer and/or any Counterparty since the date of this Base 
Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of either Issuer and/or 
any Counterparty since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 16 ---
xvi
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Share 
Trustees and the Corporate Service Provider do not and will not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been taken by 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Share Trustees or the Corporate Service Provider which 
is intended to permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Australia, Austria, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Belgium, 
Brazil, the British Virgin Islands, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, the Republic of Cyprus, the Czech 
Republic, Denmark, the Dominican Republic, the Dubai International Financial Centre, Ecuador, El 
Salvador, Finland, France, Guatemala, Honduras, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Ireland, 
Israel, Italy, Japan, the State of Kuwait, Mexico, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, 
Portugal, the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), the Russian Federation, the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, the Republic of Turkey, the United 
Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) and Uruguay. See "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The price and principal amount or number of securities (including any Securities) to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
None of the Trustee, the Arranger, any Dealer, the Share Trustees and the Corporate Service Provider 
have or will have separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Trustee, the Arranger, any Dealer, the Share Trustees and the Corporate Service Provider makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. The statements made in this paragraph 
are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuers under the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements or other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Securities are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of 
those things, by either Issuer, the Trustee, the Counterparty, the Arranger, any Dealer, the Share Trustees 
or the Corporate Service Provider that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial 
statements or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Securities should 
purchase any Securities. Each potential purchaser of any Securities should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of any Securities should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Each potential purchaser is authorised to use 
this Base Prospectus solely for the purpose of considering the purchase of Securities described in this 
Base Prospectus; any other usage of this Base Prospectus is unauthorised. The Trustee, the Dealers, the 
Arranger, the Share Trustees and the Corporate Service Provider expressly do not undertake to review 
the financial condition or affairs of either Issuer, any Counterparty, either Issuer Credit Enhancer, any 
Credit Support Provider or any obligor under any Charged Assets during the life of the Programme nor 
to advise any investor or potential investor in any Securities of any information coming to the attention 
of any of them. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements, if any, of the 
relevant Issuer, the relevant Counterparty (if any), the relevant Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), the 
relevant Credit Support Provider (if any) and the obligor under the relevant Charged Assets when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Securities.

--- Page 17 ---
xvii
 
For convenience, certain website addresses have been provided in this Base Prospectus. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Base Prospectus, no information in such websites should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus, the Central Bank of Ireland has not scrutinised 
or approved the information contained in such websites and none of the Issuers, any Counterparty, the 
Trustee, the Arranger, any Dealer, the Share Trustees or the Corporate Service Provider takes 
responsibility for the information contained in such websites. 
In connection with any Tranche, one or more of the Dealers may act as a stabilisation manager (the 
Stabilisation Manager(s)). The identity of the Stabilisation Managers, if any, will be disclosed in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Issue Terms may over allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to Euro, 
euro, € or EUR are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended (the Treaty), references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ are to the currency of the United States of 
America, references to Yen and JPY are to the currency of Japan, references to Renminbi, RMB, CNY 
are to the currency of the People's Republic of China, references to Sterling, and GBP are to the currency 
of the United Kingdom, references to Australian dollars and AUD are to the currency of the 
Commonwealth of Australia, references to New Zealand dollars are to the currency of New Zealand, 
references to Polish Zloty and PLN are to the currency of the Republic of Poland, references to Brazilian 
real are to the currency of the Federal Republic of Brazil, references to Czech Koruna and CZK are to 
the currency of the Czech Republic, and references to Norwegian Kroner and NOK are to the currency 
of the Kingdom of Norway.  
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus have 
the meaning attributed to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer, the 
Counterparty (if applicable) and the terms of the Securities being offered, including the merits and 
risks involved. None of the Securities has been approved or disapproved by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory 
authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus 
or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. The Securities do not constitute, and 
have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Securities 
has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended. 
None of the Issuers, any Counterparty, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Dealer, the Share Trustees 
or the Corporate Service Provider makes any representation to any investor in any Securities 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in any Securities 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in such Securities for an indefinite period 
of time.

--- Page 18 ---
xviii
 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United 
Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
Each purchaser or holder of Securities will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such 
Securities, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or 
other transfer of such Securities as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this "U.S. Information" section have the 
meanings given to them in "Form of the Securities". 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure by any party provided for in this Base Prospectus, or any 
other provision of this Base Prospectus and its contents or any associated Issue Terms, and effective from 
the date of commencement of any discussions concerning any of the transactions contemplated in it (the 
Transactions), any party (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any party) may disclose 
to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the 
Transactions and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to 
it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, except to the extent that any such disclosure could 
reasonably be expected to cause this Base Prospectus, any associated Issue Terms, or any offering of 
Securities thereunder not to be in compliance with securities laws. For purposes of this paragraph, the 
tax treatment of the Transactions is the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Transactions, and the tax structure of the Transactions is any fact that may be relevant to understanding 
the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transactions. 
MiFID II product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Securities 
about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 19 ---
xix
 
UK MiFIR product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Securities 
about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes 
of UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Unless otherwise provided, in connection with any issue of Securities in respect of which Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited is the manufacturer (for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules and MiFID II), it has prepared the following Target Market Assessment and Distribution Strategy 
https://www.citibank.com/icg/global_markets/docs/Target-Market-and-Distribution-Strategy-UK-
EEA.pdf. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution strategy; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for (i) undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market 
assessment); and (ii) determining appropriate distribution channels. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in Bahrain, Securities issued in connection with this document together with any 
related offering documents must be in registered form and must only be marketed to existing account 
holders and "Accredited Investors" as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (CBB) in Bahrain where 
such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in other 
currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine as the minimum amount for a private 
placement. 
This document does not constitute an offer of securities in Bahrain pursuant to the terms of Article (81) 
of the CBB and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006, as amended). This 
document, together with any related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this document together with any related documents or 
material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Bahrain, other than as marketing to Accredited Investors for 
an offer outside Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved, registered or filed this document together with any related offering 
documents and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Securities to be marketed for investment, 
whether in or outside Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this document and expressly disclaims any 
liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this document.  
No offer of Securities will be made to the public in Bahrain and this document together with any related 
offering documents must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made 
available to the public generally.  
Any offer of Securities to investors in Bahrain will be made by way of private placement. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no offer of Securities will be made to the public in Bahrain. All offers of Securities 
to investors in Bahrain are therefore intended for "Accredited Investors" only. "Accredited Investors" are 
defined as investors meeting the following criteria: 
(a) 
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars) excluding that person's principal place of 
residence; 
(b) 
companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings, which have financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars); or

--- Page 20 ---
xx
 
(c) 
Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities, 
and state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as state 
pension funds). 
Individuals and commercial undertakings may elect in writing to be treated as accredited investors 
subject to meeting at least 2 (two) of the following conditions: 
(a) 
the investor has carried out trading/investing transactions, in significant size (i.e. value of 
transactions aggregating U.S.$200,000 (two hundred thousand United States Dollars)) over the 
last twelve (12) month period; 
(b) 
the size of the investor's financial assets portfolio including cash deposits and financial 
instruments is U.S.$500,000 (five hundred thousand United States Dollars) or more; and/or 
(c) 
the investor works or has worked in the financial sector for at least 1 (one) year in a professional 
position, which requires knowledge of the transactions or services envisaged (i.e. the position 
was professional in nature and held in a field that allowed the client to acquire knowledge of 
transactions or services that have comparable features and a comparable level of complexity to 
the transactions or services envisaged). 
All offers of Securities to investors in Bahrain will be made by way of private placement and may only 
be offered to investors in Bahrain in minimum subscriptions of U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in other 
currencies). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE SULTANATE OF OMAN 
Under no circumstances shall the Securities be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the Sultanate of Oman (Oman) in a way that would constitute as an offer of securities in 
Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (RD 18/2019) or otherwise under 
the laws of the Sultanate of Oman. This document has not been filed with, reviewed, approved or 
registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market Authority of Oman or the Central Bank of Oman. This 
document (and any related Issue Terms) is strictly private and confidential and is provided on an 
exclusive basis to a limited number of sophisticated investors upon their request and initiative, and for 
the recipient's personal use only. It is not for general circulation in the Sultanate of Oman and may not 
be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE STATE OF QATAR 
Under no circumstances shall the Securities be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute 
a public offering. This document (and any related Issue Terms) is not intended to constitute an offer, sale 
or delivery of interest in any securities under the laws of the State of Qatar including the rules and 
regulations of the Qatar Central Bank (QCB), Qatar Financial Centre Authority (QFCA), Qatar Financial 
Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA) and the Qatar Financial Markets Authority (QFMA). This 
document (and any related Issue Terms) has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or 
registered with the QCB, the Qatar Exchange, the QFCRA or the QFMA in accordance with their 
regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including the regulations of the Qatar Financial 
Centre). Therefore, to the extent that this document (and any related Issue Terms) is issued or otherwise 
made available in the State of Qatar, it is being issued on a strictly private and confidential basis to less 
than two hundred sophisticated investors in the State of Qatar who are willing and able to conduct an 
independent review of the risks involved in an investment of this nature. In the State of Qatar it may not 
be reproduced or used for any other purpose nor provided to any other person other than the recipient 
thereof. The Securities are neither Qatari securities nor will they be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. 
The Securities and interests therein do not constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the 
laws of the State of Qatar (including the regulations of the Qatar Financial Centre). The information 
contained in this document does not, and is not intended to, constitute a public or general offer or other 
invitation in respect of units in a collective investment scheme or other securities in the State of Qatar or 
the Qatar Financial Centre and is only intended for specific recipients, in compliance with the foregoing. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA

--- Page 21 ---
xxi
 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing 
Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (CMA).  
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document (or any 
related Issue Terms), and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or 
incurred in reliance upon, any part of this document (and/or any related Issue Terms). Prospective 
purchasers of the Securities offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of 
the information relating to the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this document (and/or 
any related Issue Terms), you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
Each private placement offering document used in advertising an offer of Securities must prominently 
include the above paragraph. 
RUSSIAN NOTICES 
Information contained herein (and any related Issue Terms) is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers, 
sell, exchange or otherwise transfer any securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any 
Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian 
Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws. Information contained in this Base Prospectus 
(and any related Issue Terms) is not intended for any persons in the Russian Federation who are not 
"qualified investors" within the meaning of Article 51.2 of Federal Law No. 39-FZ "On the Securities 
Market" dated 22 April 1996, as amended (Russian QIs) and must not be distributed or circulated into 
Russia or made available in Russia to any persons who are not Russian QIs, unless and to the extent they 
are otherwise permitted to access such information under Russian law. The Securities have not been and 
will not be registered in Russia and are not intended for "placement" or "circulation" in Russia (each as 
defined in Russian securities laws) or otherwise for sale to Russian persons unless and to the extent 
otherwise permitted under Russian law. Information contained herein (and any related Issue Terms) may 
not correspond to the risk profile of a particular investor, does not take in account one's personal 
preferences and expectations on risk and/or profitability and therefore does not constitute an individual 
investment recommendation for the purposes of Russian law. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN TURKEY 
This Base Prospectus (and any related Issue Terms) is provided upon your request and this Base 
Prospectus (and any information contained herein, and any related Issue Terms) is for information 
purposes and is not intended to provide any investment advice or constitute an offer of Securities for 
sale, or solicitation of an offer to purchase of Securities by Turkish residents or toward the Turkish 
market. The Securities referred to herein (and any related Issue Terms) have not been approved by the 
Capital Markets Board of Turkey (the CMB) and, therefore, no material, announcement or promotion, 
regardless of its form or medium, could be made or distributed to Turkish residents that would constitute 
"an offer of sale in Turkey or towards Turkish residents". Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 
regarding the protection of the value of the Turkish currency, however, a resident of Turkey may 
purchase Securities on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, provided that (i) such Securities are traded 
in the financial markets outside of Turkey; (ii) such purchase is made through licensed banks and/or 
licensed brokerage institutions in Turkey; and (iii) the consideration of the purchase of such Securities 
has been or will be transferred through licensed banks operating in Turkey. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (EXCLUDING THE DUBAI 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE) 
This Base Prospectus (and any related Issue Terms) may not be distributed in the United Arab Emirates 
(UAE) other than to a limited number of investors who qualify as professional investors as defined in 
the Securities and Commodities Authority (SCA) Decision No. 13/RM/2021 on the Rules Handbook of 
Financial Activities and Mechanisms of Status Regularisation. No Securities have been or are being 
publicly offered, sold, promoted or advertised in the UAE. The Securities will be sold outside the UAE 
and are not part of a public offering. This Base Prospectus, any relevant documents and the Securities 
have not been reviewed or approved by, registered or deposited with, the UAE Central Bank, the SCA 
or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. This Base Prospectus 
(and any related Issue Terms) must not be shown, made available or provided to any person other than 
the original recipient and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. The Securities may not

--- Page 22 ---
xxii
 
be offered or sold directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. If you do not understand the contents 
of this Base Prospectus (and any related Issue Terms), you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA)  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities, all Securities issued 
or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).

--- Page 23 ---
xxiii
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION  
OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE CHARGED ASSETS ........................................................... 17 
This section sets out a brief description of the Programme.  
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................... 26 
This section sets out the principal risks the Issuers believe to be inherent in investing in Securities. 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................. 110 
This section sets out certain investment considerations to be carefully considered by an investor prior 
to making a decision as to whether to invest in the Securities. 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS ........................................................................................... 124 
This section incorporates selected financial and other information regarding the Issuers from other 
publicly available documents. This section also details where certain specified documents relating to the 
Securities are made available for viewing. 
SECTION D.1 - DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE ENSEMBLE 
BASE PROSPECTUS  ............................................................................................................ 125 
SECTION D.2 - DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CONCERTO 
BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................. 127 
SECTION D.3 - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION .................................... 128 
SECTION D.4 - SUPPLEMENTS TO THE ENSEMBLE BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE 
CONCERTO BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................... 129 
SECTION E – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ....................................... 130 
SECTION E.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ................................... 134 
The General Conditions of the Securities set out the general terms and conditions relating to the 
Securities. These are generic provisions that apply to all Securities 
SECTION E.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES
  .............................................................................................................................................. 206 
The Underlying Schedules set out the terms and conditions relating to underlying assets. The 
Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Series of Securities will depend on which 
underlying asset(s) the Securities are linked to, which information will be detailed in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS ................................ 206 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS .............................. 215 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS .......................... 220 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS ........................................ 226 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS .................................................... 232 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS ....................... 241

--- Page 24 ---
xxiv
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE 
CONDITIONS ........................................................................................................................ 251 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS .................................... 258 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS ................................................ 266 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS ...................... 277 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS .. 281 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS .................................................... 285 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ................................. 288 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE ....................................................................... 465 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule sets out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Securities. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Securities. The 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series 
of Securities. 
SECTION E.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS .................................................................... 665 
The Pro Forma Final Terms is a template of the Final Terms document which will be completed 
with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are not Exempt Securities. 
When completed, the Final Terms should be read in conjunction with General Conditions of the 
Securities, the Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to apply 
to such Tranche of Securities and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, which together set out 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Securities. 
SECTION E.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................... 849 
The Pro Forma Pricing Supplement is a template of the Pricing Supplement document which will 
be completed with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are Exempt 
Securities. When completed, the Pricing Supplement should be read in conjunction with the 
General Conditions of the Securities, the Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement to apply to such Series of Securities and the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule, which together set out the terms and conditions of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities. The Pricing Supplement may amend, modify or supplement provisions set out in the 
General Conditions of the Securities, any relevant Underlying Schedule(s) and/or the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule 
SECTION F – THE CHARGED AGREEMENT 
This section sets out a description of the terms of Charged Agreements documented on the basis of an 
ISDA Master Agreement or a GMSLA Master Agreement 
SECTION F.1 – THE SWAP AGREEMENT ...................................................................... 1027 
SECTION F.2 – THE SL AGREEMENT ............................................................................. 1032 
SECTION G – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE 
COUNTERPARTIES 
This section provides a description of the Issuers' and the Counterparty' business activities as 
well as certain other information in respect of them. 
SECTION G.1 – DESCRIPTION OF ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA 1037 
SECTION G.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CONCERTO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
LIMITED  ............................................................................................................................. 1043

--- Page 25 ---
xxv
 
SECTION G.3 – INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIBANK, N.A. ............................... 1047 
SECTION G.4 – INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
LIMITED  ............................................................................................................................. 1051 
SECTION G.5 – INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
EUROPE AG  ....................................................................................................................... 1053 
SECTION H - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
SECURITIES 
This section sets out general information relating to the Programme, including Securities which may be 
issued under the Programme. 
SECTION H.1 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS .................................................................................. 1056 
This section sets out certain general information relating to the listing and clearing system(s) 
that may apply to Securities issued under the Base Prospectus, as well as explaining that there 
is no intention to provide post-issuance information. 
SECTION H.2 – ISSUE OF SECURITIES .......................................................................... 1058 
This section sets out general information relating to the issue of Securities, including an 
explanation of the differences between a Tranche and a Series. 
SECTION H.3 – USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................ 1059 
This section sets out a description of how the proceeds of the sale of a Series of Securities will 
be used.  
SECTION H.4 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES ................... 1060 
This section provides information in respect of certain product features and/or characteristics 
which may have an effect on the return on the Securities. 
SECTION H.5 – FORM OF THE SECURITIES.................................................................. 1076 
This section describes the form of the Securities (which form may be global registered form, 
definitive registered form or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form). 
SECTION H.6 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS .............................................. 1078 
This section sets out information relating to the clearing system(s) through which a Series of 
Securities may be cleared. 
SECTION H.7 – ERISA RESTRICTIONS ........................................................................... 1081 
This section sets out information relating to a restriction on Securities being acquired or held by 
certain United States pension and employee benefit plans and certain other plans such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans. 
SECTION H.8 – CAYMAN ISLANDS DATA PROTECTION .......................................... 1083 
This section sets out an overview of certain requirements which apply to Concerto under the 
Data Protection Act of the Cayman Islands. 
SECTION H.9 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................... 1085 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the Securities 
in certain jurisdictions.

--- Page 26 ---
xxvi
 
SECTION H.10 – NOTICE TO INVESTORS ..................................................................... 1115 
This section sets out a notice of certain restrictions for purchasers making any offer, resale, 
pledge or other transfer of the Securities. 
SECTION H.11 – TAXATION OF SECURITIES ............................................................... 1117 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to Securities. 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................ 1179 
This section sets out a list of capitalised terms used in the Base Prospectus which have a particular 
definition ascribed to them and detail the page number where that definition can be found. 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES ................................................................. 1196 
This section sets out the names and addresses of entities that may perform certain key roles in relation 
to Securities or otherwise in relation to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 27 ---
OVERVIEW 
1
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This Overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and is provided as an aid 
to investors when considering whether to invest in Securities but is not a substitute for this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in any Securities should be based on a consideration of the Base 
Prospectus as a whole, including any documents incorporated by reference and the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in Section E.1 "General Conditions of the Securities" or the Underlying 
Schedules thereto and in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings herein. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS: 
Issuers: 
Each of Ensemble Investment Corporation SA (acting in respect of 
one of its Compartments) and Concerto Investment Corporation 
Limited, acting severally and in relation to the relevant Series of 
Securities, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Description of Ensemble 
Investment Corporation SA: 
Ensemble is a special purpose vehicle incorporated under the law of 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, for an unlimited duration, on 
19 June 2012 and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and 
Companies Register under number B169603. Ensemble's corporate 
form has been changed from a partnership limited by shares (société 
en commandite par actions) to a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme). Ensemble has the status of an authorised 
securitisation undertaking under the Securitisation Act 2004 and is 
supervised by the CSSF. Under the Securitisation Act 2004, the 
assets, liabilities and obligations of Ensemble are segregated into 
separate compartments (together the Compartments and each a 
Compartment). The assets of each Compartment are, by operation 
of the Securitisation Act 2004, only available to satisfy the 
obligations of Ensemble which are incurred in relation to that 
Compartment. 
Business of Ensemble 
Investment Corporation SA: 
The business of Ensemble is restricted by the terms of the relevant 
Master Trust Deed. The only assets of Ensemble available to meet 
claims of Securityholders of the relevant Securities issued by it are 
the assets comprised in the collection of assets, rights and other 
benefits comprising the security for such Securities. 
Other information about Ensemble Investment Corporation SA is 
set out under Section G.1 "Description of Ensemble Investment 
Corporation SA" below. 
Description of Concerto 
Investment Corporation 
Limited: 
Concerto is an exempted company incorporated with limited 
liability on 5 March 2020 under the Companies Act (As Revised) 
(the Cayman Companies Act), with incorporation number 360873. 
Business of Concerto 
Investment Corporation 
Limited: 
The business of Concerto is restricted by the terms of the relevant 
Master Trust Deed. The only assets of Concerto available to meet 
claims of Securityholders of the relevant Securities issued by it are 
the assets comprised in the collection of assets, rights and other 
benefits comprising the security for such Securities.  
Other information about Concerto Investment Corporation Limited 
is set out under "Description of Concerto Investment Corporation 
Limited" below.  
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME: 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited.

--- Page 28 ---
OVERVIEW 
2
 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited or Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG. 
Each Issuer may from time to time appoint additional dealers either 
in respect of one or more Tranches of Securities or in respect of the 
whole Programme or terminate the appointment of any dealer under 
the Programme. 
The name of the Dealer(s) for each Series will be stated in the 
relevant Issue Terms for such Series.  
Principal Paying Agent, 
Agent Bank and Transfer 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Custodian: 
Citibank Europe plc (Luxembourg Branch) or such other custodian 
as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of any Series 
of Securities issued by Ensemble, each Custodian appointed by 
Ensemble must have its specified office in Luxembourg. 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc. 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c.. 
Corporate Service Provider: 
Alter Domus Alternative Asset Fund Administration S.à r.l. (Alter 
Domus) provides certain corporate, clerical and administrative 
services to Ensemble. 
MaplesFS Limited (the Cayman Administrator) provides certain 
corporate, clerical and administrative services to Concerto. 
Redemption Agent: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited. 
Calculation Agent: 
Such calculation agent as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
which is expected to be either Citibank, N.A., London Branch or 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited. 
Counterparty: 
Each Swap Counterparty and SL Counterparty and/or any other 
counterparty in respect of any Charged Agreement as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
Swap Counterparty: 
One or more of Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited, Citibank, N.A. and/or any other 
Counterparty specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
Counterparty may, without the consent of the relevant 
Securityholders or the relevant Issuer, and upon providing prior 
notice to the Trustee, transfer all or part of its interest and 
obligations in and under the relevant Swap Agreement to any 
affiliate of such Counterparty, subject to the satisfaction of certain 
criteria specified in the relevant Swap Agreement and any other 
provisions in the relevant Swap Agreement prohibiting such transfer 
at such time. 
SL Counterparty: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited or any other Counterparty 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the SL 
Counterparty may, without the consent of the relevant 
Securityholders or the relevant Issuer, and upon providing prior 
notice to the Trustee, transfer all or part of its interest and

--- Page 29 ---
OVERVIEW 
3
 
obligations in and under the relevant SL Agreement to any affiliate 
of such SL Counterparty, subject to the satisfaction of certain 
criteria specified in the relevant SL Agreement and any other 
provisions in the relevant SL Agreement prohibiting such transfer at 
such time.  
Charged Agreements: 
In respect of each Series, the relevant Issuer may enter into one or 
more interest rate and/or currency and/or other exchange 
agreements and/or repurchase, reverse repurchase or securities 
lending agreements and/or other derivative, lending or hedging 
agreements with a Counterparty.  
Any such agreement(s) are collectively referred to as the Charged 
Agreements for such Series, and shall be specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Charged 
Agreement(s) may be documented on the basis of one or more 
confirmations and an ISDA Master Agreement (including the 
Schedule and, if the transaction is specified as a "Collateralised 
Transaction" in the applicable confirmation, the relevant credit 
support annex, thereto) (together, an ISDA Agreement). The 
obligations of any Counterparty under an ISDA Agreement will not 
have the benefit of a guarantee, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Charged Agreements 
may be documented on the basis of a GMSLA Master Agreement in 
the form of a Global Master Securities Lending Agreement (January 
2010 Version) (the GMSLA Master Agreement) (including the 
schedules thereto, together with transactions entered into between 
the Issuer and the SL Counterparty in respect of a Series of 
Securities (the SL Transactions and each an SL Transaction)) 
(together the SL Agreement). The obligations of any SL 
Counterparty under an SL Agreement will not have the benefit of a 
guarantee, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A description of the terms of Charged Agreements documented on 
the basis of an ISDA Agreement or an SL Agreement is set out under 
Section F – The Charged Agreement" below.  
Charged Assets: 
The Charged Assets (if any) shall be certain bonds, notes, securities, 
commodities, other assets, or contractual or other rights and all 
rights in respect thereof or relating thereto, as are specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms and, as applicable, such term shall 
include the cash and/or securities from time to time transferred to 
the relevant Issuer from the relevant Counterparty pursuant to any 
relevant credit support annex to the ISDA Master Agreement and 
the securities from time to time transferred to the relevant Issuer 
from the relevant SL Counterparty pursuant to the SL Agreement 
(as the case may be) (the Counterparty Collateral).  
Where any Charged Assets are expressed in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "ISDA Issuer Collateral" and any or all of such assets 
are from time to time transferred to the Counterparty from the 
relevant Issuer pursuant to any relevant credit support annex to the 
ISDA Master Agreement (the ISDA Issuer Collateral) then such 
Charged Assets shall be released from applicable security interests 
and, unless and until such assets are transferred from the

--- Page 30 ---
OVERVIEW 
4
 
Counterparty to the relevant Issuer, shall no longer be Charged 
Assets. 
The Charged Assets will be owned by the relevant Issuer and may 
(where practicable) be deposited with the relevant Custodian. 
If "Charged Asset Substitution" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Charged Assets (other than any Charged 
Assets comprising Counterparty Collateral) may be substituted with 
alternative assets in the circumstances described in General 
Condition 5(b)(ii) (Charged Asset Substitution). 
If a modification of or a material change to any ISDA Issuer 
Collateral or any Charged Asset (other than Counterparty 
Collateral) occurs (a Charged Asset Modification Event), (A) the 
Calculation Agent may make such amendments to any of the 
provisions of the Securities as it determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion as necessary or appropriate to account for the relevant 
Charged Asset Modification Event (including, without limitation, 
any amendments necessary to account for the commercial effect of 
a change to the basis for determining any amounts due in respect of 
the ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or Charged Assets) and determine 
the effective date of such amendments or (B) the relevant Issuer may 
at its discretion and without obligation redeem all but not some only 
of the Securities, with each Specified Denomination being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount of 
such Security. 
Securities Guarantee: 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms (in the case of Exempt 
Securities), the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the 
Securities issued by it and the Trust Deed will be supported by 
means of a guarantee, insurance policy or other form of credit 
enhancement provided by the Issuer Credit Enhancer specified 
therein. The obligations of the Issuer Credit Enhancer under such 
Securities Guarantee will be direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer Credit Enhancer and will rank pari passu 
and equally with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer. 
Credit Support Document: 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities issued by it and/or under the 
relevant Swap Agreement will be secured in favour of the Trustee 
by way of a first ranking assignment of the relevant Issuer's rights, 
title and interest in, to or under, any specified guarantee, letter of 
credit or other similar arrangement given by a "Credit Support 
Provider" in favour of the relevant Issuer in respect of any Charged 
Assets. 
How the relevant Issuer 
funds its payment 
obligations in respect of the 
Securities: 
In relation to any Series of Securities where there are only Charged 
Assets, the Charged Assets shall have characteristics whereby they 
demonstrate a capacity to produce funds to service the relevant 
Issuer's obligations to make payments and/or deliveries in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of such Securities.  
In relation to any Series of Securities where there are Charged 
Agreements, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Charged 
Agreement, the Issuers may either receive an amount from the 
Counterparty to purchase some or all the Charged Assets or be 
required to deliver Charged Assets to the Counterparty. The 
transfers between the relevant Issuer and the Counterparty, as

--- Page 31 ---
OVERVIEW 
5
 
applicable, will be used to service the cash flows under the 
Securities. 
Security and Limited 
Recourse: 
Unless and to the extent otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the obligations of the relevant Issuer in respect of the 
Securities issued by it and/or under any Charged Agreement are 
secured under the Master Trust Deed and any applicable Charging 
Document in favour of the Trustee by security interests over the 
relevant Issuer's rights, title and interest in the Mortgaged Property 
for such Securities (which shall include any Charged Assets relating 
to such Securities, any Credit Support Document(s) relating to such 
Securities, the Agency Agreement, the Custodial Services 
Agreement, any Collateral Services Agreement, any Charged 
Agreements, any sale agreement relating to the Charged Assets and 
any bank accounts of the relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities). 
The secured creditors of all Securities of each Issuer are also secured 
under the Master Trust Deed by a floating charge (Floating Charge) 
over the assets of such Issuer (other than its share capital and the 
assets which have been allocated to a compartment). 
Prior to the enforcement of the security for the Securities, the 
proceeds of the Mortgaged Property of the relevant Series will be 
applied in accordance with the order of priorities specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. If the security for the Securities is enforced, 
the ranking of the relative claims of, inter alios, the Securityholders 
and any Counterparty over the Mortgaged Property will be in 
accordance with the Security Ranking Basis specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
All payments and/or, in respect of Physical Settlement Securities, 
the delivery of any Entitlement, in each case to be made by the 
relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities and any related Charged 
Agreement, will only be made from and to the extent of the assets 
received or recovered from time to time in respect of the Mortgaged 
Property (the Relevant Sums) and, to the extent that the Relevant 
Sums are less than the amount which the holders of the Securities 
and any Counterparty may have expected to receive (a shortfall), 
any such shortfall will be borne by such holders and by such 
Counterparty (if any) without any further recourse to the relevant 
Issuer and, other than where the Securities are notes for which 
"Korean Market Notes" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (Korean Market Notes), any right to claim 
payment of any amount exceeding the Relevant Sums will be 
extinguished. 
These arrangements are set out under Section E.1 "General 
Conditions of the Securities" below, as supplemented by the 
applicable Issue Terms, and in the Master Trust Deed. 
Risk Factors: 
The following paragraphs do not describe all the risks of an 
investment in any Securities. Prospective purchasers should consult 
their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with 
investment in any Securities and the suitability of investing in any 
Securities in light of their particular circumstances. 
Each Issuer is a special purpose company which does not have 
substantial assets of its own to support its obligations under the 
Securities which it has issued and amounts due to Securityholders 
will only be paid from the Securities Guarantee (if any), the Charged 
Assets (if any), the Credit Support Document(s) (if any), any assets 
paid or delivered to the relevant Issuer under the Charged

--- Page 32 ---
OVERVIEW 
6
 
Agreement(s) and any other Mortgaged Property, in each case 
relating to the relevant Series. There are certain factors that may 
affect the relevant Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under any 
Securities: the Counterparty's (if any) ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Charged Agreement, the Issuer Credit Enhancer's (if any) 
ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of the Securities Guarantee 
and each obligor's ability to fulfil its obligations under any Charged 
Assets (if any). 
Therefore, Securityholders assume full credit risk of the 
relevant Issuer, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer 
and the obligor(s) of any Charged Assets, as applicable. 
Securityholders should be aware that they only have recourse to 
the assets realised in respect of the Mortgaged Property relating 
to the relevant Securities applied in accordance with the 
applicable Security Ranking Basis. If the Mortgaged Property 
is insufficient to meet the relevant Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities, in certain circumstances, payments and/or deliveries 
to Securityholders will be reduced and, in these circumstances, 
the assets received by Securityholders could be less than the 
amount due in respect of the Securities and could be zero. 
An investment in Securities the payments and/or deliveries in 
respect of which is/are determined by reference to one or more 
values of currencies, commodities, interest rates, shares, depositary 
receipts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, dividend futures 
contracts, or other securities, intangibles, goods, articles, security 
indices, inflation indices, commodity indices, proprietary indices 
(which may be linked or referenced to one or more asset classes) or 
other bases of reference or formulae (the Underlying(s)), either 
directly or inversely, or which may be redeemable for certain assets, 
may, in each case, entail significant risks including risks that are not 
associated with an investment in a debt instrument with a fixed 
principal amount and which bears interest at either a fixed rate or at 
a floating rate determined by reference to published interest rate 
references. The risks of a particular Securities will depend on the 
terms of such Securities but may include, without limitation, the 
possibility of significant changes in the price of the relevant 
Underlying(s). Such risks generally depend on factors over which 
the relevant Issuer has no control and which cannot readily be 
foreseen, such as economic and political events and the supply of 
and demand for the relevant Underlying(s). In recent years, currency 
exchange rates and prices for various Underlying(s) have been 
highly volatile, and such volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations in any such rates or prices that have occurred in the past 
are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may 
occur during the term of any Security. The risk of loss as a result of 
the linkage to the relevant Underlying(s) can be substantial. 
PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
MUST 
REVIEW 
THE 
APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS TO ASCERTAIN WHAT THE 
RELEVANT UNDERLYING(S) ARE AND TO SEE HOW 
ANY AMOUNTS PAYABLE AND/OR DELIVERABLE ARE 
DETERMINED AND WHEN ANY SUCH AMOUNTS ARE 
PAYABLE AND/OR DELIVERABLE, AS THE CASE MAY 
BE, BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION TO PURCHASE 
ANY SECURITIES. THERE MAY BE A RISK OF LOSS OF 
PRINCIPAL.

--- Page 33 ---
OVERVIEW 
7
 
These risk factors and others specific to the relevant Issuer are set 
out under Section B – Risk Factors" below.  
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SECURITIES: 
Status and Terms: 
Securities of each Class will be secured, limited recourse obligations 
of the relevant Issuer ranking pari passu and without preference 
among themselves. The Securities are constituted by, and in 
accordance with, the Trust Deed and are subject to the Terms and 
Conditions as supplemented by the applicable Issue Terms. 
Type: 
The Securities may not bear interest, or be interest bearing 
securities, securities which pay a fixed amount on redemption, as 
well as the following types of securities whose return (in respect to 
any interest payable on such securities and/or their redemption 
amount) is linked to one or more: 
(a) 
security indices; 
(b) 
inflation indices; 
(c) 
commodity indices; 
(d) 
commodities; 
(e) 
shares; 
(f) 
depositary receipts; 
(g) 
exchange traded fund (ETF) shares; 
(h) 
mutual funds; 
(i) 
currency exchange rates; 
(j) 
proprietary indices; 
(k) 
dividend futures contracts; 
(l) 
rates; or 
(m) 
any combination of the foregoing. 
In addition, the Securities may be Notes whose return is linked to 
the credit of one or more specified entities (such Notes may or may 
not bear interest). 
Denominations: 
Such denominations specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Form: 
Securities will be issued in registered form, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Further details in relation to the form of the Securities are set out 
under Section H.5 "Form Of The Securities" below. 
In addition, indirect interests in the Securities may be delivered, held 
and settled via the CREST Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland (CREST). 
Issue Price: 
Such issue price as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
OVERVIEW 
8
 
Underlying Linked 
Securities: 
To the extent specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amounts 
payable and/or assets deliverable may be calculated by reference to 
one or more Underlying(s), as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Physical Settlement: 
To the extent specified in the applicable Issue Terms, settlement 
may be by way of physical delivery of certain assets as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
In the case of Physical Settlement, if a Settlement Disruption Event 
occurs or exists on any due date for delivery of such assets, 
settlement will be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day 
in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The 
Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) in these circumstances 
may elect to deliver the relevant Entitlement in such other 
commercially reasonable manner as it may select or it may pay the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu of delivering the 
Entitlement. 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms and, at the relevant time, it is impossible 
or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the assets 
otherwise due to be delivered, where such failure to deliver is due 
to illiquidity in the market for such assets, the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) has the right to pay the Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount in lieu of delivering some or all of such assets 
which are affected by such illiquidity. 
In respect of Physical Settlement Securities, the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that any such asset comprises securities which are not freely 
tradeable and deliverable, elect to substitute a substitute asset for 
such Underlying or not to deliver or procure the delivery of the 
relevant Underlying or the relevant substitute asset, but in lieu 
thereof to make a cash payment to the Securityholders of the 
Alternate Cash Redemption Amount.  
Illegality, impossibility, 
force majeure and 
Regulatory Event: 
If, for reasons beyond its control, the performance of any of the 
relevant Issuer's obligations under the Securities issued by it or any 
Counterparty's obligations under the relevant Charged Agreement 
is:  
(a) 
prevented by reason of illegality, impossibility or force 
majeure, in whole or in part; or  
(b) 
a Regulatory Event occurs,  
the relevant Issuer may at its discretion and without obligation 
redeem (or, in the case of a Regulatory Event, will redeem) all but 
not some of the Securities and, if and to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, will pay, in respect of each Security, an amount 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount of such Security

--- Page 35 ---
OVERVIEW 
9
 
notwithstanding such illegality, impossibility, force majeure or 
Regulatory Event. 
Reference Rate Event: 
If a Series of Securities references a Reference Rate, there is a risk 
that a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of such Reference 
Rate. A Reference Rate is any rate howsoever described and as 
amended from time to time (which may include, without limitation, 
any floating rate determined by reference to Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination or any swap rate, including 
any related component rate, tenor or compounded index rate in 
respect thereof), and a Reference Rate Event is expected to occur if 
any of a number of events were to occur with respect to the relevant 
Reference Rate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
a material change in the relevant Reference Rate or the 
permanent or indefinite cessation or cancellation or 
prohibition of use of the relevant Reference Rate; 
(b) 
the refusal, suspension or withdrawal of authorisation, 
registration, recognition or similar of the administrator or 
sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate; 
(c) 
is not applicable, it not being commercially reasonable to 
continue use of the Reference Rate due to licensing 
restrictions or changes in licensing costs; 
(d) 
there being a public statement or publication of information 
by a relevant administrator, sponsor or a supervising, 
regulatory or official body announcing that the relevant 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of any 
underlying market and economic reality that such 
Reference Rate is intended to measure (and which 
representativeness will not be restored); or  
(e) 
the relevant Reference Rate being subject to a market-wide 
development in the over-the-counter derivatives market 
pursuant to which it is or will be replaced with a 
replacement rate.  
There is no certainty as to when a Reference Rate Event may occur. 
Whether a Reference Rate Event has occurred in relation to a Series 
of Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If a Reference Rate Event does occur in relation to a Series of 
Securities: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the terms 
of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to 
the Series if it (1) identifies a Replacement Reference Rate 
in respect of the Reference Rate or (2) determines that such 
adjustments are necessary or appropriate to account for the 
effect of such Reference Rate Event; or  
(b) 
if no Replacement Reference Rate can be identified or no 
suitable adjustments can be determined to account for such 
Reference Rate Event, the relevant Issuer may, at its 
discretion and without obligation, redeem all but not some 
of the Securities and will pay, in respect of each Security, 
an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount of such 
Security.

--- Page 36 ---
OVERVIEW 
10
 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
If a Series of Securities specifies any Benchmark to be applicable in 
respect of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to 
the Series, there is a risk that an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
may occur in respect of such Benchmark. A Benchmark is any figure 
or rate by reference to which any amount payable or deliverable 
under the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the 
Series, or the value of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement 
relating 
to 
the 
Series, 
is 
determined, 
and 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event is expected to occur if any of a 
number of events were to occur with respect to the relevant 
Benchmark including, without limitation, a material change in the 
relevant Benchmark, the permanent or indefinite cessation or 
cancellation or prohibition of use of the relevant Benchmark, the 
refusal, suspension or withdrawal of authorisation, registration, 
recognition or similar of the administrator or sponsor of the relevant 
Benchmark, it not being commercially reasonable to continue use of 
the Benchmark due to licensing restrictions or changes in licensing 
costs or an official statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
and/or sponsor of the relevant Benchmark announcing that the 
relevant Benchmark is no longer representative of any relevant 
underlying market(s). There is no certainty as to when an 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
may 
occur. 
Whether 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Series 
of Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event does occur in relation to a 
Series of Securities:  
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement 
relating to the Series as it determines necessary or 
appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event 
or circumstance (which may include selecting one or more 
successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to 
the terms of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement 
relating to the Series, including, if applicable, to one or 
more dates or in respect of any hedging arrangements in 
respect of the Securities); or  
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, at its discretion and without 
obligation, redeem all but not some of the Securities and 
will pay, in respect of each Security, an amount equal to 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Security. 
ATAD Event: 
If, in respect of Securities issued by Ensemble acting in respect of 
one of its Compartments, the relevant Issuer determines or 
reasonably believes that it is likely that a tax, duty or charge of 
whatsoever nature will become effectively due and payable as a 
consequence of the Luxembourg law implementing ATAD, it shall, 
as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of 
such event:  
(a) 
give notice to the Securityholders and to the Trustee, the 
Redemption Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and the rating agencies (if any) of the occurrence 
of such event; and  
(b) 
redeem each outstanding Security by payment of an 
amount equal to its ATAD Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 37 ---
OVERVIEW 
11
 
The ATAD Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each 
Security incorporates a pro rata share of an ATAD Deduction, being 
an amount deducted from the ordinary Early Redemption Amount 
payable on an early redemption of the Securities equal to the amount 
(or a reasonable estimate of such amount) required by the relevant 
Issuer to satisfy the taxes, duties or charges, as applicable, imposed 
on it as a consequence of ATAD. If, following payment by the 
relevant Issuer of such taxes, duties or charges, such Issuer 
determines that the ATAD Deduction exceeded the amount actually 
paid in satisfaction of such applicable taxes, duties or charges, an 
amount shall be payable in respect of each Security equal to its pro 
rata share of such surplus. 
Events of Default: 
Securities will contain certain Events of Default relating to, inter 
alia, non-payment or non-delivery, non-performance and certain 
insolvency events relating to the relevant Issuer, the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any), or the Credit Support Provider (if any).  
Taxation: 
If taxes are imposed: 
(a) 
on payments to be made by the relevant Issuer or Issuer 
Credit Enhancer (if any) under the Securities; 
(b) 
on amounts received by the relevant Issuer under any 
Charged Assets or any Charged Agreement such that the 
net amounts received by such Issuer in respect of any 
Charged Assets or under any Charged Agreement are 
insufficient to meet the amounts due under the relevant 
Securities; or 
(c) 
on the relevant Issuer Credit Enhancer, if any, and such 
Issuer Credit Enhancer would be unable for reasons outside 
its control to procure payment by the relevant Issuer, 
then the relevant Issuer or Issuer Credit Enhancer, as the case may 
be, will deduct an amount representing such taxes from payments in 
respect of the Securities and, if so requested by a holder of such 
Securities, redeem the Securities at the Early Redemption Amount. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify the final Redemption 
Amount or the basis for its calculation. Unless otherwise disapplied 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Securities may be redeemed early 
prior to their stated maturity in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified to be redeemable in 
instalments, in which case the applicable Issue Terms shall 
specify the relevant instalment amounts and instalment 
dates applicable to such Securities; 
(b) 
following an Event of Default;  
(c) 
if any ISDA Issuer Collateral (or part thereof) or any 
Charged Assets (or part thereof), other than Charged Assets 
comprising Counterparty Collateral, become due and 
repayable on a date prior to their stated maturity (whether 
by reason of a default in payment or otherwise) or, if 
applicable, claims arise under the Credit Support 
Document (if any) and/or any such claims become 
enforceable; 
(d) 
following a Charged Asset Modification Event;

--- Page 38 ---
OVERVIEW 
12
 
(e) 
for certain taxation reasons as described above;  
(f) 
if any Charged Agreement is terminated (in whole but not 
in part) other than (i) in connection with a redemption or 
repurchase of the Securities by the relevant Issuer or (ii) 
following an Event of Default;  
(g) 
the performance by the relevant Issuer of its obligations 
under the Securities or by the relevant Counterparty of its 
obligations under the Charged Agreement is prevented by 
reason of (i) a force majeure or act of state occurring after 
such obligation is entered into or (ii) such obligations 
having become illegal or impossible in whole or in part; or 
(h) 
a Regulatory Event, a Reference Rate Event, an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, an ATAD Event, 
Counterparty Regulatory Event or, in the case of Securities 
the payments or deliveries in respect of which is/are 
determined by reference to an Underlying, Section 871(m) 
Event or Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event 
occurs. 
Where the Securities are so redeeming early, each note shall be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount, being its pro rata share 
of the Realisation Amount (being the sale proceeds of the Charged 
Assets (if any) plus any amount payable to the Issuer on termination 
of the Charged Agreement (if any), taking into account any taxes, 
costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith) or, if any Early 
Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
lesser of such Early Redemption Amount and the Realisation 
Amount, provided that: 
(a) 
if the Securities are redeeming early due to the occurrence 
of an ATAD Event, the Notes shall instead be redeemed at 
their ATAD Early Redemption Amount (which amount 
shall be the same as the Early Redemption Amount 
described above but net an amount required to satisfy the 
taxes payable by the relevant Issuer in connection with 
ATAD); and 
(b) 
if the Securities are Korean Market Notes, the Early 
Redemption Amount for each Note shall (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) be an 
amount equal to its principal amount then outstanding 
(provided that any taxes, costs and expenses incurred in 
connection therewith may be satisfied first). 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Securities may also 
be redeemed early prior to their stated maturity date at the option of 
the relevant Issuer or at the option of the Securityholders, in each 
case at a price or prices and on such date or dates as are specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the applicable Issue 
Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early 
Redemption Event" and, following the occurrence of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Event, the Notes will be redeemed at their 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 39 ---
OVERVIEW 
13
 
These arrangements are set out under Section E.1 "General 
Conditions of the Securities" below, as supplemented by the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Disrupted Days, Market 
Disruption Events and 
Adjustments: 
In the case of Securities linked to one or more Underlying(s), the 
General Conditions and the Underlying Schedule(s) applicable to 
the relevant Underlying(s) contain provisions relating to events 
affecting the relevant Underlying(s), modification or cessation of 
the relevant Underlying(s), settlement disruption and market 
disruption provisions and provisions relating to subsequent 
corrections of the level of an Underlying (including, without 
limitation and where necessary, appropriate definitions of Disrupted 
Day, Market Disruption Event, Realisation Disruption Event, 
Adjustment Event, Early Redemption Event or equivalent 
provisions) and details of the consequences of such events. Such 
provisions may permit the relevant Issuer either to require the 
Calculation Agent to determine what adjustments should be made 
following the occurrence of the relevant event (which may include 
deferment of any required valuation or the substitution of another 
Underlying and/or in the case of an increased cost of hedging, 
adjustments to pass onto Securityholders such increased cost of 
hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such 
increased costs) and/or, in the case of Realisation Disruption, 
payment in the relevant local currency rather than in the relevant 
Specified Currency, deduction of or payment by Securityholders of 
amounts in respect of any applicable taxes, delay of payments or 
deliveries, determination of relevant exchange rates taking into 
consideration all available relevant information and/or (where 
legally permissible) physical delivery of any relevant Underlying(s) 
in lieu of cash settlement (or vice versa) and/or, in the case of mutual 
fund interests, adjustments to "monetise" the mutual fund interests 
affected by the relevant Adjustment Event and adjust amounts 
payable under the Securities to account for such monetisation) or to 
redeem the Securities early. 
Rating: 
The Programme is not rated, but it is expected that certain Securities 
may be rated by one or more rating agencies, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The ratings (if any) will vary depending 
upon, inter alia, the rating of the obligor(s) of the relevant Charged 
Assets (if any), the relevant Counterparty (if any) and the relevant 
Charged Agreements (if any). If the ratings of any such relevant 
entities and/or obligations change, then the ratings of a Series and/or 
Class of Securities secured by such Charged Assets and/or by such 
Charged Agreement with the relevant entity or, as the case may be, 
guaranteed by the relevant entity, may also change accordingly. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be reduced, withdrawn or qualified by the 
assigning rating agency at any time. Any actual or anticipated 
reduction, withdrawal or qualification of the rating, if any, assigned 
to the Securities or of the obligor(s) of the relevant Charged Assets 
(if any), the Counterparty (if any), and the relevant Charged 
Agreements (if any) may adversely affect the market price of the 
Securities. 
Substitution: 
Subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and in relation to each 
Series of Securities, the Trustee may without the consent of the 
Securityholders of such Series agree with the relevant Issuer and/or 
the relevant Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) to the substitution of the 
relevant Issuer and/or the relevant Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any)

--- Page 40 ---
OVERVIEW 
14
 
with any other company as the principal debtor or issuer credit 
enhancer, as the case may be. 
Governing Law: 
English law. Where the Issuer is Ensemble (acting in respect of one 
of its Compartments), the provisions set out in articles 470-1 to 470-
19 of Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended (the Companies Act 1915) shall not apply 
to the Securities. 
Passporting, Listing and 
Trading: 
Application will be made to for Securities to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin, but there can be no assurance that any 
such listing or admission to trading will occur on the issue date of 
any Securities or at all. 
Application will be made to for Securities to be admitted to the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, but there 
can be no assurance that any such listing or admission to trading will 
occur on the issue date of any Securities or at all. 
Application has been made for Securities to be admitted to trading 
on the Global Exchange Market and listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin, but there can be no assurance that any such listing 
or admission to trading will occur on the issue date of any Securities 
or at all. 
Application has been made for Securities to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF market and listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, but there 
can be no assurance that any such listing or admission to trading will 
occur on the issue date of any Securities or at all. 
Application has been made for Securities to be admitted to trading 
on the International Securities Market of the London Stock 
Exchange, but there can be no assurance that any such listing or 
admission to trading will occur on the issue date of any Securities 
or at all. 
Application has been made for Securities to be admitted to trading 
on the Vienna MTF market, but there can be no assurance that any 
such listing or admission to trading will occur on the issue date of 
any Securities or at all 
 
Securities may also be issued on the basis that:  
(a) 
they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority stock exchange, market and/or 
quotation system; or 
(b) 
they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as agreed by the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
The applicable Issue Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Securities are intended to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, by which competent authorities, stock exchange(s) and/or 
quotation systems.

--- Page 41 ---
OVERVIEW 
15
 
 
Each Tranche of Securities may only be offered to investors as part 
of a Non-exempt Offer in Austria, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, 
Finland, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, 
Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, 
Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and/or the Czech Republic, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions: 
There are selling and transfer restrictions in relation to the United 
States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, the Cayman Islands and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Securities.  
See Section H.9 "Subscription And Sale And Transfer And Selling 
Restrictions" below. 
Forced Transfer at Option 
of the relevant Issuer upon 
Void Transfer or Other 
Disposition: 
Any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions 
applicable to the Securities will be void ab initio and will not operate 
to transfer any rights to the transferee, notwithstanding instructions 
to the contrary from the relevant Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or any intermediary. 
The relevant Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial owner of 
the Securities who is not a Permitted Purchaser to:  
(a) 
sell its interest in the Securities to a Permitted Purchaser; 
or  
(b) 
transfer its interest in the Securities to the relevant Issuer, 
a Dealer or an affiliate of a Dealer at a purchase price equal 
to the least of (a) the purchase price paid therefor by the 
beneficial owner, (b) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
thereof and (c) the fair market value thereof. 
ERISA Restrictions: 
 
Each purchaser and each subsequent purchaser of Securities will be 
deemed to represent and warrant, with respect to each day it holds 
Securities or any beneficial interest therein, that no portion of the 
assets used to purchase or hold its Securities constitutes or will 
constitute the assets of an "employee benefit plan" (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)) that is subject to Title 
I of ERISA, a plan, individual retirement account or other 
arrangement that is subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or an employee 
benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules 
or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code. Any purported purchase of Securities in violation 
of the requirement described in the foregoing representation will be 
null and void ab initio and the relevant Issuer will have the right to 
require any person holding a legal or beneficial ownership interest 
in Securities in violation of such representation to:  
(a) 
sell such interest to a Permitted Purchaser; or  
(b) 
transfer such interest to the relevant Issuer, a Dealer or an 
affiliate of a Dealer, in each case at a price equal to the least 
of (a) the purchase price therefor paid by such non-
permitted person, (b) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
of such interest and (c) the fair market value of such 
interest.

--- Page 42 ---
OVERVIEW 
16
 
See Section H.7 "Erisa Restrictions" and Section H.9 "Subscription 
And Sale And Transfer And Selling Restrictions" below.

--- Page 43 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
17
 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION  
OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE CHARGED ASSETS  
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue Securities denominated or payable in 
any currency, subject as set out herein. The applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Securities and will 
be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities endorsed on, scheduled to, or incorporated by 
reference into, the Securities, as supplemented (and in the case of Exempt Securities, potentially 
modified) by Part A of the applicable Issue Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Securities. 
Unless and to the extent otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the obligations of the relevant 
Issuer in respect of each Series of Securities issued by it and/or under the relevant Charged Agreement 
will be secured in favour of the Trustee:  
(a) 
save to the extent effective security is otherwise taken over such assets pursuant to any relevant 
Charging Document, in the Trust Deed by the first ranking assignments described in General 
Condition 5 (Security) over:  
(i) 
certain bonds, notes, securities, commodities, other assets or contractual or other rights 
specified as Charged Assets in the applicable Issue Terms, including all rights in respect 
thereof or relating thereto and all assets received or receivable (if any) thereunder, 
whether or not against third parties (the Charged Assets, which term shall include, 
unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, cash and/or securities from 
time to time transferred to the relevant Issuer from the relevant Counterparty pursuant to 
the Credit Support Annex (as defined below) and securities from time to time transferred 
to the relevant Issuer from the relevant SL Counterparty pursuant to the SL Agreement 
(as the case may be) (the Counterparty Collateral)), provided that, where any Charged 
Assets are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be "ISDA Issuer Collateral" (the 
ISDA Issuer Collateral) and such assets (or part thereof) are from time to time transferred 
to the Counterparty from the relevant Issuer pursuant to a Credit Support Annex (as 
defined below) then (x) such Charged Assets (or the relevant part thereof) shall be 
released from such security interests and (y) unless and until any of such assets are 
transferred from the Counterparty to the relevant Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support 
Annex shall no longer be Charged Assets; and  
(ii) 
any guarantee, letter of credit or other similar arrangement (each a Credit Support 
Document) given by the Credit Support Provider (the Credit Support Provider) in favour 
of the relevant Issuer in respect of any Charged Assets, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and/or  
(b) 
(if and to the extent specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in the Charging Document (the 
Charging Document) specified in the applicable Issue Terms by security interests governed by 
the law(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms over:  
(i) 
the Charged Assets; and/or  
(ii) 
the Credit Support Document(s); and/or  
(iii) 
all the relevant Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future in, to and under any 
of its bank accounts in respect of the Securities and the debts represented thereby.  
The Charged Assets (other than Charged Assets comprising Counterparty Collateral) may be substituted 
by alternative assets in the circumstances described in General Condition 5(b)(ii) (Charged Asset 
Substitution). 
Unless and to the extent otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms and save to the extent effective 
security is otherwise taken over such assets pursuant to any relevant Charging Document, the obligations 
of the relevant Issuer in respect of each Series of Securities will also be secured in favour of the Trustee 
by:  
(a) 
an assignment by way of a first ranking assignment of all of the relevant Issuer's rights, title and 
interest present and future in, to and under the Agency Agreement, the Custodial Services

--- Page 44 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
18
 
Agreement and any Collateral Services Agreement (including, without limitation, the rights, 
title and interest of the relevant Issuer in respect of all moneys and assets held from time to time 
by the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Custodian and/or the 
Redemption Agent for payment and/or delivery in respect of principal or interest (if any) and/or 
delivery of all assets deliverable in respect of the Securities or otherwise in relation to the 
Securities);  
(b) 
an assignment by way of a first ranking assignment (or such other security as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) over the relevant Issuer's rights, title and interest present and 
future in, to and under specified interest rate and/or currency and/or other exchange agreements 
and/or repurchase, reverse repurchase or securities lending agreements and/or other derivative, 
lending or hedging agreements (each a Charged Agreement);  
(c) 
an assignment by way of a first ranking assignment of all of the relevant Issuer's rights, title and 
interest present and future in, to and under any of its bank accounts in respect of the Securities 
of such Series and the debts represented thereby; and  
(d) 
such other security interest as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In addition, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities), the 
obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Securities and the Trust Deed may be supported by means of 
a guarantee, insurance policy or other form of credit enhancement (a Securities Guarantee) provided 
by a third party (the Issuer Credit Enhancer). Unless and to the extent otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the claims of the counterparty to any Charged Agreement (each a Counterparty 
(such term to include any successors and assigns)) will also be secured by the relevant Charged Assets 
and, if applicable, the relevant Credit Support Document(s). The ranking of the relative claims of, inter 
alios, the Securityholders and the Counterparty over the Charged Assets and, if applicable, the relevant 
Credit Support Documents will be in accordance with the security ranking basis (the Security Ranking 
Basis) prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities as specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and, following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the provisions of 
General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Issuer's obligations in 
respect of more than one Class within one Series of Securities may be secured on the same security on 
the terms set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
The secured creditors of all Securities issued by each Issuer will also be secured under the Trust Deed 
by the Floating Charge governed by English law over the whole of the assets and undertaking(s) of such 
Issuer both present and future (subject to the charges and assignments described above, which shall rank 
prior to the Floating Charge in relation to the assets subject to such charges and assignments). The 
Floating Charge will become enforceable upon formal notice being given of an intention to appoint an 
administrator in relation to the relevant Issuer or an application being made to, or a petition being lodged 
or a document being filed with, the court for administration in relation to the relevant Issuer, all as further 
described in the Trust Deed.  
Upon the establishment of the Programme, Citicorp Trustee Company Limited was appointed as the 
trustee under the original Master Trust Deed dated 26 June 2012. As such, the Floating Charge created 
therein is held, and will continue to be held, by Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the Floating Charge 
Holder). In the event that the relevant Trustee in respect of the Series or Class of Securities issued under 
this Base Prospectus wishes, in its discretion, to enforce the Floating Charge, it must direct in writing the 
Floating Charge Holder to proceed with enforcement of the Floating Charge and to apply the proceeds 
thereof in accordance with Clause 10.1 of the Master Trust Deed.  
The Mortgaged Property in respect of any Securities shall have characteristics whereby it shall 
demonstrate a capacity to produce funds and/or assets to service the relevant Issuer's obligation to make 
payments and/or deliver any Entitlement (in respect of Physical Settlement Securities) in respect of the 
Securities and the related Charged Agreements (if any).  
(A) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical Settlement 
Securities to be made by the relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities issued by it and the 
related Swap Agreement or SL Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the 
extent of the assets received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the relevant

--- Page 45 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
19
 
Issuer or the Trustee in respect of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and, if applicable, the 
relevant Credit Support Document(s) and (ii) in the case of the Securities, the other 
Mortgaged Property (as defined in General Condition 5(a) (Security)) (applied, (a) prior 
to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the order of priorities 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security for the 
Securities, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of 
proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms). 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of the Securities 
and such Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the difference being referred 
to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by such holders and by such 
Counterparty (if any) (i) prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in 
accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (ii) following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the 
inverse of the order of priorities set out in the provisions of General Condition 5(e) 
(Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, and each 
Counterparty (if any) will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(i) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely to the 
assets referred to in paragraph (A) above, as applied in accordance with 
paragraphs (A) and (B) above, (the Relevant Sums) for payments and/or deliveries 
to be made by the relevant Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities and the 
Charged Agreements (if any); 
(ii) 
the obligations of the relevant Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in respect 
of the Securities and the Charged Agreements (if any) will be limited to the Relevant 
Sums and the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall have no 
further recourse to the relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities or the Charged 
Agreements (if any), respectively; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of Korean Market 
Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) to 
claim assets of any amount exceeding the Relevant Sums shall be automatically 
extinguished; and 
(iv) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able to 
petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of the relevant Issuer as a 
consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the relevant Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an Event of 
Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) or entitle the Counterparty (if any) or the 
Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the remainder of the Charged Agreements or the 
Credit Support Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the relevant Issuer, any 
Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any Securityholder for 
payment and/or delivery of any assets by the relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
The Securities of any Series are constituted by, and in accordance with, the Trust Deed (which constitutes 
the Master Trust Deed and the Supplemental Trust Deed). 
The Securities of any Series have the benefit of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 46 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
20
 
If the Securities of any Series are secured by security interests over Charged Assets, the Securities will 
have the benefit of the Custodial Services Agreement and, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Collateral Services Agreement. 
Standard issue structure and cash flows in respect of Securities 
The following sets out examples of issue structures and cash flows in respect of certain types of Securities 
issued under the Programme. In the case of Exempt Securities, in the event that the issue structure and/or 
cash flows for a particular issue are different to those set out below, the issue structure and/or cash flows 
for such Securities shall be as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Where there is a Charged Agreement which is a Swap Agreement but no Charged Assets 
On the issue date, investors purchase the Securities and pay the purchase price of the Securities 
to the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer enters into a Swap Agreement with the specified Swap 
Counterparty to hedge payments under the Securities, under which the relevant Issuer pays the 
proceeds of the purchase price of the Securities to the Swap Counterparty on the issue date of 
the Securities and the Swap Counterparty pays to the relevant Issuer all amounts due in respect 
of the Securities, including the aggregate final Redemption Amounts payable under the 
Securities (but excluding any early redemption amount). The relevant Issuer pays all amounts 
due, including the final Redemption Amounts, to investors pursuant to the terms of the 
Securities.  
(b) 
Where there is a Charged Agreement which is a Swap Agreement and Charged Assets which 
are Counterparty Collateral posted under a Credit Support Annex 
On the issue date, investors purchase the Securities and pay the purchase price of the Securities 
to the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer enters into a Swap Agreement with the specified Swap 
Counterparty to hedge payments under the Securities, under which the relevant Issuer pays the 
proceeds of the purchase price of the Securities to the Swap Counterparty on the issue date of 
the Securities and the Swap Counterparty pays to the relevant Issuer all amounts due in respect 
of the Securities, including the aggregate final Redemption Amounts payable under the 
Securities (but excluding any early redemption amount). The relevant Issuer pays all amounts 
due, including the final Redemption Amounts, to investors pursuant to the terms of the 
Securities. The Swap Counterparty's obligations under the Swap Agreement may from time to 
time be collateralised by the Swap Counterparty transferring Counterparty Collateral to the 
relevant Issuer under the terms of a Credit Support Annex (as described under "The Charged 
Agreement" below). Under the terms of the Credit Support Annex and depending on the 
exposure of the relevant Issuer to the Swap Counterparty as determined from time to time, the 
relevant Issuer may from time to time be required to transfer some or all of any Counterparty 
Collateral that has been transferred to it back to the Swap Counterparty, including upon 
termination of the Swap Agreement. 
(c) 
Where there is a Charged Agreement which is a Swap Agreement and specified Charged Assets 
On the issue date, investors purchase the Securities and pay the purchase price of the Securities 
to the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer enters into a Swap Agreement with the specified Swap 
Counterparty to hedge payments under the Securities. The relevant Issuer may receive an initial 
amount from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. The relevant Issuer purchases 
the Charged Assets from the Dealer using the proceeds of the purchase price of the Securities 
and any initial amount received from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. During 
the term of the Swap Agreement, the relevant Issuer pays all amounts received under the 
Charged Assets to the Swap Counterparty and receives from the Swap Counterparty the amount 
of any interest payments due pursuant to the terms of the Securities. The relevant Issuer pays 
any such interest amounts to investors under the Securities. Upon scheduled termination of the 
Swap Agreement, as specified therein, either: 
(i) 
if so specified in the applicable Swap Agreement, the Charged Assets (or, if so specified, 
the final redemption amounts in respect thereof) are transferred to the Swap 
Counterparty, and the relevant Issuer receives from the Swap Counterparty an amount 
equal to the aggregate final Redemption Amounts payable under the Securities; or

--- Page 47 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
21
 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer receives the final redemption amount of the Charged Assets.  
The relevant Issuer then applies such amounts to pay all amounts due, including the final 
Redemption Amounts, to investors pursuant to the terms of the Securities. 
(d) 
Where there is a Charged Agreement which is a Swap Agreement, specified Charged Assets 
which may also be ISDA Issuer Collateral and Charged Assets which are Counterparty 
Collateral posted under a Credit Support Annex  
On the issue date, investors purchase the Securities and pay the purchase price of the Securities 
to the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer enters into a Swap Agreement with the specified Swap 
Counterparty to hedge payments under the Securities. The relevant Issuer may receive an initial 
amount from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. The relevant Issuer purchases 
the Charged Assets from the Dealer using the proceeds of the purchase price of the Securities 
and any initial amount received from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. During 
the term of the Swap Agreement, the relevant Issuer pays all amounts received under the 
Charged Assets to the Swap Counterparty and receives from the Swap Counterparty the amount 
of any interest payments due pursuant to the terms of the Securities. The relevant Issuer pays 
any such interest amounts to investors under the Securities. Upon scheduled termination of the 
Swap Agreement, as specified therein, either:  
(i) 
if so specified in the applicable Swap Agreement, the Charged Assets (or, if so specified, 
the final redemption amounts in respect thereof) are returned to the Swap Counterparty, 
and the relevant Issuer receives from the Swap Counterparty an amount equal to the 
aggregate final Redemption Amounts payable under the Securities; or  
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer receives the final redemption amount of the Charged Assets.  
The relevant Issuer then applies such amounts to pay all amounts due, including the final 
Redemption Amounts, to investors pursuant to the terms of the Securities. The Swap 
Counterparty's obligations under the Swap Agreement may from time to time be collateralised 
by the Swap Counterparty transferring Counterparty Collateral to the relevant Issuer under the 
terms of a Credit Support Annex and the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Swap Agreement 
may from time to time be collateralised by the relevant Issuer transferring Charged Assets which 
may comprise ISDA Issuer Collateral to the Swap Counterparty under the terms of a Credit 
Support Annex (in each case as described under "The Charged Agreement" below). Under the 
terms of the Credit Support Annex and depending on the exposure of a party to the other party 
as determined from time to time, each party may from time to time be required to transfer some 
or all of any Counterparty Collateral or, as the case may be, ISDA Issuer Collateral, to the other 
party, including upon termination of the Swap Agreement. 
(e) 
Where there is a Charged Agreement which is an SL Agreement and Charged Assets which are 
Counterparty Collateral posted under the SL Agreement 
On the issue date, investors purchase the Securities and pay the purchase price of the Securities 
to the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer enters into an SL Agreement with the specified SL 
Counterparty. Under the SL Agreement the SL Counterparty lends securities comprising 
Counterparty Collateral to the relevant Issuer and the relevant Issuer transfers the issue proceeds 
of the Securities to the SL Counterparty as collateral.  
During the term of the SL Agreement, the SL Counterparty will pay interest on the collateral 
received to the relevant Issuer. 
Upon scheduled termination of the SL Agreement, as specified therein, the relevant Issuer 
transfers to the SL Counterparty securities equivalent to the securities lent and the SL 
Counterparty returns the initial amount received from the relevant Issuer plus any accrued 
interest. 
The relevant Issuer will apply amounts received from the SL Counterparty to pay all amounts 
due, including any Interest Amounts or final Redemption Amounts, to investors pursuant to the 
terms of the Securities.

--- Page 48 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
22
 
(f) 
Where there is a Charged Agreement which is an SL Agreement, Charged Assets which are 
Counterparty Collateral posted under the SL Agreement and a Charged Agreement that is a 
Swap Agreement 
On the issue date, investors purchase the Securities and pay the purchase price of the Securities 
to the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer enters into an SL Agreement with the specified SL 
Counterparty. Under the SL Agreement the SL Counterparty lends securities comprising 
Counterparty Collateral to the relevant Issuer and the relevant Issuer transfers the issue proceeds 
of the Securities to the SL Counterparty as collateral.  
During the term of the SL Agreement, the SL Counterparty will pay interest on the collateral 
received to the relevant Issuer. 
The relevant Issuer also enters into a Swap Agreement with the specified Swap Counterparty, 
under which the relevant Issuer pays amounts received under the SL Agreement to the Swap 
Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty pays to the relevant Issuer amounts due in respect of 
the Securities. 
The relevant Issuer pays all amounts due, including any Interest Amounts or final Redemption 
Amounts, to investors pursuant to the terms of the Securities.

--- Page 49 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
23
 
STANDARD TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM  
The below is an overview of the structure of a standard transaction structure. As described above, the relevant Issuer may issue Securities with a different transaction structure. 
Prospective Securityholders should also review the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and the specific Issue Terms for a description of the 
transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making any investment decision.

--- Page 50 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
24
 
Swap Agreement  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trustee 
Custodian 
Benefit 
of Issuer 
security
1 Investors proceeds from Securities issuance
Registrar/Transfer Agent 
Principal Paying Agent 
8 Redemption Amount at maturity
5 Interim interest payments 
1 
Investors purchase Securities 
2 
Issuer enters into a swap with Counterparty to hedge Securities pay out 
3 
Counterparty will pay the purchase price of the Charged Assets to Issuer and in 
return receives the proceeds from the Securities issuance 
4 
Issuer pays scheduled interest payments under the Charged Assets to Counterparty 
and in return receives the Securities interest payments 
5 
Issuer pays scheduled interest payments to Securityholders 
6 
Collateral is posted and returned under a credit support annex (CSA) 
7 
At maturity, Issuer pays redemption proceeds of Charged Assets to Counterparty 
and Counterparty pays final Redemption Amount under the Securities to Issuer 
8
Issuer pays final Redemption Amount to Securityholders
6 
Posting and 
returning of 
collateral 
4 
Interest 
proceeds of 
Charged 
Assets
7 
Redemption 
proceeds of 
Charged 
Assets
3 
Charged 
Assets 
Purchase 
Price
3 
Proceeds 
from 
Securities 
issuance
4 
Securities 
interest 
payments
7 
Securities 
final 
Redemption 
Amount
Swap Agreement(s)  
2 
Principal flows at Issue Date
Principal flows at maturity 
Securities 
Charged Assets (if any) (held by the 
Custodian)
Counterparty 
Investors 
Issuer 
Corporate Service 
Provider 
Calculation 
Agent/Determination Agent 
Interim flows 
 
Collateral flows under CSA

--- Page 51 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
25
 
SL Agreement  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trustee(s) 
Custodian 
Benefit 
of Issuer 
security
1 Investors proceeds from Securities issuance
Registrar/Transfer Agent 
Principal Paying Agent 
7 Redemption Amount at maturity
5 Interim interest payments 
1 
Investors purchase Securities 
2 
Issuer enters into SL Agreement with the SL Counterparty to hedge payments under 
the Securities 
3 
Under the SL Agreement, the SL Counterparty lends securities to the Issuer and the 
Issuer transfers the issue proceeds of the Securities to the SL Counterparty as 
collateral  
4 
SL Counterparty will pay interest on the collateral received to the Issuer 
5 
Issuer pays scheduled interest payments to Securityholders  
6 
At maturity, the Issuer transfers to the SL Counterparty assets or securities equivalent 
to the securities lent and the SL Counterparty returns the initial amount received 
from the Issuer plus any accrued interest 
7
Issuer pays Final Redemption Amount and any Interest Amount to Securityholders
6 
Return of 
collateral plus 
any accrued 
interest 
4 
Interest 
proceeds of 
collateral 
3 
Lends securities
3 
Proceeds from 
Securities 
issuance 
(collateral) 
2 
Securities 
Investors 
Issuer 
Corporate Service 
Provider 
Calculation 
Agent/Determination Agent 
SL Counterparty 
Principal flows at maturity 
Principal flows at Issue Date
Interim flows
Collateral flows
6 
Transfer of 
securities 
SL Agreement(s)

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
26
 
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Securities, you assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Securities. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to satisfy their obligations in 
respect of the Securities. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are 
most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which 
they currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events 
outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors 
which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under, or 
to deliver assets on or in connection with, the Securities.  
Each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Securities and, as a 
result, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus are also described below. 
You must read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and reach your own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Risks relating to the Issuers 
26 
Risks relating to Ensemble 
29 
Risks relating to Concerto 
32 
Risks relating to the Securities 
34 
Risks relating to Securities linked to Underlying(s) 
55 
Risks associated with Securities linked to rates and Benchmark Reform 
79 
Risks associated with certain types of Securities and certain product features 
86 
Risks specific to Credit Linked Notes 
90 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS   
Limited recourse   
Limitation on recourse in event of a shortfall 
(A) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical Settlement Securities 
to be made by the relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities of each Series issued by it and the 
related Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the assets 
received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or the Trustee in 
respect of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and the relevant Credit Support Document(s) and (ii) 
in the case of the Securities of each Series, the other Mortgaged Property (as defined in General 
Condition 5(a) (Security)) (applied, (a) prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in 
accordance with the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the provisions of General 
Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of the Securities and 
such Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the difference being referred to herein 
as a shortfall), such shortfall will be borne by such holders and by such Counterparty (if any) 
(i) prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the 
order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) following enforcement of the

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
27
 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order set forth in the provisions 
of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the Security Ranking Basis (if 
applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities and each 
Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(i) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely to the assets 
referred to in paragraph (A) above, as applied in accordance with paragraphs (A) and (B) 
above, (the Relevant Sums) for payments and/or deliveries to be made by the relevant 
Issuer in respect of the Securities and the Charged Agreements (if any); 
(ii) 
the obligations of the relevant Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in respect of 
the Securities issued by it and the Charged Agreements (if any) will be limited to the 
Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall have 
no further recourse to the relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities and the Charged 
Agreements (if any), respectively; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, any 
right of the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) to claim assets of any 
amount exceeding the Relevant Sums shall be automatically extinguished; and 
(iv) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able to petition for 
the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of the relevant Issuer as a consequence of any 
such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an Event of Default 
under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) nor entitle the Counterparty (if any) or the Credit Support 
Provider (if any) to terminate the remainder of the Charged Agreement(s) or the Credit Support 
Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the relevant Issuer, any 
Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any Securityholder for payment 
and/or delivery of any assets by the relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Securities are not, and do not represent or convey any interest in a direct or 
indirect obligation of the obligors of any Charged Assets, nor do they confer on the Securityholder any 
right (whether in respect of voting, dividend or other distributions in respect of the Charged Assets) 
which the holder of any of the Charged Assets may have. Neither Issuer is an agent of any Securityholder 
for any purpose. 
Investors should note that where any Charged Assets are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
ISDA Issuer Collateral then such assets (or part thereof) may from time to time be transferred from the 
Counterparty under the terms of the relevant Credit Support Annex. If and for so long as Charged Assets 
are so transferred, then those assets shall not be included in the Charged Assets securing the relevant 
Series of Securities unless and until they are transferred back by the relevant Counterparty to the relevant 
Issuer pursuant to the terms of the relevant Credit Support Annex. 
Limited recourse and shortfall on enforcement and realisation of Mortgaged Property 
The right of Securityholders of any Series (issued in respect of and allocated to the relevant Compartment 
where the Issuer is Ensemble acting in respect of one of its Compartments) to participate in the assets of 
the relevant Issuer is limited to the Mortgaged Property relating to such Series. If such Mortgaged 
Property and the proceeds of enforcement and realisation thereof, as applicable, are not sufficient to make 
all payments and deliveries, as applicable, due in respect of the Securities of that Series, then the 
obligations of the relevant Issuer in respect of such Securities will be limited to the Mortgaged Property 
in respect of that Series (being the Mortgaged Property allocated to the relevant Compartment where the 
Issuer is Ensemble acting in respect of one of its Compartments), as specified in the articles of association 
of the relevant Issuer, the Terms and Conditions for such Securities and the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
28
 
Following application of the relevant Mortgaged Property and the proceeds of enforcement and 
realisation thereof, as applicable, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the relevant 
Securityholders and all other relevant parties whose rights have arisen in connection with the relevant 
Series of Securities (the Series Parties) (and any person acting on behalf of any of them) may not take 
any further action to recover any shortfall. Provided that such parties have agreed to a non-petition clause, 
none of them should be able to petition for the winding-up, the liquidation or the bankruptcy of the 
relevant Issuer or any other similar insolvency related proceedings. Any shortfall shall therefore be borne 
by the Securityholders and the Series Parties according to the priorities specified in the Conditions 
relating to the relevant Series of Securities. 
In respect of all Securities other than Korean Market Notes, the claims of the relevant Securityholders 
and the Series Parties (and any person acting on behalf of any of them) for any shortfall in respect of the 
relevant Series of Securities shall be extinguished and the relevant Issuer will not be obliged to make any 
further payment or delivery, as applicable, in respect of such Series of Securities. Failure to make any 
payment or delivery, as applicable, in respect of any such shortfall shall in no circumstances constitute 
an event of default under the Terms and Conditions.  
Where "Korean Market Notes" is expressed to be applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement for a 
Series of Securities, the claims of the relevant Securityholders and the Series Parties (and any person 
acting on behalf of any of them) for any shortfall in respect of such Korean Market Notes shall not, in 
such circumstances, be extinguished. However, the Conditions relating to Korean Market Notes will 
provide that (a) the amount available for payment of the claims of the relevant Securityholders and the 
Series Parties (and any person acting on behalf of any of them) will be limited to the value of the 
Mortgaged Property relating to such Korean Market Notes and (b) such Securityholders and Series 
Parties (and any person acting on behalf of any of them) will be precluded from taking any further action 
to recover any such shortfall. In practice, therefore, any such shortfall will, due to the limited recourse 
nature of the Korean Market Notes, ultimately be borne by the Securityholders and the Series Parties 
according to the priorities specified in the Conditions relating to the relevant Series of Securities.  
In light thereof, each Securityholder, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, will be deemed to 
accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware of its rights in respect of any shortfall as described above. 
The Securities of each Series are secured, limited recourse obligations of the relevant Issuer alone and 
not of the officers, members, directors, employees, Securityholders or incorporator of the relevant Issuer, 
the Series Parties or any obligor(s) in respect of the Charged Assets or any of their respective successors 
or assigns. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, any Dealer(s). 
Consequences of Winding-up Proceedings 
Each Issuer is structured to be an insolvency-remote vehicle and will seek to contract only with parties 
who agree not to make any application for the commencement of bankruptcy, liquidation, winding-up or 
similar proceedings against it. Legal proceedings initiated against the relevant Issuer in breach of these 
provisions shall, in principle, be declared inadmissible by a Luxembourg court (if the Issuer is Ensemble 
acting in respect of one of its Compartments). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant Issuer fails for any reason to meet its obligations or 
liabilities (that is, if the relevant Issuer is unable to pay its debts and may obtain no further credit), a 
creditor who has not (and cannot be deemed to have) accepted non-petition and limited recourse 
provisions in respect of the relevant Issuer may be entitled to make an application for the commencement 
of insolvency proceedings against such Issuer. In that case, such creditor should in principle not have 
recourse to the assets comprising the Mortgaged Property for any Series of Securities (including, in the 
case of Ensemble acting in respect of one of its Compartments, the assets allocated to any Compartment) 
but would instead have to exercise its rights over the general assets of the relevant Issuer, unless its rights 
arise in connection with a particular Series of Securities in which case such creditor would also have 
recourse to the assets allocated to that Series of Securities (which, in the case of Ensemble acting in 
respect of one of its Compartments, would be the assets allocated to the relevant Compartment). Such 
creditor would not, however, have recourse to the assets allocated to any other Series of Securities 
(which, in the case of Ensemble acting in respect of one of its Compartments, would be the assets 
allocated to any other Compartment). Furthermore, the commencement of such proceedings may in 
certain conditions, entitle creditors (including the Counterparties) to terminate contracts with the relevant

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
29
 
Issuer (including Charged Agreements) and claim damages for any loss arising from such early 
termination.  
Each Issuer is insolvency-remote, not insolvency-proof. 
The commencement of such proceedings may result in an Issuer's assets (including the Mortgaged 
Property of all Series of Securities issued by such Issuer) being realised and applied to pay the fees and 
costs of the liquidator, debts preferred by law and debts payable in insolvency, before any surplus or 
assets are distributed to the relevant Securityholders. In the event of proceedings being commenced, the 
Issuer for a Series of Securities may not be able to pay (or deliver) the full amount due on redemption 
for such Series of Securities or to pay the full amount of any interest or any other or alternative amounts 
anticipated by the Conditions in respect of such Series of Securities.  
RISKS RELATING TO ENSEMBLE 
Securitisation Act 2004 and Compartments 
Ensemble is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and has the status of an authorised 
securitisation undertaking (organisme de titrisation agréé) within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 
2004 and is supervised by the CSSF.  
The rights of creditors against the relevant Issuer (being Ensemble acting in respect of one of its 
Compartments which has been allocated exclusively to the relevant Series of Securities) whose claims 
have arisen in relation to the relevant Compartment are, as a general rule, strictly limited to the net assets 
of such Compartment without any recourse to the assets of any other Compartment of Ensemble or any 
other assets of Ensemble. 
For further information, see the section titled "Description of Ensemble Investment Corporation SA". 
Further, pursuant to the Securitisation Act 2004, the proceeds of a Compartment are, as a general rule, 
available only for distribution to creditors whose claims have arisen in connection with the creation, the 
operation or the liquidation of that specific Compartment or have been properly allocated thereto. A 
creditor of Ensemble may have claims against Ensemble in respect of liabilities or obligations which 
arise in connection with more than one Compartment, in which case the claims in respect of each 
individual Compartment will be limited to the assets of such Compartment only. 
The board of directors of Ensemble (the Ensemble Board) may establish one or more Compartments 
each of which is a separate and distinct part of Ensemble's estate (patrimoine) and which may be 
distinguished by the nature of acquired risks or assets, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as 
completed (and/or in the case of Exempt Securities, modified, supplemented and/or replaced), as 
applicable, by the applicable Issue Terms, the reference currency or other distinguishing characteristics. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities issued in respect of, and the specific objects of, each 
Compartment shall be determined by the Ensemble Board. Each Securityholder shall be deemed to fully 
adhere to, and be bound by, the Conditions applicable to the relevant Securities and the articles of 
association of Ensemble (the Ensemble Articles). Pursuant to the Securitisation Act 2004, any 
subordination, limited recourse and non-petition provisions included in the Conditions of a Series of 
Securities are also binding on Ensemble and are valid as against third parties in the event of the 
liquidation of one or more Compartments, of bankruptcy proceedings in respect of Ensemble or more 
generally in determining the competing rights for payment of creditors, except that they are not binding 
on any creditors of Ensemble who have not expressly agreed to be bound by such Conditions. 
Subject to any particular rights or limitations for the time being attached to any Securities issued by 
Ensemble acting in respect of one of its Compartments, as may be specified in the Ensemble Articles or 
upon which such Securities may be issued including, without limitation, the Terms and Conditions and 
the applicable Issue Terms, if the net assets of a Compartment are liquidated and, as applicable, 
distributed, those assets and the proceeds thereof, as applicable, shall be applied in the order set out in 
the Conditions for such Series of Securities. 
The rights of holders of Securities issued by Ensemble acting in respect of a Compartment and the rights 
of creditors relating to such Securities are, in principle, limited to the assets of that Compartment, where 
these rights relate to that Compartment or have arisen as a result of the constitution, operation or

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
30
 
liquidation of that Compartment. The assets of a Compartment are, in principle, exclusively available to 
satisfy the rights of holders of Securities issued in relation to that Compartment and the rights of creditors 
whose claims have arisen as a result of the constitution, the operation or the liquidation of that 
Compartment. 
Fees, expenses and other liabilities incurred on behalf of Ensemble but which do not relate specifically 
to any Compartment, may, under certain circumstances, be payable out of the assets allocated to 
Compartments in accordance with the Ensemble Articles. The Ensemble Board shall ensure, to the extent 
possible (although there is no guarantee that the Ensemble Board will be able to achieve this), that 
creditors of such liabilities expressly waive recourse to the assets of any Compartment. 
The Ensemble Board shall establish and maintain separate accounting records for each of the 
Compartments of Ensemble in order to ascertain the rights of holders of Securities in respect of each 
Compartment. Such accounting records will be conclusive evidence of such rights in the absence of 
manifest error. The fees, costs and expenses in relation to the Securities of each Series allocated to a 
Compartment of Ensemble are allocated to the relevant Compartment in accordance with the Conditions 
for such Series of Securities. Securityholders of a Series will have recourse only to the Mortgaged 
Property relating to the relevant Series. The rights of all holders of a Series will be restricted to the 
Mortgaged Property for such Series. 
Where Securities of a Series have been issued by Ensemble acting in respect of one of its Compartments, 
to give effect to the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 under which the Mortgaged Property of a 
Compartment is available only for the specified Securityholders and the relevant Series Parties relating 
to that Series, the relevant Issuer will seek to contract with parties on a "limited recourse" basis such that 
claims against such Issuer in relation to the relevant Series would be restricted to the Mortgaged Property 
of the Compartment for that Series. Nonetheless, the Securityholders of a Series may be exposed to 
competing claims of other creditors of Ensemble which have not arisen in connection with such Series 
(being claims that have not arisen in connection with the creation, operation or liquidation of the relevant 
Compartment) if foreign courts which have jurisdiction over the assets allocated to such Compartment 
do not recognise the segregation of assets and the compartmentalisation as provided for in the 
Securitisation Act 2004. The claims of these other creditors may therefore affect the scope of assets 
which are available for the satisfaction of claims of the Securityholders and any relevant Series Parties 
relating to such Series. If as a result of such claims, a shortfall arises, such shortfall will be borne by such 
Securityholders and Series Parties. 
Save for the registration with the Luxembourg Business Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés 
à Luxembourg) and the CSSF's approval, Ensemble is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised 
under any current securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation. There is no assurance, however, that in the future such regulatory authorities would not 
take a contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws or regulations to Ensemble. There is 
also no assurance that the regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions would not require Ensemble to be 
licensed or authorised under any securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of 
those jurisdictions. Any requirement to be licensed or authorised could have an adverse effect on 
Ensemble and could give rise to circumstances that could result in the early redemption of the Securities, 
which may prove to be adverse to the holders of the Securities. 
Enforcement of legal liabilities 
Ensemble is incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. All of the directors of 
Ensemble named herein reside, and all or a significant portion of the assets of such persons are, and 
substantially all of the assets of Ensemble are, located outside the United States. It may not be possible 
to enforce, in the courts of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, liabilities based solely on U.S. federal 
securities laws. 
Impact of anti-tax avoidance directive on Luxembourg securitisation companies 
The Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance practices 
that directly affect the functioning of the internal market dated 12 July 2016 was transposed into 
Luxembourg domestic law by the law of 21 December 2018 (ATAD I) and entered into force on 1 
January 2019. ATAD I has been amended by the Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017, 
which has been implemented under Luxembourg Law on 20 December 2019 (ATAD II, and together

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
31
 
with ATAD I, ATAD) and entered into force on 1 January 2020, except for the reverse hybrid mismatch 
rule, which entered into force on 1 January 2022. 
ATAD introduces a new framework that may limit the deduction of interest and other deductible 
payments and changes for Luxembourg companies subject to corporate income tax (such as Ensemble). 
ATAD may result in corporate income tax being effectively imposed on and due by Ensemble (whether 
or not acting in respect of one of its Compartments, as Issuer) to the extent that Ensemble derives income 
other than interest income or income equivalent to interest from its underlying assets and transactions or, 
as the case may be, if Securities issued by Ensemble qualify for tax purposes as hybrid financial 
instruments. If this is the case, such Securities may be redeemed early, and the amount payable to 
Securityholders upon such early redemption will be reduced by an amount necessary for the relevant 
Issuer (being Ensemble acting in respect of the relevant Compartment) to cover its (actual or future 
estimated) tax liability in connection with such Securities (provided that where such tax liability is less 
than the amount deducted from what would otherwise have been payable upon early redemption, 
Securityholders shall share in the surplus amount). However, Securityholders should be aware that there 
may be a delay in the payment of such surplus amount. 
Impact of BEPS 2.0 on Luxembourg securitisation companies 
To further combat abusive global tax avoidance, the OECD and the G20 have found via the OECD/G20 
Inclusive Framework (the Inclusive Framework) a global consensus solution to reform the international 
corporate tax system via a two-pillar plan agreed in 2021 (BEPS 2.0). 
Pillar I (the Pillar I) seeks to establish a taxing right reallocation mechanism, known as Amount A, to 
redistribute taxing rights over a portion of the residual profits of large multinational enterprises (MNEs) 
to market jurisdictions, where goods or services are sold or consumers are located. In October 2023, the 
Multilateral Convention to Implement Amount A of Pillar I (MLC) was unveiled to coordinate this 
redistribution of taxing rights, though the MLC has not yet been open for signature. Additionally, Pillar 
I includes Amount B, which aims to standardize the compensation of related party distributors engaged 
in basic marketing and distribution activities, adhering to the arm's length principle. The Inclusive 
Framework will finalize and release a report on Amount B, which will be integrated into the OECD 
Transfer Pricing guidelines. The specifics of this initiative, and its potential impact on the returns of the 
Issuer and the holders of Securities remain subject to considerable uncertainty. 
In response to the OECD Pillar Two initiative (the Pillar II), Luxembourg enacted the law of 22 
December 2023 on global minimum taxation rules (the Pillar II Law), as amended from time to time, 
which applies to tax years starting from 31 December 2023, except for the provisions on UTPR (as 
defined below) which applies from the 2025 tax year onwards.  
Under the Pillar II Law, Luxembourg constituent entities (or joint ventures within the meaning of the 
Pillar II Law) that are members of an MNE group or a large-scale domestic group which had an annual 
revenue equal to or above EUR 750,000,000, including the revenue of excluded entities, in its ultimate 
parent entity’s (UPE) consolidated financial statements for at least two of the four fiscal years 
immediately preceding the tested fiscal year (a Pillar II Group) may be subject to a top-up tax whenever 
their effective tax rate falls below the minimum rate of 15% (Low-taxed Constituted Entities). The top-
up tax will take the form of an income inclusion rule (IIR) and an undertaxed profit rule (UTPR).  
Luxembourg has also chosen to implement a qualified domestic minimum top-up tax, whereby a 
domestic top-up tax will be applied with priority over the IIR and the UTPR to all low-taxed constituent 
entities located in Luxembourg. Specific rules apply in relation to entities qualifying as securitisation 
vehicles under the Pillar II Law. 
Additionally, and subject to penalties, Luxembourg constituent entities (as well as joint ventures within 
the meaning of the Pillar II Law) of a Pillar II Group are required to register with the Luxembourg tax 
authorities within a certain time frame and provide information on the Pillar II Group. 
The application of the Pillar 2 Law to the Issuer might have an adverse impact on its returns and 
ultimately on the returns of the holders of the Securities.

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
32
 
RISKS RELATING TO CONCERTO 
Preferred Creditors under Cayman Islands Law 
In the event that Concerto were to be insolvent and subject to winding up and the assets of Concerto were 
insufficient to discharge them, certain limited debts of Concerto would have priority over the claims of 
the Securityholders in certain circumstances.  
Under the Companies Act (As Revised) (the Cayman Companies Act), certain debts (Preferential 
Debts) will have priority over the claims of holders or debentures secured by a floating charge or holders 
of any floating charge where the assets of a company which is being wound up are insufficient to pay the 
general creditors of such company. In such circumstances, the Preferential Debts will be paid out of the 
property comprised in or subject to that charge.  
The Cayman Companies Act sets out the categories of Preferential Debts which, in broad terms, include 
certain debts due to employees of the company, certain debts due to bank depositors (where the company 
in question is licensed under the Banks and Trust Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands) 
and certain taxes due to the Government of the Cayman Islands.  
While a security interest might be described as a fixed charge in the relevant security agreement, in light 
of various English authorities (which would be persuasive but not technically binding in the courts of the 
Cayman Islands), if the Cayman Islands courts determine that the encumbered property is not 
permanently appropriated to the payment of the sums charged in such a way as to give the secured party 
a proprietary interest in that property and to impose restrictions on the security provider's use thereof, the 
courts may hold that the security interest created over such property is a floating charge rather than a 
fixed charge notwithstanding its description within the relevant security document. If, in relation to the 
Securities, the Cayman Islands courts were to characterise the security interests created under the Trust 
Deed as floating rather than fixed, then Preferential Debts would be paid out of the property encumbered 
under the Trust Deed if and to the extent that the relevant company were to be wound up and there were 
insufficient assets to pay its general creditors.  
Such payments could reduce the amount available to make payments to the holders of the Securities in 
the event of an insolvency or winding up. 
Cayman Islands Anti-Money Laundering Legislation 
Each of the Cayman Administrator and Concerto is subject to the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations 
(As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (together with The Guidance Notes on the Prevention and Detection 
of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing in the Cayman Islands (or equivalent legislation and 
guidance, as applicable), and each as amended and revised from time to time, Cayman AML 
Regulations). The Cayman AML Regulations apply to anyone conducting "relevant financial business" 
in or from the Cayman Islands intending to form a business relationship or carry out a one-off transaction. 
The Cayman AML Regulations require a financial service provider to maintain certain anti-money 
laundering procedures including those for the purposes of verifying the identity and source of funds of 
an "applicant for business"; e.g. an investor, as well as the identity of the beneficial owner/controller of 
the investor, where applicable. Except in certain circumstances, including where an entity is regulated 
by a recognised overseas regulatory authority and/or listed on a recognised stock exchange in an 
approved jurisdiction, Concerto, or its agents will likely be required to verify each investor's identity and 
may be required to verify the source of the payment used by such investor in a manner similar to the 
obligations imposed under the laws of other major financial centres. Application of an identity 
verification exemption at the time of purchase of the Securities may nevertheless require verification of 
identity prior to payment of proceeds from the Securities. In addition, if any person in the Cayman Islands 
knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged 
in criminal conduct or money laundering, or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property, 
and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in 
the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to 
report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands 
(FRA), pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (PCL), if the 
disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable 
or higher, or the FRA, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (Terrorism 
Act), if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. If

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
33
 
Concerto were determined by the Cayman Islands authorities to be in violation of the PCL, the Terrorism 
Act or the Cayman AML Regulations, Concerto could be subject to substantial criminal penalties and/or 
administrative fines. Concerto may be subject to similar restrictions in other jurisdictions. Such a 
violation could materially adversely affect the timing and amount of payments by Concerto to the holders 
of the Securities. 
Beneficial Ownership Regime 
Under the Beneficial Ownership Transparency Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the BOTA), 
unless a Cayman Islands entity is able to avail itself of an alternative route to compliance, it is required 
to identify its beneficial owners and certain intermediate holding entities, and to maintain a beneficial 
ownership register at its registered office in the Cayman Islands. 
Concerto is required to provide beneficial ownership information to its corporate service provider (CSP) 
which, in turn, will provide such information to the competent authority in the Cayman Islands. Each in-
scope entity under the BOTA is required to identify, and monitor changes to, its registrable beneficial 
owners (as such term is defined in the BOTA). Each in-scope entity is required to establish and maintain 
a beneficial ownership register with its CSP and provide its CSP with certain "required particulars" with 
respect to its registrable beneficial owners in a timely manner by way of a written confirmation to ensure 
the entity's beneficial ownership register remains accurate and up-to-date. The details contained within 
that register will be filed by the CSP with the Cayman Islands competent authority on a regular basis and 
as required under BOTA.   
Critically, should any information contained in an in-scope entity's beneficial ownership register change 
or otherwise become inaccurate, it must notify its CSP to update its beneficial ownership register within 
thirty days of becoming aware of the change. 
If certain persons who are obliged by law to co-operate in the collection and provision of information for 
a beneficial ownership register breach those obligations, the affected shares or interests in the in-scope 
entity may be subject to certain restrictions on their right to vote, receive distributions or, where 
applicable, be redeemed or transferred. 
There are various administrative fines and criminal penalties that may be applied to in-scope entities that 
fail to comply with their obligations under the BOTA. 
Disallowance of the tax deductibility of interest due to associated enterprises located in a country listed 
on the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions  
On 28 January 2021, the Luxembourg Parliament passed a law prohibiting as from 1 March 2021 the 
deduction of interest expenses or royalties, accrued or paid, to entities established in jurisdictions 
(countries or territories) which are considered to be "non-cooperative" (such countries or territories being 
designated on a so-called "Blacklist"). Expenses will be concerned as from 1 January 2021 onward when 
they are paid or due to "related parties", a concept as defined for the purposes of Luxembourg's transfer 
pricing rules, i.e. article 56 of the Luxembourg income tax law dated 4 December 1967, as amended. 
This new limitation would apply when the recipient of the expense is a corporate entity, which, under 
Luxembourg tax law, would be considered as "opaque". However, where a Luxembourg taxpayer can 
prove "valid commercial reasons that reflect economic reality", such prohibition would not apply. The 
Blacklist should, in principle, be the same as the most recent list published (at that moment) by the EU 
Council of "non-cooperative" countries and territories. This Blacklist will be updated regularly by the 
Luxembourg Government when presenting the annual budget bill. This law may have a significant 
impact for certain investment structures. The denial of the deductibility regime will cease to apply to 
interest or royalties owed to an entity that is resident in a jurisdiction that is being removed from the EU 
list as from the date of the publication of the updated list in the Official Journal of the EU. The list 
adopted by the EU Council on 8 October 2024 is composed of American Samoa, Anguilla, Fiji, Guam, 
Palau, Panama, the Russian Federation, Samoa, Trinidad and Tobago, the US Virgin Islands and 
Vanuatu. Any change to such list could materially and adversely affect the amount of payments made by 
the Issuer to Securityholders in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
34
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES 
Charged Assets 
The Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant obligor of the Charged Assets  
In the event that the security for any Series of Securities includes Charged Assets, Securityholders will 
assume the full credit risk of any obligor of the Charged Assets. The Charged Assets (if any) for each 
Series of Securities will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. In some transactions, all or 
substantially all of the Charged Assets securing the Securities of any Series may be rated below 
investment grade and will have greater credit and liquidity risk than had those assets been assigned an 
investment grade rating.  
In addition, it is likely that the Charged Assets will be obligations of a limited number of obligors and, 
in such circumstances, the concentration of Charged Assets with an obligor which either one entity or 
within the same corporate group, a sovereign state, operating within the same sector and/or incorporated 
or established in the same country would, on an enforcement of the security or liquidation of the Charged 
Assets, expose Securityholders to increased risk with respect to an economic downturn in that corporate 
group, country or sector than would have been the case if the Charged Assets were less concentrated in 
that country and/or sector. To the extent that a default occurs with respect to any Charged Asset securing 
the Securities of any Series and the Redemption Agent sells or otherwise disposes of such Charged Asset, 
it is not likely that the proceeds of such sale or disposition will be equal to the unpaid principal and 
interest thereon. Even in the absence of a default with respect to any of the Charged Assets securing any 
Series of Securities, due to potential market volatility, the market value of such Charged Assets at any 
time will vary, and may vary substantially, from the price at which such Charged Assets were initially 
purchased and from the principal amount of such Charged Assets.  
Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or disposition, or the 
amount received or recovered upon maturity, of such Charged Assets securing any Series of Securities, 
or that the proceeds of any such sale or disposition would be sufficient to repay principal of and interest 
on the Securities of the related Series and amounts payable prior thereto. In the event of an insolvency 
of an issuer of the Charged Assets, various insolvency and related laws applicable to such issuer may 
limit the amount the Redemption Agent may recover. 
Risks in relation to Charged Assets that are in the form of interests in loans and/or equity interests 
In the event that the Charged Assets are in the form of interests in loans rather than negotiable securities, 
the Charged Assets will generally be subject to additional liquidity and, in some cases, credit risks. Loans 
are not generally traded in organised exchange markets but are traded by banks and other institutional 
investors engaged in loan syndications. Consequently, the liquidity of any loans included in the Charged 
Assets securing a given Series of Securities will depend on the liquidity of these trading markets, and 
there can be no assurance that there will be any market for any loan securing a Series of Securities if the 
Redemption Agent is required to sell or otherwise dispose of such loan. In addition, if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Charged Assets for a given Series of Securities may include participation 
interests in loans. Holders of loan participations are subject to additional risks not applicable to a holder 
of a direct interest in a loan. A holder of a participation interest may be subject to the credit risk of the 
participating institution, which will remain the legal owner of record of the applicable loan. Participants 
also do not generally benefit from the collateral (if any) supporting the loans in which they have an 
interest because loan participations generally do not provide a purchaser with direct rights to enforce 
compliance by the obligor with the terms of the loan agreement, nor do they provide any rights of set-off 
against the obligor.  
If the Charged Assets are in the form of interests in equities, a relatively small movement in the closing 
level of the equities can result in a disproportionately large movement in the price of the Securities. 
Securityholders will assume the credit risk of any Credit Support Provider  
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the obligations of an obligor under any Charged Assets 
shall be guaranteed or have the benefit of a letter of credit or other similar arrangement from the specified 
Credit Support Provider. In such circumstances, Securityholders will also assume the credit risk of the

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
35
 
Credit Support Provider and no assurance is given that any such Credit Support Provider will satisfy its 
obligations under the relevant Credit Support Document(s) in a timely manner or at all. 
Risks in relation to early prepayment of ISDA Issuer Collateral or Charged Assets 
In the event that any ISDA Issuer Collateral or any Charged Assets (or part thereof), other than Charged 
Assets comprising Counterparty Collateral, become due and repayable on a date prior to their stated 
maturity date (whether by reason of a default in payment or otherwise) or, if applicable, claims arising 
under the Credit Support Document (if any) and/or any such claims become enforceable, the Securities 
will be redeemed early and the Early Redemption Amount received by Securityholders may be less than 
the amount initially invested and could be zero. In addition, if a Charged Asset Modification Event occurs 
in relation to any ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or Charged Assets, the relevant Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early or the Counterparty may elect to designate an early termination of the relevant Charged 
Agreement which would result in the Securities redeeming early and, in each case, the Early Redemption 
Amount received by Securityholders may be less than the amount initially invested and could be zero. 
Counterparty Substitution of Charged Assets 
In the event that the security for any Series of Securities includes Charged Assets and "Charged Asset 
Substitution" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (whether as "Applicable – Charged 
Assets" or "Applicable – Charged Assets as Collateral"), the Charged Assets (other than Charged Assets 
comprising Counterparty Collateral, in respect of which see the paragraph entitled "Charged 
Agreements" below) may be substituted for alternative assets (Replacement Charged Assets) at the 
request of any Counterparty, provided that such Replacement Charged Assets satisfy the Replacement 
Charged Assets Criteria.  
In the case of "Charged Asset Substitution – Charged Assets", following a request by the relevant 
Counterparty to substitute the Charged Assets, the Redemption Agent shall obtain bid quotations in 
respect of the Charged Assets and offer quotations in respect of the Replacement Charged Assets, as 
further provided in General Condition 5(b)(ii)(A) (Charged Asset Substitution - Charged Assets). 
Provided that the sale proceeds of the Charged Assets are sufficient to purchase the Replacement Charged 
Assets, the Charged Assets shall be substituted with the Replacement Charged Assets on the eighth 
Business Day following the request date.  
In the case of "Charged Asset Substitution – Charged Assets as Collateral", following a request by the 
relevant Counterparty to substitute the Substituted Charged Assets, the Redemption Agent shall dispose 
of the Substituted Charged Assets and swap the proceeds of such disposal with the Counterparty under 
the Charged Agreement for amounts sufficient to acquire the Replacement Charged Assets, as further 
provided in Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) (Charged Asset Substitution - Charged Assets as Collateral). Provided 
that the Counterparty does not default under the Charged Agreement, the Substituted Charged Assets 
shall have been fully substituted with the Replacement Charged Assets on the final day on which some 
or all of the Replacement Charged Assets have been acquired. 
None of the Issuers, the Trustee, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer and any Credit Support 
Provider shall be bound or concerned to make any investigation into the creditworthiness of any obligor 
in respect of the Charged Assets (including the Credit Support Provider (if any)), the validity of any such 
obligor's obligations under or in respect of the Charged Assets or any of the terms of the Charged Assets 
(including, without limitation, whether the cash flows from the Charged Assets and the Securities are 
matched) or to monitor the value of any Charged Assets. 
Upon the redemption of the Securities no assurance can be given that the sale, disposition or redemption 
of the Replacement Charged Assets will be greater than that amount which would have been received 
from the sale, disposition or redemption of the original Charged Assets. Consequently, the amount paid 
to Securityholders might be lower than if no Replacement Charged Assets had been purchased. 
Charged Agreements 
A description of the terms of a Charged Agreement - if documented on the basis of (i) one or more 
confirmations and an ISDA Master Agreement (including the Schedule and, if the transaction is specified 
to be a "Collateralised Transaction" in the applicable confirmation, the relevant credit support annex, 
thereto) (together, a Swap Agreement) or (ii) a GMSLA Master Agreement in the form of a Global

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
36
 
Master Securities Lending Agreement (January 2010 Version) (the GMSLA Master Agreement) 
(including the schedules thereto, together with transactions entered into between the Issuer and the SL 
Counterparty in respect of a Series of Securities (the SL Transactions and each an SL Transaction)) 
(together the SL Agreement) - is set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "The Charged 
Agreement".  
Securities are subject to the credit risk of the relevant Counterparty under the Charged Agreement 
In the event that the security for any Series of Securities includes a Charged Agreement, Securityholders 
will assume the full credit risk of the ability of the relevant Counterparty to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the Charged Agreement. In the event that the relevant Counterparty fails to perform its 
obligations under the Charged Agreement the Issuer may be unable to meet its obligations under the 
Securities. Therefore, the potential return on and value of the Securities may be adversely affected in the 
event of a default or deterioration in the financial position of the relevant Counterparty. No assurance 
can be given that the amount repaid to investors will be equal to or higher than the investor's initial 
investment in the relevant Securities and such amount may be substantially less than the investor's initial 
investment. 
Risks that the Charged Agreement(s) may be terminated early 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the event that a Charged Agreement is 
terminated early (as a result of the failure of the Counterparty to meet its payment obligations under the 
Charged Agreement or otherwise), the Securities will be redeemed early and the Early Redemption 
Amount received by Securityholders may be less than the amount initially invested and could be zero.  
In the event that the Early Redemption Amount is less than the amount originally invested or is less than 
the return Securityholders expected to receive on their investment or is zero, Securityholders will not 
have any further rights or claims against or to the assets of the relevant Issuer beyond their pro rata 
entitlement to amounts received by the relevant Issuer (under the Charged Assets (if any) and/or the 
Charged Agreement(s), as applicable) as a result of enforcement of the security. Any Early Redemption 
Amount received by Securityholders will be paid in accordance with the applicable order of priority and 
the limited recourse provisions. 
Risks where the Charged Agreement is an SL Agreement   
If the Securities redeem other than on the Maturity Date, the SL Agreement will be terminated (see F.2 
– "The SL Agreement" below). The SL Agreement may also be terminated in other circumstances (as 
described in F.2 – "The SL Agreement" below). Upon the early termination of an SL Agreement, the 
relevant Issuer or the SL Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other 
(regardless, if applicable, of which of such parties may have caused such termination). 
In all cases of early termination of an SL Agreement occurring, other than by reason of a default by the 
SL Counterparty (in which case the determination will be made by the relevant Issuer), the termination 
payment will be determined by the SL Counterparty based on the market value of the securities 
transferred to the relevant Issuer by the SL Counterparty and the market value of any margin posted by 
the Issuer to the SL Counterparty. 
Upon an early termination of an SL Agreement, there is no assurance that the termination payment 
payable by the SL Counterparty to the relevant Issuer (if any), when combined with any amounts received 
by the relevant Issuer in respect of the securities transferred to the relevant Issuer by the SL Counterparty, 
will be sufficient to repay the principal amount due to be paid in respect of the Securities and any other 
amounts thereof that are due. The market value of the securities transferred to the relevant Issuer will be 
affected by a number of factors including but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers of the 
securities, (ii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, and (iii) the liquidity 
of the securities. Accordingly, the price at which such securities are sold or liquidated upon termination 
of the SL Agreement may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the market value of the such 
securities on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series (or any subsequent Issue Date (as 
applicable)) and the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation when taken together with the proceeds of 
termination of any related SL Agreement and any other assets available to the Issuer that relate to the 
relevant Series may not be sufficient to repay the full amount due in respect of the Securities that the

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
37
 
holders of such Securities would expect to receive if the Securities were redeemed in accordance with 
their terms on their Maturity Date. 
Risks where the Swap Agreement(s) may include a credit support annex to the ISDA Master Agreement 
If the Charged Agreements in respect of a Series of Securities include a Swap Agreement which includes 
a credit support annex to the ISDA Master Agreement between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Swap 
Counterparty, then depending on the terms of such credit support annex: (i) the Swap Counterparty will 
be required to post eligible collateral to the relevant Issuer to collateralise the relevant Issuer's exposure 
(if any) to it under such ISDA Master Agreement and the transaction(s) comprising Swap Agreements 
for such Series of Securities, such collateral being referred to as "Counterparty Collateral"; and/or (ii) if, 
and only if, the terms of such credit support annex so provide and the Charged Assets (or a portion of 
them) are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be ISDA Issuer Collateral, the relevant Issuer will 
be required to post such assets to the Swap Counterparty to collateralise the Swap Counterparty's 
exposure (if any) to it under such ISDA Master Agreement and the transaction(s) comprising Swap 
Agreements for such Series of Securities, such collateral being referred to as "ISDA Issuer Collateral". 
The valuation of the parties' obligations for such purpose shall be undertaken from time to time pursuant 
to the provisions of the relevant credit support annex and, if on a valuation date the relevant Issuer's 
exposure to the Swap Counterparty exceeds the sum of the posted collateral by an amount greater than 
the specified minimum transfer amount, then the Swap Counterparty will post additional eligible 
collateral to the relevant Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty's exposure to the relevant Issuer exceeds 
the sum of collateral posted by an amount greater than the specified minimum transfer amount, then the 
relevant Issuer will post additional Charged Assets to the Swap Counterparty and such assets so posted 
shall then be ISDA Issuer Collateral. The credit support annex includes provisions for the return of any 
such collateral posted by a party where the exposure of such party to the other is negative and the 
obligations therefore over-collateralised. 
However, investors should note that notwithstanding the Swap Counterparty transferring Counterparty 
Collateral to it as described above, such Counterparty Collateral may not in all circumstances be 
sufficient to negate all credit exposure of the relevant Issuer to the relevant Swap Counterparty, for 
example, because: (a) of the requirement for the minimum transfer amount to be satisfied; (b) the relevant 
Issuer's exposure to the relevant Swap Counterparty may have increased since the last valuation was 
made; (c) where assets are delivered as collateral to the relevant Issuer, such assets may have a volatile 
market value that has decreased from the date of delivery of such assets; and/or (d) of currency exchange 
rate fluctuations, in which circumstances Securityholders will have uncollateralised exposure to the 
credit risk of the relevant Swap Counterparty. If the Redemption Agent is required to sell any 
Counterparty Collateral, the Securityholders will assume market risk of such Counterparty Collateral and 
credit risk of the obligor(s) in respect of such Counterparty Collateral and, in such circumstances, the 
concentration of items of Counterparty Collateral with an obligor which is either a sovereign state or 
incorporated or established in the same country would, on an enforcement of the security or liquidation 
of the Counterparty Collateral, expose Securityholders to increased risk with respect to an economic 
downturn in that country or obligor. The relevant Swap Counterparty has the right, pursuant to the terms 
of the ISDA Agreement, to substitute the securities and/or cash comprising Counterparty Collateral for 
other eligible collateral, which unless otherwise specified for the particular transaction, will not be 
subject to any concentration limits or other criteria. 
Where any Charged Assets are ISDA Issuer Collateral and may be transferred to the Swap Counterparty, 
investors should note that such assets are at the point of any such transfer released from the security 
interests that had been created in favour of Securityholders. If the relevant Charged Assets that from time 
to time may be transferred to the Swap Counterparty and comprise ISDA Issuer Collateral are insufficient 
to collateralise the Swap Counterparty's exposure (if any) to the relevant Issuer, other than in the case of 
a VM CSA (as further described below), no default or top-up provisions apply and, accordingly, the 
Securities shall not redeem early. 
Risks in relation to Variation Margin Compliant Credit Support Annex 
Regulations requiring the posting of variation margin by entities, such as the relevant Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty(s), are effective in the United States from 1 March 2017 or such later date as is agreed by 
the relevant entity and the CFTC (the effective date). While pre-existing transactions are expected to be 
exempt from such requirement, relevant Collateralised Transactions entered into after the effective date 
and existing relevant Collateralised Transactions that undergo a material amendment or are subject to a

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
38
 
significant modification after the effective date will be subject to the variation margin requirements 
(based on guidance provided by U.S. regulators in other contexts). To comply with the variation margin 
requirements, the relevant Issuer and the relevant Swap Counterparty (when entering into a relevant 
Swap Agreement) will have to enter into a variation margin compliant Credit Support Annex (a VM 
CSA). Under a VM CSA, the relevant Issuer's exposure to the relevant Swap Counterparty and the 
relevant Swap Counterparty's exposure to the relevant Issuer under the Swap Agreement are each 
collateralised. The exposure of each party to the other party will be calculated on a daily basis. Where 
the exposure calculated is greater than the collateral already posted by one party to the other party by an 
amount in excess of the minimum transfer amount specified in the VM CSA, then the party in respect of 
which such exposure is a positive number shall be the transferee and the other party (the transferor) will 
be obliged to deliver to the transferee an amount of eligible assets determined to be equal to the difference 
between such exposure and the collateral it has already posted to the transferee. As of the Issue Date of 
the relevant Securities, the Swap Agreement will specify what eligible collateral (the initial eligible 
collateral) may be posted. Any such initial eligible collateral in relation to the relevant Issuer shall 
include the ISDA Issuer Collateral. In the event that: (i) the initial eligible collateral in respect of the 
relevant Securities becomes ineligible for posting or collecting as a consequence of a change of the 
applicable laws or regulations; or (ii) the relevant Issuer or the relevant Swap Counterparty have 
insufficient eligible collateral to comply with their posting obligations, the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Swap Counterparty may be unable to comply with its posting (e.g. payment/delivery) obligations under 
the VM CSA. The failure to pay or deliver, when due, any payment under the VM CSA will constitute 
an event of default with respect to such party and the VM CSA will terminate in accordance with its 
terms. Upon the early termination of the VM CSA, the Swap Agreement and consequently the Securities 
will redeem early in accordance with the Conditions.  
Prospective investors should be aware that there is no assurance that the termination payment (if any) 
under the relevant Swap Agreement, when combined with the amounts (if any) received by the relevant 
Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets and applied in accordance with the order of priorities set out in 
the Conditions, will be equal to the amount initially invested and could be zero.  
Transfer of Confirmations 
Where "Swap Agreement" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Issuer 
shall have entered into a Swap Agreement, pursuant to which one or more confirmations (each a 
Confirmation) are entered into, each with an effective date of the Issue Date of the first tranche of the 
relevant Securities with the relevant Swap Counterparty. 
Where "SL Agreement" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms the relevant Issuer 
shall have entered into an SL Agreement pursuant to which a transaction (an SL Transaction) is entered 
into between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty in respect of a Series of Securities with an effective date 
of the Issue Date of the first tranche of such Securities. 
The terms of the Swap Agreement, SL Agreement and the Terms and Conditions of the Securities provide 
that any Counterparty may, without the consent of Securityholders or the relevant Issuer, transfer all or 
part of its interest and obligations in and under the relevant Swap Agreement and/or SL Agreement (as 
the case may be) to any affiliate of such Counterparty provided that such affiliate either: (a) has at least 
an equivalent credit rating as of the date of such transfer to that of the relevant Counterparty as of the 
date of such transfer; or (b) is guaranteed by an affiliate of such Counterparty that has a credit rating as 
at the date of such transfer that is at least equivalent to that of the relevant Counterparty as at the date of 
such transfer, and provided that certain requirements and conditions set out in the Swap Agreement 
and/or SL Agreement (as the case may be) and the Supplemental Trust Deed have been satisfied. These 
requirements and conditions include (without limitation) the requirement that: (i) the transferee shall, at 
the time of such transfer, have entered into an ISDA Master Agreement and/or a GMSLA Master 
Agreement (as the case may be) with the relevant Issuer on substantially the same terms as the ISDA 
Master Agreement and/or a GMSLA Master Agreement (as the case may be) between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Counterparty; (ii) as of the date of such transfer the transferee will not, as a result of 
such transfer, be required to withhold or deduct on account of tax under the relevant ISDA Master 
Agreement and/or a GMSLA Master Agreement (as the case may be); (iii) a Termination Event or an 
Event of Default (each as defined in the Swap Agreement and/or SL Agreement (as the case may be)) 
does not occur as a result of such transfer; and (iv) if applicable, each rating agency has provided prior 
written notification that the then current ratings of the Securities rated by such rating agency will not be 
adversely affected. The Swap Agreement and/or SL Agreement (as the case may be)also contains an

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
39
 
express contractual recognition that such Swap Agreement and/or SL Agreement (as the case may be) 
may be transferred pursuant to the statutory stay-and-transfer provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act (together, the U.S. Special 
Resolution Regimes). 
Consequently, as of the date of any such transfer, the relevant Issuer and ultimately the Securityholders 
will be exposed to the creditworthiness of the relevant transferee and, if applicable, such swap guarantor, 
as the case may be, and the ability of each such person to meet the obligations that have been so 
transferred in substitution for an exposure to the Counterparty. As a result of any transfer of a 
Confirmation and/ or an SL Transaction to a transferee, the jurisdiction of such transferee shall be the 
relevant jurisdiction for the purposes of determining the occurrence of any tax event pursuant to Section 
5(b)(ii) of the ISDA Master Agreement and/or Clause 13.1 of the GMSLA Master Agreement (as the 
case may be). 
Upon such transfer, the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to reflect such transfer and shall determine the effective 
date of such adjustment(s). Any such adjustment(s) may affect the value of the Securities. 
Limitation on Transfer of Related Guarantees and Exercise of Cross-Default Rights in Swap 
Agreement or SL Agreement 
Each Swap Agreement and SL Agreement explicitly provides that any related guarantee or related credit 
enhancement provided by an affiliate of the Counterparty may be transferred to another entity as 
transferee upon or following such affiliate becoming subject to a resolution, restructuring, reorganization 
or similar proceeding (an Insolvency Proceeding). This is not limited to a proceeding under the U.S. 
Special Resolution Regimes, and would also include, for example, a proceeding under Chapter 11 of the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In addition, each Swap Agreement and SL Agreement explicitly provides that 
the relevant Issuer will not be permitted to exercise any default right with respect to the Swap Agreement 
and/or SL Agreement (as the case may be) that is related, directly or indirectly, to an affiliate of the 
Counterparty becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, subject to certain exceptions, including if 
the default right arises as a result of: (i) the Counterparty becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding; 
(ii) the Counterparty not satisfying a payment or delivery obligation pursuant to such Swap Agreement 
and/or SL Agreement (as the case may be); or (iii) the failure of the affiliate credit support provider of 
the Counterparty, or any transferee thereof, to satisfy a payment or delivery obligation pursuant to any 
related guarantee or related credit enhancement that supports the Swap Agreement and/or SL Agreement 
(as the case may be). After an affiliate of the Counterparty becomes subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, 
the relevant Issuer shall have the burden of proof, by clear and convincing evidence, that the exercise of 
any such default right against the Counterparty is permitted under the Swap Agreement and/or SL 
Agreement (as the case may be).  
The different Classes of Securities 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the enforcement of the security for 
Securities of a Series comprising more than one Class, payment of amounts due to the holders of a Class 
of Securities ranking senior to one or more junior ranking Class or Classes of Securities shall be made 
before payment is made to the next most senior ranking Class of Securities. Thus, the rights to receive 
payments in respect of more junior ranking Class or Classes of Securities are junior and subordinate to 
the rights to receive payments in respect of more senior ranking Class or Classes of Securities. The risks 
of delays in payments or ultimate non-payment of principal and/or interest will be borne 
disproportionately by holders of the more junior ranking Class or Classes of Securities as compared to 
holders of more senior ranking Class or Classes of Securities. 
The Trustee will generally be required to have regard to the separate interests of the holders of each 
Class. However, in certain circumstances the Trustee shall be required not to have regard to the interests 
of the holders of a Class of Securities ranking junior to one or more senior ranking Class of Securities to 
the extent any of such senior Class or Classes of Securities remain outstanding. 
Taxation 
Each Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
40
 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any transfer or payment in respect of the Securities. If 
taxes are imposed: (i) on payments to be made by the relevant Issuer or the relevant Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any) under the Securities; (ii) on amounts received by the relevant Issuer under the Charged 
Assets or any Charged Agreement such that the net amounts received by the relevant Issuer in respect of 
any Charged Assets or under any Charged Agreement are insufficient to meet the amounts due under the 
relevant Securities; or (iii) on the relevant Issuer Credit Enhancer, if any, and such Issuer Credit Enhancer 
would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the relevant Issuer, then the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Issuer Credit Enhancer, as the case may be, will deduct an amount 
representing such taxes from payments in respect of the Securities and, if so requested by a holder of 
such Securities, the relevant Issuer shall redeem the Securities at the Early Redemption Amount. The 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Issuer Credit Enhancer, as the case may be, will not pay any additional 
amounts to Securityholders to reimburse them for any such deductions and, if redeemed, the Early 
Redemption Amount may be less than the amount originally invested by a holder of the Securities and 
may be zero. 
Illegality, impossibility, force majeure and act of state in relation to Securities 
If the relevant Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under an issue of Securities or 
any Counterparty's obligations under any relevant Charged Agreement, has become illegal or impossible 
in whole or in part for any reason and/or is prevented by reason of a force majeure or act of state occurring 
after such obligations are entered into, the relevant Issuer may redeem the Securities early and the 
Redemption Agent shall arrange and administer the sale of any Charged Assets and any Charged 
Agreements will be terminated, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, will pay to each 
Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent, notwithstanding such illegality, impossibility, force 
majeure or act of state. There is no guarantee that the amount repaid to investors will be equal to or higher 
than the investor's initial investment in the relevant Securities and such amount may be substantially less 
than the investor's initial investment. 
Regulatory Event Redemption Risk 
Where a Regulatory Event occurs, the relevant Issuer will redeem the relevant Securities early, the 
Redemption Agent shall arrange and administer the sale of any Charged Assets and any Charged 
Agreements will be terminated and, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the relevant Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by such holder, an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, notwithstanding such Regulatory Event. There is no guarantee that the amount repaid to investors 
will be equal to or higher than the investor's initial investment in the relevant Securities and such amount 
may be substantially less than the investor's initial investment. 
ERISA 
Each purchaser and each subsequent purchaser of Securities will be deemed to represent and warrant, 
with respect to each day it holds Securities or any beneficial interest therein, that no portion of the assets 
used to purchase or hold its Securities constitutes or will constitute the assets of an employee benefit plan 
subject to Title I of ERISA, a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 
4975 of the Code or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or 
regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
If the Securities are at any time purchased or held in violation of the foregoing representation, the relevant 
Issuer shall have the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of such Securities, to compel 
the beneficial owner of such Securities to (i) sell its interest in the Securities to a Permitted Purchaser or 
(ii) transfer its interest in the Securities to the relevant Issuer, a Dealer or an affiliate of a Dealer at a 
purchase price equal to the least of (x) the purchase price paid therefor by the beneficial owner, (y) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount thereof and (z) the fair market value thereof. A holder of Securities who 
is required to transfer Securities in this way may incur a significant loss as a result. None of the Issuers, 
the Dealer(s) or any other person shall be liable to a holder of Securities for any such loss. 
Credit Risk

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
41
 
A prospective purchaser of the Securities should have such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters and expertise in assessing credit risk that it is capable of evaluating the merits, risks and 
suitability of investing in the Securities including any credit risk associated with the relevant Issuer, the 
Counterparty (if any), the Credit Support Provider (if any), the Custodian, any Issuer Credit Enhancer (if 
any), the obligor under any Charged Assets and any Agent (particularly the Calculation Agent). The 
ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Securities issued by it will depend 
on each such entity performing their respective obligations in relation to the Securities (as applicable) 
and, further, investors should be aware that on any default of any such person under the Securities, the 
Trustee, the Agent Bank, the Calculation Agent and/or Determination Agent, the Certificate Agent (if 
any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and/or the Custodian may be Affiliates of, and/or share 
infrastructure with, any such entities and, in such circumstances, the realisation of the Mortgaged 
Property and redemption of the Securities, may not occur in a timely manner.  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited as Arranger has undertaken to pay certain expenses of each Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. As such, the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under 
any Securities and/or to remain solvent may be impaired if, in the event of the insolvency of Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited, the relevant Issuer's expenses are unpaid.  
Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the issue price and/or offer price 
Investors should note that the issue price and/or offer price of Securities may include fees and/or other 
commissions and inducements (e.g. placement fees, distribution fees, structuring fees). Any such fees 
and/or other commissions and inducements will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining 
the price of such Securities in the secondary market and will result in a difference between the issue price 
and/or offer price of the Securities and the bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary 
market. Any such difference will result in a decrease in the value of the relevant Securities, particularly 
in relation to any such Securities sold immediately following the issue date relating to the relevant 
Tranche of such Securities.  
Investors should also note that any fees, commissions and inducements payable in the context of an issue 
of Securities, may be payable to entities that are subsidiaries of Citigroup Inc. and/or that are otherwise 
affiliated with the relevant Dealer and/or distributor.  
Korean Market Notes 
Where "Korean Market Notes" are specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement for a 
Series of Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Early Redemption 
Amount for each such Korean Market Note shall be an amount equal to such Note's principal amount 
then outstanding (provided that any taxes, costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith may be 
satisfied first).  
The Conditions relating to Korean Market Notes provide that an investor's claim for repayment of the 
Notes will be limited to the value of the Mortgaged Property relating to such Notes, but that such claim 
will not be extinguished despite any diminution of such Mortgaged Property. Consequently, if the 
proceeds of enforcement and realisation, as applicable, of the Mortgaged Property for a Series of Korean 
Market Notes are insufficient to pay the requisite amounts, the claim of the holders of such Korean 
Market Notes in respect of such shortfall will remain albeit there will be no assets against which such 
claim can be asserted. The Conditions of any Korean Market Notes further provide that holders of such 
Korean Market Notes (and any person acting on behalf of any of them) will be precluded from taking 
any further action to recover any such shortfall. In practice, therefore, any such shortfall will, due to the 
limited recourse nature of the Notes, ultimately be borne by the Securityholders (see "Limited recourse 
and shortfall on enforcement and realisation of Mortgaged Property" above). 
There can be no guarantee that these arrangements will not ultimately result in the bankruptcy, 
liquidation, winding-up or similar proceedings of the relevant Issuer, which may adversely impact the 
holders of any other outstanding Securities issued by such Issuer. 
Risks relating to the Securities generally 
An investment in Securities involves risks (as further described in the paragraphs below) and should only 
be made after assessing the direction, timing and magnitude of potential future market changes (e.g. in

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
42
 
the value of the security indices, inflation indices, commodity indices, commodities, shares, depositary 
receipts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, currencies, proprietary indices, dividend futures contracts, 
interest rates or other items which comprise or relate to the Underlying(s)), as well as the terms and 
conditions of the Securities. More than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects with regard to the 
Securities such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. In addition, more than 
one risk factor may have a compounding effect, which may not be predictable. 
Potential loss of some or all of the investment 
You should be prepared to sustain a total or partial loss of the purchase price of your Securities.  
Other than any Securities having a scheduled minimum redemption value, Securities purchased may be 
worthless on redemption. In addition, the Securities will only redeem at an amount equivalent to at least 
the issue price if the applicable Issue Terms provide that the Redemption Amount at maturity is an 
amount equivalent to at least such amount. If the Securities provide that the Redemption Amount may 
be less than the issue price, such Securities may be redeemed at an amount less than such price. If the 
Securities are redeemed at less than the issue price or the Securities are cancelled or repaid early in 
accordance with their terms, the amount received by you, as a holder of such Securities, may be less than 
your initial investment.  
Furthermore, the Securities may be traded in the secondary market or redeemed early, and if so, the price 
for which a Security may be sold or redeemed early may be less than the principal amount of such 
Security and/or your initial investment in such Securities. 
For Securities which are linked to Underlying(s), in order to recover and realise a return upon your 
investment, you must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated 
change in the value of the relevant Underlying(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more 
a Security is "out-of-the-money" and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater the risk that 
you will lose all or part of your investment. The only means through which you can realise value from a 
Security prior to the maturity date in relation to such Security is to sell it at its then market price in an 
available secondary market (if any). Fluctuations in the value or the yield (if applicable) or the relevant 
rates of exchange (if applicable) of the relevant Underlying(s) will affect the value of the relevant 
Securities. You risk losing your entire investment if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) does not 
move in the anticipated direction.  
Further, you may receive no interest during the term of the Securities. 
A sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption may result in a loss to the investor  
The value of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption varies as the price or level of the 
Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including (i) the trading 
price of the relevant Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), (iii) the remaining tenor, 
(iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of any Redemption Amounts, (v) any 
change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency 
exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying(s) and (viii) any related 
transaction costs. Depending on the above factors (e.g. if movements in the price or level of the 
Underlying(s) reduce the probable range of any Redemption Amounts), a sale of Securities prior to their 
scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the original purchase price and you may lose 
some or all of your investment. 
Securities which are issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of any Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount 
or issue or offer price tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
Securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. Such price volatility could lead to a greater loss than otherwise on any sale 
of the Security prior to its scheduled redemption or an inability to sell the Security in the secondary 
markets. 
Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the Issue Price and/or offer price

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
43
 
The issue price and/or offer price of Securities may include fees and/or other commissions and 
inducements (e.g. placement fees, distribution fees, structuring fees). Any such fees and/or other 
commissions and inducements will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price 
of such Securities in the secondary market and will result in a difference between the Issue Price and/or 
offer price of the Securities and the bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. 
Any such difference will result in a decrease in the value of an issue of Securities and consequently a 
loss to the investor, particularly in relation to any such Securities sold immediately following the issue 
date or offer period relating to such Securities.  
The secondary market 
Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors 
should be prepared to hold their Securities until maturity. If a market does develop, it may not be very 
liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets and you may not be able to find a timely 
and/or suitable purchaser. If it is possible to sell Securities, they would be sold for the prevailing bid 
price in the market and may be subject to a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected by 
several factors including the performance of any relevant Underlying, prevailing interest rates at the time 
of sale, the time remaining to the stated maturity date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer, any 
Counterparty (if any), any Credit Support Provider, any Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), any obligor 
under any Charged Assets and factors affecting the capital markets generally. The introduction of 
additional or competing products in the market may also have a negative effect on the price of any 
Securities.  
Consequently, you may not be able to sell your Securities easily or at all or at prices that will provide 
you with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or at prices 
equal to or higher than your initial investment and in fact any such price may be substantially less than 
the original purchase price. Therefore, in establishing your investment strategy, you should ensure that 
the term of the Securities is in line with your future liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case 
should the relevant Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Securities having 
to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or issue or offer price, or for Securities that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. These types of Securities generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Securities. The liquidity of Securities is also influenced by the type of investor to whom 
such Securities are sold. To the extent that an issue of Securities is or becomes illiquid, you may have to 
hold the relevant Securities until maturity before you are able to realise value. 
Each Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Securities on a stock exchange or regulated market. 
If Securities are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for 
the relevant Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Securities may be 
adversely affected. 
If Securities are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market, they may be traded on 
trading systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. multilateral trading 
systems or "MTFs") or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems or equivalent trading systems). In 
the event that trading in such Securities takes place outside any such stock exchange, regulated market 
or trading systems, the manner in which the price of such Securities is determined may be less transparent 
and the liquidity of such Securities may be adversely affected. You should note that none of the Issuer, 
and any Dealer grants any warranty to Securityholders as to the methodologies used to determine the 
price of Securities which are traded outside a trading system. However, where the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates determines the price of such Securities, it will take into account the market parameters 
applicable at such time in accordance with applicable provisions of law. Even if Securities are listed 
and/or admitted to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity. 
Each of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Counterparty (if any), any Credit Support Provider, any Issuer 
Credit Enhancer (if any), any obligor under any Charged Assets and any Dealer may, but is not obliged 
to, at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any 
Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If such Securities are 
surrendered for cancellation, then the number of Securities outstanding will decrease, which will reduce

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
44
 
liquidity for the outstanding Securities. Any such activities may have an adverse effect on the price of 
the relevant Securities in the secondary market and/or the existence of a secondary market. 
Any of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Counterparty (if any), any Credit Support Provider, any Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any), and any Dealer or affiliate of any such entity, as, where applicable, part of its activities 
as a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related products or otherwise, may make 
a secondary market in relation to any Securities and may provide an indicative bid price on a daily basis. 
Any indicative prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant party in its sole discretion taking 
into account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a representation by such party that any 
Securities can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all) and any of the parties specified above may 
suspend or terminate making a market and providing indicative prices without notice, at any time and for 
any reason. In these circumstances, there may be no market for the relevant Securities and you should 
not assume that such a market will exist. Accordingly, you must be prepared to hold the Securities until 
the maturity date, and may not be able to sell them prior to such date or, if you can, you may only be able 
to do so for a loss. 
Change of law (including applicable tax law) or tax practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
such laws or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Securities affected by it. 
In addition any relevant tax law, regulations or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and/or the date of purchase or subscription of any Securities may change at any time (including during 
any subscription period or the term of any Securities) and it is not possible to predict the precise tax 
treatment which will apply to the Securities at any given time. Any such change may have an adverse 
effect on you including that your Securities may be redeemed before their due date, their liquidity may 
decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable by or to you may be less favourable 
than otherwise expected by you. 
Risks related to implementation of regulatory reform  
Implementation of U.S. federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of Underlying(s) and 
the ability to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. This may in turn affect the market value, 
trading price and volatility of, and return on, the Securities. This is because the amounts received and/or 
value of assets deliverable under the Securities will depend on (among other things) the performance of 
any such Underlying(s) and the Securities may be subject to early redemption as a result of events related 
to hedging arrangements. In addition, amounts and/or assets due under the Securities may be reduced to 
reflect costs related to hedging arrangements.  
For example, in October 2020, the CFTC adopted rules to establish revised or new limits on the size of 
the positions any person may hold in 25 agricultural, metals and energy futures contracts and futures, 
options and swaps that are economically equivalent to those futures contracts. The limits apply to a 
person's combined position in the specified 25 futures contracts and options on futures (core referenced 
futures contracts), futures and options on futures directly or indirectly linked to the core referenced 
futures contracts, and economically equivalent swaps. These rules came into effect on 1 January 2022 
for covered futures and options on futures contracts and on 1 January 2023 for covered swaps. These 
limits may subject certain transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers and increase 
costs in relation to some types of hedging activity by the relevant Issuer and/or any Hedging Party or any 
of their respective affiliates. Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act require certain Underlying(s) or 
hedging transactions to be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and reported to regulators, central 
data repositories and, in some cases, the public, which may also affect their value, volatility and cost. 
The Dodd-Frank Act also expands entity registration requirements and imposes business conduct 
requirements on persons active in the swaps market (which may include new capital and margin 
requirements), which may affect the value of the relevant Underlying(s) or value and/or cost of hedging 
transactions. Such regulation may consequently affect the market value, trading price and volatility of, 
and return on, the Securities. 
Risks related to U.S. Risk Retention Requirements

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
45
 
Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act amended the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to generally require 
the "securitizer" of a "securitization transaction" to retain at least 5 per cent. of the "credit risk" of 
"securitized assets", as such terms are defined for purposes of that statute, and generally prohibit a 
securitizer from directly or indirectly eliminating or reducing its credit exposure by hedging or otherwise 
transferring the credit risk that the securitizer is required to retain. Final rules implementing the statute 
(the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) came into effect on 24 December 2016 with respect to non-RMBS 
securitizations. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules provide that the securitizer of an asset backed 
securitization is its sponsor. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules also provide for certain exemptions from the 
risk retention obligation that they generally impose. 
The Arranger or the applicable sponsor does not intend to retain at least 5 per cent. of the credit risk of 
the relevant Issuer with respect to the issuance of the Securities, but, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, rather intends to rely on an exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions. Such non-U.S. transactions must meet certain requirements, 
including imposing certain restrictions as to sales or transfers of securities to U.S. persons (in each case, 
as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this Base Prospectus as Risk Retention U.S. Persons).  
Accordingly, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Securities provide that they may not be 
acquired by or transferred at any time to Risk Retention U.S. Persons. Prospective investors should note 
that the definition of U.S. person in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantially similar to, but not 
identical to, the definition of U.S. person under Regulation S. The definition of U.S. person in the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules is excerpted below. Particular attention should be paid to clauses (b) and (h)(i), 
which are different than comparable provisions from Regulation S. 
Under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and subject to limited exceptions, "U.S. person" means any of the 
following (Risk Retention U.S. Persons): 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organisation or entity 
organised or incorporated under the laws of any State or of the United States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person (as defined under any other 
clause of this definition); 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this 
definition); 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer 
or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause 
of this definition); 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary organised, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organisation or entity if: 
(i) 
Organised or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition) principally 
for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act. 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each holder of a Security, by its acquisition of a Security or 
a beneficial interest in a Security, will be deemed to represent to the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, the 
applicable sponsor and the Dealers that it (1) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person and (2) is not acquiring 
such Security or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules (including acquiring such Security through a non-Risk Retention U.S. Person, 
rather than a Risk Retention U.S. Person, as part of a scheme to evade the 10 per cent. Risk Retention

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
46
 
U.S. Person limitation in the exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
described herein).  
Failure to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) 
could give rise to regulatory action which may adversely affect the Securities. Furthermore, a failure to 
comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the value and secondary market 
liquidity of the Securities. 
Risks related to qualified financial contracts 
The U.S. banking regulators have adopted rules mandating the inclusion of contractual stay provisions 
in certain financial contracts, which are intended to mitigate the risk of destabilising closeouts of such 
contracts on the resolution of Citigroup, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The inclusion of these provisions into 
any Charged Agreement and/or the Dealer Agreement could materially adversely affect the rights of 
Securityholders against the Dealer and/or the relevant Counterparty in a resolution scenario. 
In the autumn of 2017 the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued rules (QFC Stay Rules) 
designed to improve the resolvability and resilience of U.S. global systemically important banking 
organizations (G-SIBs) and the U.S. operations of foreign G-SIBs, by mitigating the risk of destabilising 
closeouts of qualified financial contracts (QFCs) in resolution. Citigroup, Inc. and its subsidiaries are 
"covered entities" subject to the QFC Stay Rules and therefore in respect of each Series, each of the 
Dealer and/or any relevant Counterparty is likely to be a "covered entity" subject to the QFC Stay Rules. 
Each of the Dealer Agreement and any Charged Agreement is likely to qualify as a QFC (such 
agreements, Covered Instruments). 
The QFC Stay Rules seek to eliminate impediments to the orderly resolution of a G-SIB both in a scenario 
where resolution proceedings are instituted by the U.S. regulatory authorities under the U.S. Special 
Resolution Regimes as well as in a scenario where the G-SIB is resolved under ordinary insolvency 
proceedings. To address this, the QFC Stay Rules require covered entities to ensure that their QFCs 
subject to the QFC Stay Rules (i) contain an express contractual recognition of the statutory stay-and-
transfer provisions of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes and (ii) do not contain cross-default rights 
against the covered entity based on an affiliate becoming subject to any type of insolvency proceeding 
or restrictions on the transfer of any related credit enhancements (including a guaranty) issued by an 
affiliate of the covered entity following the affiliate's entry into insolvency proceedings.  
Acknowledgement of U.S. Special Resolution Regimes 
To address these requirements, each of the Dealer Agreement and any relevant Charged Agreement will 
contain an express contractual recognition that in the event the relevant Dealer and/or any relevant 
Counterparty, as applicable, becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, 
the transfer of the Covered Instruments will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be 
effective under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. In addition, each of the Dealer Agreement and any 
relevant Charged Agreement will contain an express contractual recognition that in the event the Dealer 
and/or any relevant Counterparty or any of their respective affiliates, as applicable, becomes subject to a 
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the Dealer and/or any such 
relevant Counterparty, as applicable, with respect to the Covered Instruments are permitted to be 
exercised to no greater extent than they could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. 
For these purposes, "default rights" include the right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate a QFC or 
demand payment or delivery thereunder, and may therefore include the right of the relevant Issuer to 
exercise such rights under the Dealer Agreement or any relevant Charged Agreement. 
Under current law, each of Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
as a non-U.S. entity, is not eligible to be placed into proceedings under the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes. However, Citibank, N.A. is a U.S. insured depository institution holding a national bank 
charter. Citibank, N.A. could be placed into proceedings under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act if 
certain determinations are made by the applicable U.S. regulatory authorities.  
Limitation on Transfer of Related Guarantees and Exercise of Cross-Default Rights in Charged 
Agreement

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
47
 
The Charged Agreements explicitly provide that any related guarantee or related credit enhancement 
provided by an affiliate of the Counterparty may be transferred to another entity as transferee upon or 
following such affiliate becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding. This is not limited to a proceeding 
under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes, and would also include, for example, a proceeding under 
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.  
In addition, the Charged Agreements explicitly provide that the relevant Issuer will not be permitted to 
exercise any default right with respect to the Charged Agreements that is related, directly or indirectly, 
to an affiliate of the Counterparty becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, subject to certain 
exceptions, including if the default right arises as a result of (i) the Counterparty becoming subject to an 
Insolvency Proceeding, (ii) the Counterparty not satisfying a payment or delivery obligation pursuant to 
such Charged Agreement, or (iii) the failure of the affiliate credit support provider of the Counterparty, 
or any transferee thereof, to satisfy a payment or delivery obligation pursuant to any related guarantee or 
related credit enhancement that supports the Charged Agreements. After an affiliate of the Counterparty 
becomes subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, the relevant Issuer shall have the burden of proof, by clear 
and convincing evidence, that the exercise of any such default right against the Counterparty is permitted 
under the Charged Agreements. 
Banking Act 2009 
The Banking Act 2009 (the Banking Act) includes provision for a special resolution regime (the SRR) 
pursuant to which specified UK authorities have extended tools to deal with the failure (or likely failure) 
of certain UK authorised and established entities including deposit-taking institutions and investment 
firms and powers to recognise and give effect to certain resolution actions in respect of EEA and third 
country institutions. A relevant transaction party for these purposes would include Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited. The tools available under the Banking Act may be used in respect of relevant 
institutions and, in certain circumstances, their UK established banking group companies. 
In general, the Banking Act requires the UK authorities to have regard to specified objectives in 
exercising the powers provided for by such act. One of the objectives (which is required to be balanced 
as appropriate with the other specified objectives) refers to the protection and enhancement of the 
stability of the financial system of the United Kingdom. The Banking Act includes provisions related to 
compensation in respect of instruments and orders made under it. In general, there is considerable 
uncertainty about the scope of the powers afforded to UK authorities under the Banking Act and how the 
authorities may choose to exercise them. 
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options and two special insolvency procedures (bank 
administration and bank insolvency) which may be commenced by HM Treasury, the Bank of England, 
the Prudential Regulation Authority or Secretary of State, as the case may be. The stabilisation options 
provide for: (i) private sector transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity; (ii) transfer of 
all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a bridge bank wholly owned by the Bank of England; 
(iii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity to an asset management vehicle owned 
and controlled by the Bank of England; (iv) writing down certain claims of unsecured creditors of the 
relevant entity and/or converting certain unsecured debt claims to equity, (the bail-in option), which 
equity could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution; and (v) temporary public 
ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of the relevant entity or any UK holding company. In each case, 
the UK authorities have wide powers under the Banking Act including powers to modify contractual 
arrangements in certain circumstances and powers for HM Treasury to disapply or modify laws (with 
possible retroactive effect) to enable the stabilisation powers under the Banking Act to be used 
effectively.  
It is possible that the stabilisation options described above could be used prior to the point at which an 
application for insolvency proceedings with respect to a relevant entity could be made and, in certain 
circumstances, the UK authorities may exercise broad pre-resolution powers in respect of relevant 
entities with a view to removing impediments to the exercise of the stabilisation tools. 
If an instrument or order were to be made under the provisions of the Banking Act currently in force in 
respect of Citigroup Global Markets Limited, such instrument or order may (amongst other things) affect 
the ability of such entity to satisfy its obligations under the Charged Agreement(s) and/or any other 
agreements or deeds in relation to the Securities (the Transaction Documents) and/or result in the 
cancellation, modification or conversion of certain unsecured liabilities of such entity under the

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
48
 
Transaction Document or other modifications to such documents. In particular, modifications may be 
made pursuant to powers permitting (i) certain trust arrangements to be removed or modified, (ii) 
contractual arrangements between relevant entities and other parties to be removed, modified or created 
where considered necessary to enable a transferee in the context of a property or share transfer to operate 
the transferred business effectively and (iii) in connection with the modification of an unsecured liability 
through use of the bail-in tool, the discharge of a relevant entity from further performance of its 
obligations under a contract. In addition, powers may apply to require a relevant instrument or order (and 
related events) to be disregarded in determining whether certain widely defined "default events" have 
occurred. As a result, the making of an instrument or order in respect of Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited may affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Securities. If 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited were required to make a partial transfer of the business of Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited to another entity, the quality of the assets and the quantum of the liabilities not 
transferred and remaining with Citigroup Global Markets Limited could result in a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness of Citigroup Global Markets Limited and, as a result, increase the risk that it will be 
unable to meet its obligations in respect of the Transaction Documents and/or eventually become subject 
to administration proceedings pursuant to the Banking Act. 
At present, the UK authorities have not made an instrument or order under the Banking Act in respect of 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited and there has been no indication that it will make any such instrument 
or order, but there can be no assurance that this will not change and/or that Securityholders will not be 
adversely affected by any such instrument or order if made. While there is provision for compensation 
in certain circumstances under the Banking Act, there can be no assurance that Securityholders would 
recover compensation promptly and equal to any loss actually incurred. 
Lastly, as a result of Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EEA-wide framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and any relevant national 
implementing measures, it is possible that an institution with its head office in an EEA state and/or certain 
group companies could be subject to certain resolution actions in that EEA state. Once again, any such 
action may affect the ability of any relevant entity to satisfy its obligations under the Securities and/or 
the Transaction Documents and there can be no assurance that Securityholders will not be adversely 
affected as a result. 
Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Securities 
and payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction  
An investment in Securities denominated in a Specified Currency and/or payable in a currency other than 
the currency of your jurisdiction (your currency) entails significant risks that are not associated with a 
similar investment in a security denominated in your currency. These risks include, but are not limited 
to: 
 
the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between your currency and 
the Specified Currency and/or payment currency; 
 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between your currency and the 
Specified Currency and/or payment currency resulting from the official redenomination or 
revaluation of the Specified Currency and/or payment currency; and 
 
the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either your 
jurisdiction or foreign governments. 
These risks generally depend on factors over which the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, any Issuer Credit 
Enhancer, any Counterparty, the Trustee and any Dealer have any control and which cannot be readily 
foreseen, such as economic and political events and the supply of, and demand for, the relevant 
currencies. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some foreign currencies in which the Securities may be 
denominated and/or payable have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Security. Depreciation of the 
Specified Currency and/or payment currency of a Security against your currency would result in a

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
49
 
decrease in the effective yield of such Security below its coupon rate (if applicable) and could result in a 
substantial loss to you in terms of your currency. 
Governments and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect applicable exchange rates as well as the availability of a Specified 
Currency and/or payment currency at the time of payment of any amounts on any Security. There can be 
no assurance that exchange controls will not restrict or prohibit payments under the Securities which are 
denominated in any such Specified Currency and/or payment currency. Even if there are no actual 
exchange controls, it is possible that a Specified Currency and/or payment currency would not be 
available to the relevant Issuer, any Issuer Credit Enhancer and/or any Counterparty when payments on 
a Security are due because of circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer. Any such restriction, 
prohibition or unavailability of the relevant currency may negatively affect the value of and return on the 
Securities, and could result in a substantial loss to you. 
The above risks may be increased if any Specified Currency and/or payment currency and/or your 
currency is the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction. 
The unavailability of currencies could result in a loss of value of the Securities and payments 
thereunder 
The currency in which payments on a Security are required to be made may be redenominated, for 
example, because such currency is: 
 
unavailable due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the 
Issuer's control; 
 
no longer used by the government of the country issuing the currency; or 
 
no longer used for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of the international 
banking community. 
Where the currency in which payments in respect of a Security is officially redenominated, other than as 
a result of Economic and Monetary Union, such as by an official redenomination of any such currency 
that is a composite currency, then the payment obligations of the relevant Issuer, any Issuer Credit 
Enhancer and/or any Counterparty on such Security immediately following the redenomination will be 
the amount of redenominated currency that represents the amount of the Issuer's obligations immediately 
before the redenomination.  
The Securities will not provide for any adjustment to any amount payable as a result of: 
 
any change in the value of the Specified Currency and/or payment currency of those Securities 
relative to any other currency due solely to fluctuations in exchange rates; or 
 
any redenomination of any component currency of any composite currency, unless that 
composite currency is itself officially redenominated. 
Accordingly, a currency redenomination may result in a material adverse loss of the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities contains provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders 
to consider matters which may have a general or specific effect upon their interests. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders, including those Securityholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting, and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities also provide that: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer may make, without the consent of the Securityholders but with the prior 
agreement of the Trustee, (i) any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Securities, the Trust Deed and/or the 
Charging Document (if any) or, in the case of modification, the Agency Agreement, the Charged

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
50
 
Agreements, the Custodial Services Agreement, the Collateral Services Agreement and/or the 
Credit Support Document (if any) and/or the Securities Guarantee (if any) which, in the opinion 
of the Trustee, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders (and, in the 
case of Securities of a Series comprising more than one Class of Securities, the holders of each 
class of Securities), provided however that no such modification shall be effective without the 
consent of the Counterparty (if any) (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) 
or (ii) any modification to any of the same which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest error; and 
(b) 
the relevant Counterparty may, for the purposes of causing the transactions contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents to comply or to continue to comply with, or to take into account, any 
relevant Regulatory Consequences or the occurrence of a Sanctions Event, direct the relevant 
Issuer to make amendment(s) to the Transaction Documents at any time, at such Counterparty's 
own expense, and without the need for the consent of any other party to such Transaction 
Documents. Provided that the relevant criteria have been satisfied, any such amendments shall 
be deemed not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders for the purpose 
of the Trustee giving its consent. 
Amendments in connection with Regulatory Consequences or Sanctions Event 
In respect of a Series of Securities, any Counterparty has the right to direct the relevant Issuer to make 
certain amendments (Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments) to the Charged Agreements (and any other 
Transaction Documents as required) for the purposes of causing the transactions contemplated therein to 
comply or to continue to comply with, or to take into account, any relevant Regulatory Consequences or 
Sanctions Event, provided, however, that no Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments shall apply if and to the 
extent that such amendments would be unenforceable by or in respect of any party by reason of breach 
of (i) any provision of Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 of 22 November 1996 (or any law or 
regulation implementing such Council Regulation in any member state of the European Union), (ii) any 
provision of Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 of 22 November 1996, as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) any similar blocking or anti-boycott law. Regulatory/Sanctions 
Amendments can also be made if required to ensure that each of the relevant Issuer and any other party 
to a Transaction Document would not be prevented from entering into a Charged Agreement or any other 
trading agreement in connection with such Series of Securities or any other Series of Securities whether 
now or in the future. 
The relevant Counterparty is also permitted to direct the relevant Issuer to make Regulatory/Sanctions 
Amendments to, where possible, allow the relevant Counterparty to continue to comply with applicable 
law, policy, regulation and guidance from time to time when performing its obligations under or in 
connection with the relevant Series of Securities or any other Series of Securities issued under the 
Programme. 
Any Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments shall be undertaken at the expense of the relevant Counterparty 
and shall be made without the need for the express consent of the Trustee or any other party to the 
Transaction Documents, provided that the relevant criteria have been satisfied. However, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments need not be beneficial to the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Securityholders and could put the relevant Issuer and/or the Securityholders in a position that 
is less advantageous than the position they had immediately prior to effecting such Regulatory/Sanctions 
Amendments (see for example, Risks related to qualified financial contracts). For the purpose of the 
Trustee giving its consent, any such amendments shall be deemed not to be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Securityholders and, provided certain criteria are met, the Trustee will be deemed to have 
consented to such Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments accordingly without the need for any further 
action. 
Certain considerations relating to public offers of Securities in the EEA  
As described in the applicable Final Terms, Securities that are not Exempt Securities may be distributed 
by means of a public offer made in the specified Member State(s) of the EEA during an offer period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. During such offer period, the Issuer and/or any other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms may reserve the right to cancel such offer and/or to scale back 
applications for such offer in the event of over-subscription or such other circumstances as are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. In such circumstances, an applicant investor may not be issued any

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
51
 
Securities or may be issued a number of Securities which is less than the amount for which such applicant 
investor applied. Any payments made by an applicant investor or, in the case of public offers in Italy any 
amount segregated by a distributor as intended payment of the offer price by an applicant investor, for 
Securities that are not issued to such applicant investor for any such reason will be refunded. However, 
there will be a time lag in making any reimbursement, no interest or compensation will be payable in 
respect of any such amounts and the applicant investor may be subject to reinvestment risk.  
In addition, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the 
offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving 
notice to the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur, 
even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), has not been reached and, in such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have 
an impact on the aggregate number of Securities issued. This may in turn have an adverse effect on the 
liquidity of the relevant Securities, with the result that you may not be able to sell the Securities prior to 
the maturity date or, if you can, that you may only be able to do so for a loss. 
Further, you should note that, in certain circumstances, Securities may not be issued on the originally 
designated issue date, for example because either the Issuer and/or any other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms has reserved the right to postpone such issue date or, following the publication 
of a supplement to this Base Prospectus the Issuer has decided to postpone such issue date to allow 
investors who had made applications to subscribe for Securities before the date of publication of such 
Supplement to exercise their right to withdraw their acceptances. In the event that the issue date is so 
delayed, no interest shall accrue (if applicable) until the issue date of the Securities and no compensation 
shall be payable. 
Certain risks relating to public offers of the Securities in Italy 
You should note that the applicable Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of an offer of 
Securities in the Republic of Italy will be conditional upon admission to listing (in the case of a regulated 
market) or to trading (in the case of a multilateral trading facility) occurring by the issue date. In such 
case, in the event that such admission to listing or, as the case may be, trading of the Securities does not 
take place by the issue date for whatever reason, the Issuer will withdraw the offer, the offer will be 
deemed to be null and void and the relevant Securities will not be issued. As a consequence, you will not 
receive any Securities, any subscription rights you have for the Securities will be cancelled and you will 
not be entitled to any compensation therefor. 
If the Securities are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will 
have the right to withdraw or revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according 
to the terms indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the offer 
early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to 
the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where 
the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the 
aggregate number of Securities issued and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the 
Securities. Furthermore, in such circumstances, investors who have already paid or delivered 
subscription monies for the relevant Securities will be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but 
will not receive any remuneration that may have accrued in the period between their payment or delivery 
of subscription monies and the reimbursement of the Securities. 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Securities is 
conditional upon admission to trading on the relevant multilateral trading facility indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, occurring by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to trading 
of the Securities does not take place by the Issue Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the 
offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void and the relevant Securities will not be issued. As a 
consequence, the potential investor will not receive any Securities, any subscription rights the potential 
investor has for the Securities will be cancelled and they will not be entitled to any compensation therefor.

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS 
52
 
Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or to postpone the originally designated 
issue date, and related interest payment dates. 
The issue price and/or offer price of the Securities may include subscription fees, placement fees, 
direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees and/or costs may not be taken 
into account for the purposes of determining the price of such Securities on the secondary market and 
could result in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the 
Securities, and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any 
such difference may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities, particularly immediately 
following the offer and the issue date relating to such Securities, where any such fees and/or costs may 
be deducted from the price at which such Securities can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary 
market. 
Determinations and potential conflicts of interest 
The terms of the Securities confer on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and certain other persons some 
discretion in making judgements, determinations and calculations in relation to the Securities including, 
inter alia, Underlying(s) and the occurrence of various events. The Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such 
other persons will act in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion or in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), but there can be no 
assurance that the exercise of any such discretion will not affect the value of the Securities or result in 
the occurrence of an early repayment at an amount less than an investor's initial investment. 
Where the Calculation Agent and/or the Redemption Agent (if any) is an affiliate of the Dealer, any 
Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer and/or any Credit Support Provider, potential conflicts of 
interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and/or the Redemption Agent (if any) and 
Securityholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation 
Agent or the Redemption Agent, as the case may be, may make pursuant to the Securities that may 
influence the amount receivable or specified assets deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
The Dealer, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer and/or any Credit Support Provider and/or 
any of their affiliates may be the sponsor of an Underlying and may publish values or prices in respect 
of an Underlying and may also from time to time engage in transactions involving Underlying(s) for their 
proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management, subject to requirements of all 
applicable laws and regulations. The Dealer, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer and/or any 
Credit Support Provider and/or their affiliates may issue other derivative instruments in respect of any 
Underlying(s). The Dealer, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer and/or any Credit Support 
Provider and/or their affiliates may also act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of shares 
or other securities related to an issue of Securities or may act as financial adviser to certain companies 
or companies whose securities are Underlying(s) in respect of one or more issues of Securities or in a 
commercial banking capacity for such companies. These activities may have a positive or negative effect 
on the value of the relevant Underlying(s) and consequently upon the value of the Securities. 
The Issuers, any Dealer, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer, any Credit Support Provider 
and/or any of their affiliates may at the date hereof or at any time hereafter, be in possession of 
information in relation to an Underlying that is or may be material in the context of the Securities and 
may or may not be publicly available to Securityholders. There is no obligation on any such person to 
disclose to any potential investors in Securities or to Securityholders any such information. 
The Issuers, any Dealer, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer, any Credit Support Provider 
and/or any of their affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with the issuer of, or other 
entity associated with, any Underlying(s) (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk 
management, advisory and banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it 
deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to 
the consequences for a Securityholder. 
Where Securities are offered to the public, as the relevant Manager(s)/Dealer and any distributors act 
pursuant to a mandate granted by the relevant Issuer and, in the case of a distributor, the Dealer as the 
case may be and they receive fees on the basis of the services performed and the outcome of the 
placement of such Securities, potential conflicts of interest could arise.

--- Page 79 ---
RISK FACTORS 
53
 
Realisation Disruption 
If "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a Realisation 
Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, either (i) an event which imposes restrictions or taxes, 
charges or deductions in respect of the Securities and/or on hedging arrangements in respect of the 
Securities which would materially restrict, or materially increase the cost of, the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities or the Counterparty's obligations under any applicable Charged Agreement or 
materially restrict, or materially increase the cost of, any Hedging Party's obligations under any such 
hedging arrangements, or (ii) the occurrence or existence of any event which either materially restricts 
the exchange, delivery or transfer of the currency of payment of the Securities or under any applicable 
Charged Agreement or of any hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities or restricts the 
determination of any exchange rate in relation to any such currency), then either (a) the terms and 
conditions of the Securities (including any payment or delivery obligations) may be adjusted in order to 
reflect the economic effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (b) the Issuer may redeem 
the Securities.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to): (i) payments under 
the Securities being made in a different currency to the previously specified payment currency of the 
Securities; (ii) deduction of applicable taxes, charges or deductions from payments due in respect of the 
Securities resulting in reduced amounts paid in respect of the Securities or delivery of any Entitlement 
being subject to payment by the relevant Securityholder of an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any 
such tax, charge or deduction; (iii) delay of payments or deliveries in respect of the Securities until the 
relevant restrictions are lifted; (iv) determination of relevant exchange rates by the Calculation Agent 
taking into consideration all available information that it deems relevant, which may result in a different 
rate to that which would have applied had the Realisation Disruption Event not occurred; and (v) (where 
legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect of the Securities, procuring the physical 
delivery of any Underlying(s) (or vice versa). Any of the above adjustments could produce a materially 
different redemption to that originally anticipated in respect of the Securities and could have a material 
adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed early pursuant to (b) of the first paragraph above, the Issuer will pay to 
you, as a holder of such Securities, an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation Disruption). 
Counterparty Regulatory Event  
If Counterparty Regulatory Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Counterparty Regulatory Event occurs (being, in summary, a change in law after the Trade Date in 
respect of the Securities which results in the Counterparty (i) becoming subject to materially less 
favourable capital adequacy treatment, (ii) suffering any materially increased costs in connection with 
the hedging of the Securities or costs in maintaining any applicable capital reserves the Counterparty 
incurs with respect to the transactions entered into with the relevant Issuer or (iii) being materially 
restricted from performing any of its obligations under the Securities, as applicable), the relevant 
Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of such Securities.   
If the Securities are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an 
amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms or such other 
amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
An Underlying RMB Currency Event refers to the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Inconvertibility, 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability or Underlying RMB Illiquidity (each, as defined in the Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions). If "Underlying RMB Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and if such event occurs, the Calculation Agent may direct the Issuer to exercise 
its option to (a) postpone any payment in RMB due under the Securities to a later date (being 10 Business 
Days following the date on which such Underlying RMB Currency Event ceases to exist); or (b) replace

--- Page 80 ---
RISK FACTORS 
54
 
the Issuer's obligation to pay in RMB by an obligation to pay such amount in the RMB Relevant Currency 
converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date. Alternatively, the Issuer 
may early redeem each Security at its Early Redemption Amount.  
In case of (a) or (b), investors may receive a late payment or depending on the conversion rate that is 
applied, a payment less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Securities. If the Securities 
are early redeemed pursuant to (b), the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or such other amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid 
to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(k) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency 
Event). 
Section 871(m) Event  
In circumstances that constitute a "Section 871(m) Event" (being the occurrence at any time of 
circumstances in which the Issuer and/or save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 
871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, any Hedging Party is (or, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer 
and/or save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not 
applicable, any Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant 
to Section 871(m) (as defined in "Risks related to the United States federal income tax treatment") with 
respect to the relevant Securities and/or, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 
871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, any underlying Hedging Positions), if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an Early Redemption Event will occur in which case the relevant Securities 
may be early redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of such Securities. 
If the Securities are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an 
amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could lose some or all of 
your investment. 
Risks related to the United States federal income tax treatment  
The U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the Securities are unclear 
Due to the lack of controlling legal authority, the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the 
Securities are unclear. As a result, there is a risk that payments on the Securities may be subject to 
withholding tax. Moreover, an investor may be required to provide certification or other documentary 
evidence of its status as a non-U.S. person as a condition precedent to payment without withholding. If 
withholding applies to the Securities, the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts so withheld, and an investor may therefore receive a substantially 
reduced return on the Securities as compared to the return the investor would receive in the absence of 
such withholding.    
Persons considering an investment in the Securities should review carefully the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Taxation of Securities — Certain United States Federal Tax Considerations" and 
consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the Securities 
(including possible alternative treatments), as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any 
state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction. 
The Securities are not intended for U.S. persons 
The Securities are not permitted to be sold to or purchased by U.S. persons for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The tax consequences arising from ownership and disposition of the Securities by such U.S. 
persons are likely to be adverse.  
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (Section 871(m)) impose a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty

--- Page 81 ---
RISK FACTORS 
55
 
rate) withholding tax on certain "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders (as 
defined under "Taxation of Securities — Certain United States Federal Tax Considerations" in this Base 
Prospectus) with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include 
U.S. equities. This withholding regime generally applies to Securities that substantially replicate the 
economic performance of one or more underlying U.S. equities, as determined based on one of two tests 
set forth in the regulations. However, based on an Internal Revenue Service (IRS) notice, Securities 
issued prior to 2027 will generally be subject to withholding tax only if they have a "delta" of one with 
respect to the relevant underlying U.S. equity. Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the 
fair market value of a financial instrument to a small change in the fair market value of the number of 
shares of the underlying U.S. equity. The regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding 
regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set 
forth in the regulations as well as instruments linked to securities that track such indices. The relevant 
Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under Section 
871(m), and an investor may therefore receive a substantially reduced return on the Securities as 
compared to the return the investor would receive in the absence of such withholding.  
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential 
application of Section 871(m) to a particular Security. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined under 
"Valuation and Settlement Schedule—Definitions") occurs, an Early Redemption Event will occur, in 
which case the relevant Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of 
such Securities. 
Risks relating to inflation 
Inflation is the general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money over time. Due to the 
impact of inflation, the same amount of money will buy fewer goods and services over time.  
The real return (or yield) on an investment in Securities will be reduced by inflation. Consequently, the 
higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a security will be. If the inflation rate is equal to 
or greater than the yield under a security, the real yield a holder of such security will achieve will be zero 
or even negative. Accordingly, inflation may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities, and you should consider the potential impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation is 
anticipated to rise over the term of the Securities) before purchasing Securities.  
Relatedly, if the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities provide that some or all of the principal 
shall be repaid at maturity, such scheduled principal repayment will not provide any protection from the 
effect of inflation over time and it may still be the case that the return on such Securities adjusted for 
inflation could be negative. 
With regard to risks of Securities linked to one or more Inflation Indices, see "Risks associated with 
Securities linked to Inflation Indices". 
RISKS RELATING TO SECURITIES LINKED TO UNDERLYING(S) 
General risks relating to Securities linked to Underlying(s) 
An investment in Securities linked to Underlying(s) has significant risks that are not associated with a 
similar investment in a conventional security (e.g. a debt instrument that has a pre-determined specified 
principal amount, is denominated in your currency and bears interest at either a fixed or a floating rate 
based on nationally published interest rate references), as amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of 
such Securities are linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
The risks associated with a particular Security linked to Underlying(s) will depend on factors over which 
neither of the Issuers, Arranger, Credit Enhancer (if any), Counterparty (if any) nor the Trustee and any 
Dealer has any control and which cannot readily be foreseen, and the return on Securities linked to 
Underlying(s) may attract certain of the same risks as an actual investment in the relevant Underlying(s). 
These risks include economic and political events and the supply of, and demand for, any relevant 
Underlying(s).

--- Page 82 ---
RISK FACTORS 
56
 
Each of these risks may have an impact on the level, price, rate or other applicable value of an Underlying, 
which may go down as well as up throughout the term of the Securities, and such fluctuations may affect 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
Furthermore, in recent years, prices for various Underlying(s) have been highly volatile. Such volatility 
may be expected in the future. Fluctuations in the rates, levels or prices that have occurred in the past are 
not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Securities 
linked to Underlying(s). 
In addition, the value of any relevant Underlying(s) may be determined or published by either Issuer or 
an affiliate of any such entity or determined or published by third parties or entities which are not subject 
to regulation under the laws of the United States, the EEA or the United Kingdom.  
The risk of loss as a result of linking principal, interest and/or termination payments to Underlying(s) 
can be substantial and the payment of principal, interest and/or termination amounts may be contingent 
on the occurrence of certain events in respect of Underlying(s) which may not occur.  
No rights of ownership in Underlying(s) 
The Securities do not create an actual interest in, or ownership of, the relevant Underlying(s). Except in 
certain circumstances where the Securities are Physical Settlement Securities, a Security will not 
represent a claim against any Underlying and, in the event that the amount paid on redemption of the 
Securities is less than the nominal amount of the Securities, you, as a Securityholder, will not have 
recourse under any relevant Security to any security indices, inflation indices, commodity indices, 
commodities, shares, depositary receipts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, currencies, proprietary 
indices, dividend futures contracts, interest rates or other items which may comprise the relevant 
Underlying(s) in respect of such Securities. The exposure to the relevant Underlying(s) is notional and 
an investment in the Securities is not an investment in the relevant Underlying(s). Although the 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s) will have an effect on the Securities, the relevant 
Underlying(s) and the Securities are separate obligations of different legal entities. You will have no 
legal or beneficial interest in the relevant Underlying(s). Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on 
the Securities than you would have received had you invested directly in the Underlying(s) or through 
another product. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Security Indices 
The level of a Security Index is generally based on the value of the component securities of that index 
(component securities) although the level of a Security Index may not include the reinvestment of the 
yield on the component securities. Global economic, financial and political developments, among other 
things, may have a material effect on the value of the component securities and/or the performance of a 
Security Index, and this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
The risks of a particular Security linked to a Security Index will depend on the terms of that Security. 
Such risks may include the possibility of significant changes in: 
 
the prices of the component securities and the weighting of each component security within the 
relevant index or indices; 
 
other objective prices; and 
 
economic or other measures making up the relevant Security Index or indices. 
Market volatility reflects the degree of instability and expected instability of the performance of a 
Security Index and the component securities. The level of market volatility is largely determined by the 
prices for financial instruments supposed to protect you against such market volatility. The prices of 
these instruments are determined by forces of supply and demand in the options and derivative markets 
generally. These forces are, themselves, affected by factors such as actual market volatility, expected 
volatility, economic factors and speculation. In recent years, currency exchange rates and prices for 
component securities have been highly volatile. Such volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations in the rates or prices that have occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, 
of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Security relating to Security Indices.

--- Page 83 ---
RISK FACTORS 
57
 
The above factors may have an effect on the performance of a Security Index, and this may in turn affect 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
You should note that any dividends, other distributions assets and/or amounts paid to holders of the 
component securities will not be paid to the Issuer or to the holders of Securities. The return on Securities 
will thus not reflect any such assets and/or amounts which would otherwise be paid to investors that have 
made a direct investment in any such component securities. Consequently, the return on Securities may 
be less than the return from a direct investment in any such component securities. 
In considering whether to purchase Securities relating to Security Indices, you should be aware that the 
calculation of amounts payable or, as applicable, assets due on Securities relating to Security Indices 
may involve reference to: 
 
an index determined by an affiliate of the Issuer and/or Citigroup Inc. and/or any Counterparty; 
or 
 
prices that are published solely by third parties or entities which are not regulated by the laws 
of the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom or the jurisdiction of the particular investor. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to a Security Index than you would 
have received if you had invested in the components of such index directly or in another product. 
See "Underlying Schedule 1 – Security Index Conditions" for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Securities linked to Security Indices. 
The type and rules of the Security Index (or Security Indices) to which the Securities are linked may 
have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities 
Price Return and Total Return Indices 
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant Security Index may stipulate that 
dividends paid on its components are included in the calculation of the index level (a "total return" index) 
or are not included in the calculation of the index level (a "price return" index). 
Where Securities are linked to a "price return" index, holders of the Securities will not participate in 
dividends paid on the components comprising the Security Index. As a result, holders of Securities linked 
to such Security Index would lose the benefit of any dividends paid by the components of the Security 
Index and such Securities may not perform as well as a position where such holder had invested directly 
in such components or where they invested in a "total return" version of the Security Index, or in another 
product.  
In the case of Securities linked to a "total return" index, net dividends (in the case of a "net total return" 
index) or gross dividends (in the case of a "gross total return" index) paid on its components are included 
in the calculation of the index level. In the case of a "net total return" index, dividends paid on its 
components may not be fully reinvested in the Security Index and accordingly, you may receive a lower 
return on Securities linked to such Security Index than you would have received if you had invested in 
the components of such Security Index directly or in another product.  
Decrement Indices 
If the Security Index has a "decrement" feature, the return on such Security Index will be calculated by 
reinvesting net dividends or gross dividends (depending on the type and rules of such Security Index) 
paid by its components and by subtracting on a daily basis a pre-defined amount (a Synthetic Dividend). 
The Synthetic Dividend may be defined as a percentage of the index level or as a fixed number of index 
points. Investors should note that any of the following factors, where applicable, could adversely affect 
the value of and return on Securities linked to a "decrement" index: 
 
A Security Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform a "total return" index that is 
used as a base index to calculate such Security Index since the latter is calculated without the 
deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. Similarly, where such Security Index tracks the performance 
of a single component security, the Security Index will underperform a direct investment in such

--- Page 84 ---
RISK FACTORS 
58
 
component security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component 
security without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. 
 
A Security Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform the corresponding "price return" 
index if the amount of dividends paid by the components of such Security Index is less than the 
amount of the Synthetic Dividend deducted. Where such Security Index tracks the performance 
of a single component security, the Security Index will underperform a direct investment in such 
component security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component 
security without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. 
 
Where the Synthetic Dividend is defined as a fixed number of index points (as opposed to a 
percentage of the index level), the Synthetic Dividend yield (calculated as the ratio of the fixed 
index point decrement to the relevant decrement index level) will increase in a falling equities 
market as the Synthetic Dividend is a fixed amount. In such scenario, the fixed deduction will 
have a greater negative impact on the index level of the relevant Security Index than if the 
Synthetic Dividend was defined as a percentage of the index level. It is even possible that in a 
steeply falling market scenario the index level could become negative, since the amount of 
decrement expressed in index points will not vary with the level of the decrement index. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Security Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Security Indices include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Security Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Security Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's and/or Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of 
the Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, (b) such Security Index (i) not being calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant 
index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant 
index sponsor or (ii) being replaced by a successor index, or (c) any Additional Disruption Event 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the Security Index that is the subject of the 
Adjustment Event with a new Security Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level 
of such Security Index or, if the Securities are Exempt Securities, a Security Index selected by reference 
to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may 
include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such 
Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable 
in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment 
can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Security Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case 
if applicable, in respect of a Security Index, the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will make a 
material change to a relevant Security Index, the index sponsor permanently cancelling the index and no 
successor index existing or the index sponsor or any other person or entity acting on its behalf failing to 
calculate and announce the relevant index), then the Calculation Agent may determine whether such 
Security Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant Securities and, if so, shall either 
(A) calculate the relevant level of such Security Index in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the relevant Security Index last in effect prior to the applicable change, cancellation or failure

--- Page 85 ---
RISK FACTORS 
59
 
and/or (B) substitute the affected Security Index with a replacement index using, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of the level of such Security Index or, in the case of Exempt Securities, a Security Index 
selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and 
determine any adjustment necessary to the terms of the Securities to account for such substitution and/or 
(C) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Security Index Adjustment Event. Any such calculation, substitution and/or 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Security Index Adjustment 
Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.  
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Security Index 
Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you may be less 
than your initial investment and you may therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Inflation Indices 
The risks of a particular Security relating to Inflation Indices will depend on the terms of that Security. 
Many economic and market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of 
Securities relating to Inflation Indices, including general economic, financial, political or regulatory 
conditions and/or events; and/or fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy 
resources (including in response to supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or the level of inflation 
in the economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. In particular, the level of an Inflation 
Index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial markets. Any such factor may either 
offset or magnify one or more of the other factors. 
The performance of an Inflation Index will affect the amounts payable in respect of Securities relating to 
Inflation Indices and may result in investors receiving less than their original investment and/or no return 
on their investment, or in certain circumstances zero. 
The rate of interest (if any) payable in respect of Inflation Index-linked interest Securities will vary for 
each interest payment due and may be less than that which would be payable on a conventional fixed 
rate, non-callable debt security of the Issuer of comparable maturity. 
See "Underlying Schedule 2 – Inflation Index Conditions" for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Securities linked to Inflation Indices. 
Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Inflation Indices 
If an underlying closing level for an Inflation Index for a specified reference month has not been 
published or announced by five business days prior to the relevant payment date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a substitute index level. Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Inflation Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect 
of the Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or (b) the imposition of increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such index on the

--- Page 86 ---
RISK FACTORS 
60
 
Issuer, the Counterparty (if any) and/or any of its affiliates by the relevant index sponsor which the 
Calculation Agent deems material), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to 
Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then any 
revision to an underlying closing level of an Inflation Index occurring before the relevant revision cut-
off date shall be considered final and conclusive for the purpose of any determination made in respect of 
the Securities. If "No Revision" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (or if "Revision" 
is not specified as applicable) then the first publication and announcement of an underlying closing level 
for such Inflation Index shall be final and conclusive. Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the index sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected an underlying closing level for such index to correct 
a manifest error no later than the earlier to occur of the relevant manifest error cut-off date and thirty 
calendar days following the first publication and announcement of such level, then the Calculation Agent 
may use the corrected level of such Inflation Index for the purposes of any calculation in respect of the 
relevant payment date. In the event of inconsistency between a revision and a manifest error correction, 
the manifest error correction shall prevail. Any such adjustment (or absence of an adjustment, for the 
purpose of the Securities) to any level of an Inflation Index may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (a) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months and/or (b) the relevant index sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index and/or (c) the relevant index sponsor cancels 
such Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent may replace the originally designated Inflation Index 
with a successor index. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities 
and, if no successor index can be determined, then an Early Redemption Event shall occur with respect 
to the Securities. 
If an index sponsor announces, in respect of an Inflation Index, that it will make a material change to a 
relevant Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make such consequential adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities as are consistent with any adjustment made to any relevant fallback bond or as 
are necessary for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index for the purpose of the 
Securities. Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, then an Early Redemption 
Event shall occur with respect to the Securities. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
material change to a relevant Inflation Index, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may 
be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities 
are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with 
the method specified in applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss.  
Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodity Indices  
The level of a Commodity Index is generally based on the value of the commodities and/or other 
securities comprised in that Commodity Index and, as such, if investing in Securities relating to 
Commodity Indices you should also read "Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodities" 
below.

--- Page 87 ---
RISK FACTORS 
61
 
Global economic, financial and political developments, among other things, may have a material effect 
on the value of the commodities and/or futures contracts comprising a Commodity Index and/or the 
performance of such index, and this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
The risks of a particular Security relating to a Commodity Index will depend on the terms of that Security. 
Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the prices of the 
commodities and/or futures underlying the relevant index or indices; another objective price; and 
economic or other measures making up the relevant index or indices. 
The above factors may have an effect on the performance of a Commodity Index, and this may in turn 
affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 3 (Commodity Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Commodity Indices. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Commodity Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Commodity Indices include provisions dealing with 
the postponement of a Valuation Date or postponement of the valuation of a component of a Commodity 
Index due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any alternative provisions for 
valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an adverse effect on the value 
of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Commodity Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Commodity Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect 
of the Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, (b) such Commodity Index (i) not being calculated and announced by or on behalf of the 
relevant index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the 
relevant index sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) being replaced by a successor index, 
(c) the imposition of increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such index on the Issuer, the 
Counterparty (if any) and/or any of their affiliates by the relevant index sponsor which the Calculation 
Agent deems material, or (d) the imposition of, change in or removal of any tax relating to any component 
of such Commodity Index or commodity relating to such component (if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) which the Calculation Agent deems material), then the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to 
account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the Commodity 
Index that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new Commodity Index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Commodity Index or, in the case of Exempt 
Securities, a Commodity Index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, 
adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited 
to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased 
costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event 
shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Commodity Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each 
case if applicable, in respect of a Commodity Index, the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will 
make a material change to a relevant Commodity Index, the index sponsor permanently cancelling the 
index and no successor index existing or the index sponsor or any other person or entity on its behalf 
failing to calculate and announce the relevant index), then the Calculation Agent may determine whether 
such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant Securities and, if so, shall

--- Page 88 ---
RISK FACTORS 
62
 
either (A) calculate the relevant level of such Commodity Index in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the relevant Commodity Index last in effect prior to the applicable change, 
cancellation or failure and/or (B) substitute the affected Commodity Index with a replacement index 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Commodity Index or, in the case of 
Exempt Securities, a Commodity Index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and determine any adjustment necessary to the terms of the Securities to 
account for such substitution and/or (C) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event. Any such calculation, substitution and/or adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably 
so be made, such Commodity Index Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more 
fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, 
the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could 
be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodities 
Movements in the price of any relevant Commodities may be subject to significant fluctuations that may 
not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant price of a Commodity or Commodities may affect the actual yield of the Securities, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or prices 
of the Commodities, the greater the effect on yield of the Securities. 
Commodity futures markets are highly volatile. Commodity markets are influenced by, among other 
things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and 
trade programmes and policies designed to influence commodity prices, world political and economic 
events, and changes in interest rates. Moreover, investments in futures and options contracts involve 
additional risks including, without limitation, leverage (margin is usually a percentage of the face value 
of the contract and exposure can be nearly unlimited). A holder of a futures position may find such 
position becomes illiquid because certain commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in certain futures 
contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as "daily price fluctuation limits" or "daily 
limits". Under such daily limits, during a single trading day no trades may be executed at prices beyond 
the daily limits. Once the price of a contract for a particular future has increased or decreased by an 
amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the future can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders 
are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating 
unfavourable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various 
Commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no 
trading. Similar occurrences could prevent the liquidation of unfavourable positions and could therefore 
have a material adverse impact on value of and return on the Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 4 (Commodity Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Commodities. 
Risk related to the possible rolling mechanism of commodity futures contracts 
The yield on Securities relating to Commodities may not perfectly correlate to the trend in the price of 
the underlying Commodities as the use of such future commodity contracts generally involves a rolling 
mechanism. This means that the commodity futures contracts which expire prior to the relevant payment 
date under the relevant Securities are replaced with future commodity contracts that have a later expiry 
date. You may therefore only marginally benefit from any rise/fall in prices on such Commodities. 
You should also consider that the relevant commodity futures contract(s) could have a trend which differs 
significantly from that of the relevant commodity spot market(s). The trend in the price of a commodity

--- Page 89 ---
RISK FACTORS 
63
 
futures contracts compared to the underlying Commodity is closely linked to the present and future level 
of the production of the underlying Commodity or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly 
in the case of energy Commodities. In addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract may 
not be considered an accurate prediction of a market price, since it also includes the so-called "carrying 
costs" (such as, for example, warehouse costs, insurance covering the goods, transportation etc.), which 
also contribute toward the determination of the price of the commodity futures contracts. These factors 
which directly influence the Commodities prices substantially explain the imperfect correlation between 
the commodity spot markets and the commodity futures contracts. Accordingly, you may receive a lower 
return on Securities linked to one or more commodity futures contracts than you would have received if 
you had invested in relevant commodity spot market(s) or in another related product. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Commodities 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Commodities include alternative provisions for 
valuation and/or provisions dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day, such alternative provisions for valuation or postponement may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Commodities in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Commodity 
(being, in each case if applicable, the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying 
hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging 
position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the 
Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the 
Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in 
the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect 
on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) the occurrence of a disruption event and any relevant disruption fallbacks fail (or are deemed 
to fail) to provide a relevant price in respect of a Commodity and a valuation date, (c) any Additional 
Early Redemption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms (being an "abandonment of scheme" in 
relation to Commodities that are emissions) or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, any other event 
specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement, (d) a Section 871(m) Event or (e) a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the 
Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay each Securityholder an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could 
therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Shares  
Securities linked to Shares will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and will not give rise to any 
obligations of any share company, and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such share 
company.  
No issuer of such Shares will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, the Counterparty (if any) and any Dealer 
will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the information 
concerning any such issuer of Shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which

--- Page 90 ---
RISK FACTORS 
64
 
such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior 
to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly 
available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the 
trading price of the Share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or 
the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of Shares could 
affect the trading price of the Shares and therefore the trading price of the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Settlement Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Shares to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, in relation 
to Exempt Securities and if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Securityholders may be 
entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, distributions or other 
payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant Shares. The return on such Securities may 
thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct 
investment in the relevant Shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to Shares may be less 
than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to Shares will depend on the terms of that Security. Such risks may 
include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the Share or Shares. 
The value of Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any Share on any date may not reflect 
its performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any Share or of 
the continued existence of any Share or share company. Accordingly, before making an investment 
decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and 
price volatility of the relevant Shares, as this may affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Shares over a period of time and to Shares, the issuer(s) of which are 
incorporated outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Shares than you would 
have received if you had invested directly in the Shares or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 5 (Share Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Shares. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to Shares include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Share (being, in each 
case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
and/or Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or the 
applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) a 
corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, tender offer (and/or, in the case of 
a Stapled Share, any Component Share Additional Adjustment Event or De-stapling Event specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) and/or any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the 
Calculation Agent may replace the Share that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new Share 
selected by the Calculation Agent from an applicable reference index or otherwise selected by the 
Calculation Agent (regardless of whether such new Share is a Stapled Share) (and/or, in the case of a 
Stapled Share, the Calculation Agent may replace any Component Share of the Stapled Share with a new

--- Page 91 ---
RISK FACTORS 
65
 
Component Share selected by the Calculation Agent (regardless of whether such new Component Share 
is contained in a relevant reference index)) or, in the case of Exempt Securities, selected by reference to 
such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, 
in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have 
an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Depositary Receipts 
Securities linked to Depositary Receipts will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and will not give rise 
to any obligations of any depositary or any underlying share company, and accordingly you will have no 
recourse against any such depositary or underlying share company.  
No issuer of such Depositary Receipts or any underlying shares related to such Depositary Receipts will 
have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the 
Securities and none of the Issuer, the Counterparty (if any) and any Dealer will make any investigation 
or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any depositary or 
any related underlying share company contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which 
such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior 
to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly 
available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the 
trading price of the Depositary Receipt or the underlying share will have been publicly disclosed. 
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events 
concerning such depositary or underlying share company could affect the trading price of the Depositary 
Receipts and therefore the trading price of the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Settlement Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares to which such Securities 
relate notwithstanding that, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, in relation to Exempt 
Securities only, Securityholders may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the 
amount of dividends, distributions or other payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant 
Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares. The return on such Securities may thus not reflect any 
dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct investment in the 
relevant Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
Depositary Receipts may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Depositary 
Receipts and/or underlying shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to Depositary Receipts will depend on the terms of that Security. Such 
risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the 
Depositary Receipts. The value of Depositary Receipts may go down as well as up and the value of any 
Depositary Receipt on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be no 
assurance as to the future value of any Depositary Receipts or of the continued existence of any 
depositary and/or underlying share company. Accordingly, before making an investment decision with 
respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility 
of Depositary Receipts and relevant underlying shares, as this may affect the value of and return on the 
Securities.

--- Page 92 ---
RISK FACTORS 
66
 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Depositary Receipts and the related underlying shares over a period of time 
and to Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares, the issuer(s) of which are incorporated outside the 
United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Depositary Receipts 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Depositary Receipts or in another 
product. 
See Underlying Schedule 6 (Depositary Receipt Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Depositary Receipts. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Depositary Receipts 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities include provisions dealing with the postponement of a 
Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any alternative 
provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Depositary Receipt 
and/or an underlying share (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change 
in law affecting any underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring 
or disposing of any hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) 
or materially increasing the Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its 
obligations in respect of the Securities, the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or 
an Increased Cost of Hedging or (b) a corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, 
nationalisation, tender offer, written instructions being given by an underlying share company to the 
relevant depositary to withdraw or surrender underlying shares or the termination of a relevant deposit 
agreement and/or any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the 
Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may 
replace the Depositary Receipt and/or the underlying share that is the subject of the Adjustment Event 
with a new Depositary Receipt selected by the Calculation Agent (referencing, where "same underlying 
share and currency" is specified as the Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the same underlying share and denominated in the same currency as the previous Depositary 
Receipt (and, if no such Depositary Receipt is selected or available, then the underlying share shall be 
substituted and a new Depositary Receipt selected in respect of such new underlying share) or, in the 
case of Exempt Securities only, in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) and/or a new share selected by the Calculation Agent from an applicable reference index, 
or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, in accordance with the criteria (if any) specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but 
not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any 
such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 93 ---
RISK FACTORS 
67
 
Risks associated with Securities linked to ETF Shares  
Securities linked to ETF Shares will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and will not give rise to any 
obligations of the issuer of any ETF Shares, and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such 
issuer. 
No issuer of ETF Shares will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, the Counterparty (if any) and any Dealer 
will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the information 
concerning any such issuer of ETF Shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which 
such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior 
to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly 
available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the 
trading price of the ETF Share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such 
events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of ETF 
Shares could affect the trading price of the ETF Share and therefore the trading price of the relevant 
Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Settlement Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant ETF Shares to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, if so 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in relation to Exempt Securities only, Securityholders 
may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, distributions or 
other payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant ETF Shares. The return on such 
Securities may thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you 
had made a direct investment in relevant ETF Shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
ETF Shares may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant ETF Shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to ETF Shares will depend on the terms of that Security. Such risks may 
include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the ETF Shares. 
The value of ETF Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any ETF Share on any date may 
not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any 
ETF Share or of the continued existence of any ETF Share or the issuer of such ETF Share. Accordingly, 
before making an investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among 
other matters, the value and price volatility of ETF Shares, as this may affect the value of and return on 
the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more ETF Shares over a period of time and to ETF Shares, the issuer(s) of which 
are established outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more ETF Shares than you 
would have received if you had invested directly in the ETF Shares or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 7 (Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Share Conditions) for the specific terms and 
conditions in respect of Securities linked to ETF Shares. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
ETF Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to ETF Shares include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an ETF Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms. While ETF Shares are traded on an exchange and are therefore valued in a similar manner as a 
Share traded on an exchange, the Adjustment Events in relation to Securities linked to ETF Shares 
include certain adjustments which would be applicable to Securities linked to an underlying fund.

--- Page 94 ---
RISK FACTORS 
68
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of an ETF Share (being, 
in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying 
hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging 
position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the 
Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the 
Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or (b) a corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, tender offer, 
fund modification, strategy breach, regulatory action, cross-contamination and/or any Additional 
Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the ETF Share that is the 
subject of the Adjustment Event with a new ETF Share selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall 
be an ETF Share which, where a "related index" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, tracks such 
related index, or an index substantially similar in formula and calculation method, or, in the case of 
Exempt Securities only, an index selected by the Calculation Agent with reference to such other criteria 
as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement). Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an 
Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of 
Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to Securities linked to Shares which have a Dividend Adjusted Performance feature 
Where the Securities are linked to Shares and the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dividend Adjusted 
Performance" as applicable, this means the Securities reference the performance of relevant Share(s) 
adjusted to deduct a pre-determined amount (a Target Dividend) on a pro-rata basis.  
The Target Dividend is expressed as a fixed amount independent of the price of the relevant Share. Due 
to the price or performance of the relevant Share being adjusted for the difference between the actual 
declared dividend(s) and the Target Dividend(s) and the different dividend methodologies adopted, 
depending on the amount of the dividends actually declared by the relevant Share issuer, Securities with 
a "Dividend Adjusted Performance" feature may perform differently in comparison to Securities linked 
to the same Share(s) with actual dividends applied as they are declared. In particular, if the Target 
Dividend yield of the relevant Share in a relevant period is higher than the actual declared dividend yield 
of the Share during the same period, the price or performance of the Share, as adjusted for the Target 
Dividend will, underperform the Share which is not so adjusted and such underperformance will increase 
as the price of the relevant Share decreases. In such case, you will receive a lower return on the Securities 
as a result of the "Dividend Adjusted Performance" than if such feature was not applicable. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests 
Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and will not give rise 
to any obligations of any mutual fund administrator, adviser or manager in respect of a mutual fund, and 
accordingly you will have no recourse against any such mutual fund administrator, adviser or manager. 
No mutual fund administrator, adviser or manager in respect of a mutual fund will have participated in 
the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities and none of 
the Issuer, the Counterparty (if any) and any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection 
with such offering with respect to the information concerning any such mutual fund contained in such 
Issue Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can

--- Page 95 ---
RISK FACTORS 
69
 
be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would 
affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or 
in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the value of the Mutual Fund Interest will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such mutual fund could affect the value of the Mutual Fund Interest 
and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Settlement Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Mutual Fund Interests to which such Securities relate notwithstanding 
that, in relation to Exempt Securities and if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
Securityholders may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, 
distributions or other payments that would be received by a holder of the Mutual Fund Interests. The 
return on such Securities may thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid 
to you if you had made a direct investment in relevant Mutual Fund Interests. Consequently, the return 
on Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests may be less than the return from a direct investment in the 
relevant Mutual Fund Interests. 
The risks of a Security relating to Mutual Fund Interests will depend on the terms of that Security. Such 
risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the value(s) of the 
Mutual Fund Interests. The value of Mutual Fund Interests may go down as well as up and the value of 
any Mutual Fund Interest on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be 
no assurance as to the future value of any Mutual Fund Interest or of the continued existence of any 
Mutual Fund Interest or the issuer of such Mutual Fund Interest. Accordingly, before making an 
investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the 
value and price volatility of the relevant Mutual Fund Interests, as this may affect the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
In addition, mutual funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments such as debt and equity 
securities, commodities and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, 
without limitation, futures and options. Mutual Fund Interests may be illiquid and may only be traded on 
an infrequent basis. The trading strategies of mutual funds are often opaque. Mutual funds, as well as the 
markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, 
self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. Further, the value of Mutual Fund Interests 
may be affected by the performance of the relevant fund service providers and in particular the relevant 
fund adviser. 
For the foregoing reasons, investing directly or indirectly in mutual funds is generally considered to be 
risky. If the underlying mutual fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Securities will 
fall, and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Mutual Fund Interests over a period of time and to Mutual Fund Interests, 
the issuer(s) of which are established outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Mutual Fund Interests 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Mutual Fund Interests or in another 
product. 
See Underlying Schedule 8 (Mutual Fund Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Mutual Fund Interests 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to Mutual Fund Interests include provisions dealing 
with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement 
or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may 
have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities.

--- Page 96 ---
RISK FACTORS 
70
 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Mutual Fund Interest in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect 
of the Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or (b) a corporate action, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, adviser resignation event, 
fund modification, strategy breach, regulatory action, reporting disruption, cross-contamination, failure 
by a fund service provider and/or any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the 
Calculation Agent may replace the Mutual Fund Interest that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with 
a new Mutual Fund Interest selected by the Calculation Agent (in a fund which provides daily liquidity, 
the shares or units of which may be subscribed, sold to or redeemed by the fund (subject to giving no 
more than two fund business days' notice and no charges being imposed by the fund), and which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, has the same or substantially similar strategies, and the same 
currency as, the affected mutual fund). Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased 
Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging 
(including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to 
reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment may also include a monetisation whereby the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the value of the Mutual Fund Interest affected by the relevant 
Adjustment Event on a date selected by the Calculation Agent and shall make such adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities so that the Securities reference such value (and interest thereon) rather than such 
Mutual Fund Interest. Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) the Calculation Agent determines that no Monetisation can reasonably be effected, 
(c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to currency exchange rates 
An investment in Securities linked to currency exchange rates may bear similar market risks to a direct 
investment in foreign exchange.  
Movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the currency exchange rates 
may affect the actual yield to you, even if the average level is consistent with your expectations. In 
addition, Securities linked to currency exchange rates may be linked to emerging market currencies and, 
as such, may experience greater volatility and less certainty as to future levels or as against other 
currencies. Emerging market currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis happening in 
the future and this could result in the occurrence of a Disrupted Day. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates and implied volatility of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) 
will affect the value of the relevant Securities. Currency values may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency/currencies, 
regardless of other market forces, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on your Securities (see "Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the 
value of the Securities and payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction").

--- Page 97 ---
RISK FACTORS 
71
 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more currency exchange rates 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the relevant currency or currencies or in 
another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to currency exchange rates. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to currency exchange rates include provisions 
dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such 
postponement or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect 
of the Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or (b) a relevant country has lawfully converted or exchanged its currency for a successor 
currency), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in 
the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect 
on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms 
The terms and conditions of the Securities include provisions dealing with the consequences of a 
Disrupted Day. These consequences shall be determined in accordance with the Disruption Fallbacks 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may include (i) where Valuation Postponement is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, (ii) where First Fallback Reference Price or Second Fallback Reference Price is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determination of the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date 
by reference to alternative prices for the applicable currency exchange rate, and (iii) where Calculation 
Agent Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent 
determining the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date. Such alternative provisions 
for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities. The Valuation Postponement provisions, if applicable, may result in a 
Securityholder receiving payments in respect of the Securities after the originally scheduled date for 
payment.

--- Page 98 ---
RISK FACTORS 
72
 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect 
of the Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or (b) any relevant rate which as of the Trade Date is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced or adopted (or similar action) by the relevant Government Authority and any such 
rate cease to be so reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or similar action)), 
then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation 
Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of 
an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of 
Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities to reflect any such increased costs) and in the case of a successor rate, determination of the 
relevant rate by reference to the official successor rate. Any such adjustment(s) may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Securities cannot 
be made by it in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to be made under 
the Securities due to the occurrence of a Currency Settlement Disruption Event (being (a) the imposition 
of restrictions on the transferability, purchase and holding of the Specified Currency, (b) its non-
acceptance by a clearing system or its disuse, (c) its illiquidity in the relevant market or (d) any other 
circumstances beyond the Issuer's control), then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations to 
Securityholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the Currency Settlement Disruption 
Event ceases to exist, or (ii) making such payment in United States dollars on, or as soon as reasonably 
practicable after, the relevant payment date. Any such delayed payment or payment in United States 
dollars will not constitute a default and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any 
other payment in respect of any such delay. 
See further FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Settlement Disruption) of Part A of Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate 
Conditions), and FX Rate Condition 6(e) (Settlement Disruption) of Part B of Underlying Schedule 9 
(FX Rate Conditions). 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Citi Proprietary Indices  
The level of a Citi Proprietary Index is generally based on the value of its components (each an index 
component), which may be securities, commodities, derivative instruments, indices or other types of 
assets or any combination of such assets, as described in the relevant index conditions and/or 
methodology and, as such, investors in Securities relating to Citi Proprietary Indices should also read the 
other risk factors relating to Securities linked directly to such index components. Global economic, 
financial and political developments, among other things, may have a material effect on the value of the 
index components of a Citi Proprietary Index and/or the performance of a Citi Proprietary Index, and 
this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities.

--- Page 99 ---
RISK FACTORS 
73
 
The risks of a Security relating to a Citi Proprietary Index will depend on the terms of that Security and 
the relevant index conditions and/or methodology. Such risks may include the possibility of significant 
changes in: 
 
the levels, prices, rates or values (as relevant) of the index components of such Citi Proprietary 
Index and the weighting of each such index component within such Citi Proprietary Index; 
 
other objective prices; and 
 
economic or other measures observed for the purposes of such Citi Proprietary Index. 
The above risks may have an effect on the performance of a Citi Proprietary Index, and this may in turn 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
As disclosed in the relevant index conditions and/or methodology, any distribution, dividend and/or 
amount (distribution) paid to persons who have made an actual investment in any of the index 
components of a Citi Proprietary Index may not be reflected in the level of such Citi Proprietary Index. 
A distribution paid to persons who have made an actual investment in any of the index components of a 
Citi Proprietary Index will not be paid to the Issuer or to the holders of Securities relating to such Citi 
Proprietary Index. The return on such Securities will thus not reflect any such distribution. Consequently, 
the return on such Securities may be less than the return from a direct investment in any such index 
components. 
A Citi Proprietary Index reflects the performance of notional investment positions in its index 
components. There is no actual portfolio of assets in respect of such Citi Proprietary Index to which any 
person is entitled or in which any person has any ownership interest, and no Citi Proprietary Index creates 
any obligation of any person connected with any index component. A Citi Proprietary Index merely 
identifies certain hypothetical investment positions, the performance of which will be used as a reference 
point for the purpose of calculating its level. The performance of a Citi Proprietary Index may be different 
from the result of any actual investment in any one or more of its index components. In particular, any 
notional fees or costs deducted in the calculation of the level of the relevant Citi Proprietary Index and 
any proportionate amount included in such level of any distribution in respect of any index component 
may be different from those arising in respect of any actual investment in any index component or 
combination of index components. 
The strategy that a Citi Proprietary Index aims to reflect may not be successful and other strategies using 
constituents which are the same as the index components of such Citi Proprietary Index may perform 
better than such Citi Proprietary Index.  
The index conditions and/or methodology of a Citi Proprietary Index describe the manner in which the 
relevant index calculation agent performs all calculations, determinations, rebalancings and adjustments 
in respect of such Citi Proprietary Index, and the limited circumstances in which the relevant index 
sponsor may amend the index conditions and/or methodology of such Citi Proprietary Index. In addition 
you should be aware that the calculation of amounts payable on Securities relating to a Citi Proprietary 
Index involves reference to an index that is administered and maintained and, in some cases, calculated 
and published by an affiliate of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Counterparty and/or any of their respective 
affiliates the level of which may not be widely published. The index conditions and/or methodology of 
a Citi Proprietary Index describe the conflicts of interest which may arise for the relevant index 
calculation agent and its affiliates. 
You should read the relevant index conditions and/or methodology if investing in Securities relating to 
a Citi Proprietary Index. 
The Citi Proprietary Index may not perform as anticipated and you could therefore lose some or all of 
your investment in Securities linked to a Citi Proprietary Index. 
See Underlying Schedule 10 (Proprietary Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Citi Proprietary Indices. 
Disruption of an index component of a Citi Proprietary Index and determination of the level of such 
Citi Proprietary Index

--- Page 100 ---
RISK FACTORS 
74
 
The conditions and/or methodology of a Citi Proprietary Index will set out the frequency of the 
publication of its level. In the event that the level, price, rate or value (as relevant) of any of its index 
components is not available for any reason, the relevant index calculation agent may calculate the level 
of such Citi Proprietary Index for the relevant day by observing a valuation for the affected index 
component from a different day or may delay the calculation of the level of such Citi Proprietary Index. 
Any such postponement or alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of 
such Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
If "Component Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the level of the 
relevant Citi Proprietary Index has been published for a particular day, then if such day (a) is not a day 
on which valuations of an index component of such Citi Proprietary Index are scheduled to be observed, 
or (b) is a disrupted day for an index component of such Citi Proprietary Index (each, howsoever defined 
in the relevant index conditions and/or methodology of such Citi Proprietary Index), then any level of 
such Citi Proprietary Index calculated and published by the relevant index calculation agent for such day 
may be disregarded by the Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent may itself calculate the level of 
such Citi Proprietary Index for such day in accordance with the then-current methodology of such Citi 
Proprietary Index but may do so by reference to the level, price, rate or value (as relevant) of the index 
components of such Citi Proprietary Index observed on subsequent days. This process may result in a 
level of such Citi Proprietary Index for such day being calculated by the Calculation Agent which is 
different to the published level of such Citi Proprietary Index and may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on the relevant Securities. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Citi Proprietary Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Citi Proprietary Indices include provisions dealing 
with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement 
or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Citi Proprietary Indices in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Citi Proprietary 
Index (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the relevant Securities (such that holding, acquiring or 
disposing of any hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or 
materially increasing the Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations 
in respect of the relevant Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an 
Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Citi Proprietary Index (i) not being calculated and announced by or 
on behalf of the relevant index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced by or on behalf of a 
successor to the relevant index sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) being replaced by a 
successor index, or (c) the imposition of, change in or removal of any tax relating to any index component 
of such Citi Proprietary Index or other asset relating to such index component (if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms)), then (A) the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the relevant Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect 
of such Adjustment Event, or (B) the Calculation Agent may replace the Citi Proprietary Index which is 
the subject of the Adjustment Event with either (1) a new index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the level of such Citi Proprietary Index, or (2) in the case of Exempt Securities only, a 
replacement index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments 
to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing 
any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustments or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event 
shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If a Proprietary Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, in respect of a Citi 
Proprietary Index, (a) the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will make a material change to such

--- Page 101 ---
RISK FACTORS 
75
 
Citi Proprietary Index, (b) the relevant index sponsor permanently cancelling such Citi Proprietary Index 
and no successor index existing, or (c) the relevant index sponsor or any other person or entity acting on 
its behalf failing to calculate and announce such Citi Proprietary Index), then the Calculation Agent may 
determine whether such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant 
Securities and, if so, shall either (i) calculate the relevant level of such Citi Proprietary Index in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such Citi Proprietary Index last in effect prior 
to the applicable change, cancellation or failure, and/or (ii) substitute such Citi Proprietary Index with a 
replacement index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Citi Proprietary 
Index or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, a replacement index selected by reference to such other 
criteria as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and determine any adjustment necessary to account 
for such substitution, and/or (iii) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event. Any such 
calculation, substitution and/or adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities 
and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably so be made, 
such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Proprietary 
Index Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), then the relevant Securities may be 
redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the relevant 
Securities are redeemed early, then the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could 
therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to "big data" indices 
Securities may reference indices which use "big data" analytical techniques, or inputs which are based 
on "big data" analytical techniques (collectively Big Data Analysis). Depending on the index, the Big 
Data Analysis may be performed by the index administrator or a separate organisation (the Analysis 
Provider). Indices using Big Data Analysis typically use a large number of underlying inputs and 
advanced analytical techniques, potentially including a form of artificial intelligence or machine learning 
(such as attempting to identify and react to patterns as opposed to specific events or circumstances that 
have been defined). Examples include indices with objectives related to the determination of market 
sentiment or ESG (environmental, social and governance) characteristics. Investors should be aware that 
the methodology for determining the Big Data Analysis may not be transparent and may not be fully 
disclosed in the index methodology document for the relevant index. The lack of full transparency may 
be due to a variety of reasons including, without limitation: challenges in describing a complex 
methodology in natural language; the use of a very large number of underlying data inputs from a wide 
range of sources (such that it is not practical either to list the individual inputs, or to do so without raising 
intellectual property and/or privacy issues); the Big Data Analysis could involve the exercise of 
discretion or judgement; and/or some or all of the methodology may be considered to be confidential or 
commercially sensitive. Investors should appreciate that the performance of such an index will be 
dependent on the Big Data Analysis, the underlying inputs, any changes over time in the determination 
methodology and/or underlying inputs, and any ongoing judgement or discretion exercised by the 
Analysis Provider. The use of Big Data Analysis may cause the index to perform in a manner that has 
not been anticipated in the design of the index, and, any such unanticipated performance may have an 
adverse impact on the performance and value of the Securities linked to it. Prior to investing in Securities 
linked to such an index, investors should carry out their own due diligence, without reliance on the Issuer, 
on the relevant index and the associated Big Data Analysis and Analysis Provider. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts  
The value of a Dividend Futures Contract will generally track the dividends paid by the companies (each 
a Relevant Company) comprised in the equity index (the Relevant Index) relating to the relevant 
Dividend Futures Contract from time to time during one calendar year. Global economic, financial and 
political developments, among other things, may have a material effect on the performance of such 
Relevant Companies and therefore on the value of the dividends paid by such Relevant Companies and

--- Page 102 ---
RISK FACTORS 
76
 
the value of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, and this may in turn have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Securities.  
Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and will not 
give rise to any obligations under the relevant Dividend Futures Contract or any obligations of any 
Relevant Company, and accordingly you will have no recourse against any sponsor of such Dividend 
Futures Contract or any such Relevant Company. No sponsor of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the 
Securities. 
Not all types of dividends paid by a Relevant Company may be relevant for the purpose of determining 
the price of a Dividend Futures Contract (for example, in general, ordinary dividends declared by a 
Relevant Company (paid in cash or shares) are considered as realised dividends, which, if so provided in 
the contract specifications for the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, are relevant for the purpose of 
determining the price of such Dividend Futures Contract, whereas special or extraordinary dividends are 
not generally considered as realised dividends and therefore, if so provided in the contract specifications 
for the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, will not be relevant for the purpose of determining the price 
of such Dividend Futures Contract). Further, the Relevant Companies may change from time to time in 
accordance with the rules of the Relevant Index and such a change in Relevant Companies may have an 
adverse effect on the price of the Dividend Futures Contract and amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities. You should refer to the contract specifications for the Dividend Futures Contract and the index 
rules relating to the Relevant Index for details regarding the calculation methodologies (including which 
dividends will be included in the calculation of the Dividend Futures Contract) and adjustments which 
may be made thereto (including to the Relevant Companies to be included in the Relevant Index). You 
should note that the performance of similar Dividend Futures Contracts in respect of prior contract 
periods will not necessarily be indicative of the performance of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
to which the Securities relate. 
The market value of the Securities may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Dividend 
Futures Contracts which may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in: 
 
the Relevant Companies comprised in the Relevant Index and expectations relating to the 
dividends to be announced in relation thereto; 
 
market interest and yield rates; 
 
the time remaining to the final settlement date of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract; and 
 
economic, political and macro-economic factors. 
Accordingly, before purchasing Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts, you should carefully 
consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility of Dividend Futures Contracts and the 
performance of the Relevant Companies comprised in the Relevant Index by reference to which amounts 
payable under the relevant Securities are calculated, as this may affect the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
In addition, the value of the dividends paid by the Relevant Companies may be influenced by many 
factors, including the earnings and dividend policy of each such Relevant Company, changes in 
applicable laws and regulations, global economic, financial and political developments and structural 
supply and demand factors. Relevant Companies may pay reduced dividends or no dividends in respect 
of the relevant contract period. The amount of dividends paid by Relevant Companies in respect of 
similar periods may bear no relation to dividends paid during the relevant contract period. Any such 
changes may have an adverse effect on the amount of relevant dividends paid by Relevant Companies 
and, in turn, the price of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract and amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities.  
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Dividend Futures 
Contracts than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Dividend Futures Contracts 
or in another product.

--- Page 103 ---
RISK FACTORS 
77
 
See "Underlying Schedule 11 – Dividend Futures Contract Conditions" for the specific terms and 
conditions in respect of Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts. 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to 
Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts may include provisions 
dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day or the 
variation of a Valuation Date following the announcement by the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
sponsor that the expiry date of a Dividend Futures Contract will occur on an alternative date to that 
originally contemplated, such postponement, variation or any alternative provisions for valuation 
provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Dividend Futures Contracts in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Dividend Futures 
Contract (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting 
any underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing 
of any hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect 
of the Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, (b) such Dividend Futures Contract (i) not being calculated and announced by or on behalf of 
the relevant Dividend Futures Contract sponsor but instead being calculated and announced by or on 
behalf of a successor to the relevant Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, or (ii) being replaced by a 
successor Dividend Futures Contract), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to 
Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If a Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, in respect of 
a Dividend Futures Contract, (i) the relevant exchange and/or Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, as the 
case may be, announcing that it will make a material change or modification to a relevant Dividend 
Futures Contract, (ii) the relevant exchange and/or Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, as the case may 
be, permanently cancelling or discontinuing the Dividend Futures Contract or there otherwise being a 
permanent discontinuation in trading or trading never commencing in such Dividend Futures Contract 
and no successor Dividend Futures Contract existing, or (iii) any "final settlement price" not being 
displayed or published on the relevant electronic page or by the exchange at the relevant valuation time), 
then the Calculation Agent may determine whether such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event 
has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall either (A) calculate the "final settlement price" of 
such Dividend Futures Contract by calculating the value of the relevant dividends for the applicable 
contract period for such Dividend Futures Contract by reference to the formula for and the method of 
calculation last in effect of any related dividend point index or such other sources as it deems appropriate 
and/or (B) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the effect of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event, and/or (C) 
substitute such Dividend Futures Contract with a replacement Dividend Futures Contract and determine 
any adjustment necessary to account for such substitution. Any such calculation, substitution and/or 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Dividend 
Futures Contract Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.  
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation, substitution or adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption

--- Page 104 ---
RISK FACTORS 
78
 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may 
be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities. If the Securities are 
redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the 
method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Rates 
The market value of the Securities may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Rates which 
may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the level of the Rate, 
macroeconomic, political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. 
In recent years, Rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates 
may rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any Rate in the past are not 
necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the Rate during the term of any Security. 
Accordingly, before purchasing Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value 
and price volatility of the relevant Rates, as this may have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Depending on the terms of the Securities, you may receive no amount(s) or assets because of the 
performance of the relevant Rates and you may lose a substantial portion of your investment. In addition, 
you should ensure that you review the terms of the Securities in question as these may provide for 
amounts due or assets deliverable to be determined by reference to an option or formulae linked to the 
relevant Rate rather than being a conventional debt security referencing a Rate, such as one which bears 
interest at a specified floating rate of interest. Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities 
linked to one or more Rates than you would have received if you had invested in another product 
referencing a Rate. 
See Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Rates.  
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Rates 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Rates include provisions dealing with the 
consequences of a disrupted day, including referring to alternative price sources or determination of the 
relevant Rate by the Calculation Agent or by reference to quotes from reference dealers, such alternative 
provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Rates in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Rate (being, in 
each case if applicable, the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
and/or any Counterparty's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or the 
applicable Charged Agreement or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging), then the 
Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event. Any such adjustment may 
include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such 
Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable 
in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment 
can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if

--- Page 105 ---
RISK FACTORS 
79
 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SECURITIES LINKED TO RATES AND BENCHMARK 
REFORM 
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Securities are linked 
will result in the application of certain fallback provisions 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) (the Hierarchy 
Provisions) will be applied in the order set out therein, in each case where applicable for the relevant 
interest rate and the event or circumstance. If the first applicable option shown does not apply to the 
relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option which does should be 
applied. It is possible that, following the application of such fallback provisions, the relevant rate could 
be determined on a different day than originally intended and/or may be determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the Agent Bank or Determination Agent (as applicable) (such agent, the Relevant Agent) in its 
discretion. There is a risk that the determination of the relevant interest rate in accordance with any of 
these fallback provisions may result in lower amounts payable to you under the Securities and a reduction 
in their market value. 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any spread or factor howsoever 
defined) which the Relevant Agent determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of 
the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions shall be made 
to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market) and may include, where applicable 
and without limitation: 
 
technical, administrative or operational changes that the Relevant Agent decides are appropriate; 
 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread; and 
 
(subject to compliance with applicable laws and/or regulatory guidance in the relevant 
jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the relevant Issuer of providing 
exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). 
Such adjustments may also be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates, may but do not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which is 
determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate" and which, 
unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then 
current and all future determination days. 
Investors should refer to "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions 
in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" for an overview of how and when such fallback 
provisions apply. 
If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Calculation Agent's discretion or 
by alternative methods 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the Screen Rate Determination provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(a) apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant rate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market), which determination may be made by reference to quotations 
provided by third party banks. 
If the ISDA Determination provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) apply, subject as 
provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, if the relevant rate of interest cannot be determined by

--- Page 106 ---
RISK FACTORS 
80
 
reference to the relevant ISDA Definitions (including the temporary cessation provisions set out in such 
ISDA Definitions, which may include reference bank quotations), then the rate of interest will be that 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(iii) apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the 
amount of interest payable on such Securities will be determined using (a) the Bank of England's Bank 
Rate (for the purposes of this paragraph, the Bank Rate) for such day plus the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate, or (b) if the Bank Rate is not available on such day, the SONIA rate 
published for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published. In 
respect of (a), there is no assurance that the characteristics of the Bank Rate and spread calculation will 
be similar to, or will produce the economic equivalent of, the SONIA rate upon which compounded daily 
SONIA is based. If the said rate and spread calculation provisions or alternative provisions for 
determining the SONIA rate in respect of a particular day become applicable, this could result in adverse 
consequences to the amount of interest payable on the Securities, which could adversely affect the return 
on, value of and market for the Securities. 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(c)(iii) or the SOFR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(iii) 
apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
value, or SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will be determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and 
any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
As a result of any of the above, the return on your Securities may be lower than expected and/or the value 
of your Securities may be adversely affected and the Calculation Agent will have no responsibility to the 
relevant Issuer or any third party as a result of having acted on any such quotations. 
Failure by the Relevant Agent and/or the relevant Issuer to give notice 
Pursuant to the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions, 
the Relevant Agent is required to notify the relevant Issuer or any relevant Counterparty of certain 
determinations made in accordance with such provisions, and the relevant Issuer is required to notify the 
Securityholders thereof or of certain elections to redeem the Securities. However, failure by the Relevant 
Agent to so notify the relevant Issuer or failure by the relevant Issuer to so notify the Securityholders 
will not affect the validity of any such determination or election. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on 
Securities linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rate benchmarks play an important role in financial markets and it is therefore critical that 
benchmarks which are used extensively are robust and are based on active, liquid underlying markets. 
As a consequence, interest rates and indices or other figures which are deemed to be "benchmarks", have 
been the subject of national and international regulatory scrutiny. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks view the overnight risk-free rates as providing the most robust 
benchmark interest rate available and are therefore strongly encouraging the transition away from 
interbank offered rates. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the Benchmarks Regulations) are a key 
element of the ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and the UK and have applied since 1 January 2018 
and been subject to subsequent amendments.

--- Page 107 ---
RISK FACTORS 
81
 
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as certain IBORs, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates and certain indices, will in most cases be within scope of both versions of the Benchmarks 
Regulations as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value 
of, certain financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Securities 
traded on an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility (MTF), and (ii) in the case of the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, Securities traded on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF), 
and in a number of other circumstances.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains most of the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, but has narrower geographical scope of application. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the UK. The onus of compliance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation rests on UK benchmark 
administrators and UK supervised entities. 
The ESMA maintains a public register of benchmark administrators and third country benchmarks 
pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the ESMA Register). Benchmark administrators which 
were authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from 
the ESMA Register on 1 January 2021. From 1 January 2021 onwards, the FCA maintains a separate 
public register of benchmark administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation (the UK Register). The UK Register retains UK benchmark administrators which were 
authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark". For example: 
 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from any EU 
competent authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is 
not "recognised" pending an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the 
benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or 
registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and the 
benchmark is not endorsed, then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity;  
 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a 
non-UK entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending 
an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator 
does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-UK 
entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, 
then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, and such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of 
the published rate or level, and (depending on the terms of the particular Securities) could lead 
to adjustments to the terms of the Securities as the Relevant Agent deems necessary or 
appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to

--- Page 108 ---
RISK FACTORS 
82
 
administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities and/or 
any Charged Agreement linked to or referencing a "benchmark" and the Relevant Agent may be entitled 
to make corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement 
relating to the Series. 
Methodologies for calculating risk-free rates 
Risk-free rates are generally backwards-looking and are calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis. 
Interest on Securities which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end 
of the relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, you may be unable to reliably estimate in advance 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Securities. Further, if such Securities become due 
and payable following an Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, where a separate amount in respect of accrued interest is payable, the final Interest 
Rate and/or Interest Amount payable in respect of such Securities shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Securities become due and payable 
or are scheduled for redemption. 
Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates 
in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working 
groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA 
rate, SOFR and €STR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities and/or any related 
Charged Agreement that reference such risk-free rates issued under this Base Prospectus. Term SONIA 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over 
a designated term) have been published from January 2021 and term SOFR rates have also become 
available for use. It is possible that market participants may seek to apply such term rates for capital 
markets issuances, although UK authorities have made clear their preference for the market to adopt a 
broad-based transition to SONIA compounded in arrears for new transactions, with use of a term SONIA 
reference rate being more limited. 
The relevant Issuer may in the future also issue Securities and/or any Charged Agreement referencing 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other risk-free rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR or €STR or other risk-free rate referenced Securities 
issued, and/or any Charged Agreement entered into, by it under this Base Prospectus. 
The development of new risk-free rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus from time to time. 
The new risk-free rates have only a limited trading market, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Securities indexed to the new risk-free rates may 
evolve over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such Securities may not be 
able to be sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial

--- Page 109 ---
RISK FACTORS 
83
 
arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Securities referencing such risk-free rates. 
Interest on Securities linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference 
Rate selected by the Relevant Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply pursuant to the Hierarchy Provisions, there is a risk that a 
Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate (for an overview of how the Reference 
Rate Event Provisions apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback 
Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks"). 
It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate and the 
circumstances which could trigger such an event are outside of the relevant Issuer's control. Whether a 
Reference Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the Relevant Agent, and any subsequent use 
of a replacement Reference Rate is likely to result in changes to the Conditions (which could be 
extensive) and/or the terms of any Charged Agreement relating to the Series and/or interest or other 
payments under the Securities and/or the terms of any Charged Agreement relating to the Series that are 
lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on 
such Securities and/or the terms of any Charged Agreement relating to the Series if the relevant Reference 
Rate remained available in its current form. 
Subject to the Conditions, each Securityholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will 
not be entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
Determination of alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
If the Relevant Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference 
Rate, it will: 
(A) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
calculate the adjustment, if any, to the Replacement Reference Rate that it determines is required 
in order to reduce any transfer of economic value (1) in case of the Securities, from (i) the 
relevant Issuer to the Securityholders or (ii) the Securityholders to the relevant Issuer, or (2) in 
case of any Charged Agreement relating to the Series, from (i) the relevant Issuer to the 
Counterparty or (ii) the Counterparty to the relevant Issuer, in each case that would otherwise 
arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate 
(an Adjustment Spread);  
(C) 
determine such other amendments to the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to 
the Series which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to account for the effect 
of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(D) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such 
other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Securities and/or any Charged 
Agreement relating to the Series.  
You should be aware that: 
(I) 
the application of any Replacement Reference Rate (notwithstanding the inclusion of any 
Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any 
changes made following a material change), could result in a lower amount being payable than 
would otherwise have been the case; 
(II) 
more than one possible replacement rate may exist and, if so, it is possible that the Relevant 
Agent may select the least favourable replacement rate;

--- Page 110 ---
RISK FACTORS 
84
 
(III) 
any such Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any 
consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a material change) 
shall apply without requiring the consent of the holders of Securities; and 
(IV) 
if the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to adjust the 
terms of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series to account for the 
effect of any Reference Rate Event or to identify a Replacement Reference Rate or calculate an 
Adjustment Spread, then absent a determination that no Replacement Reference Rate or other 
amendments to the terms of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series 
are required, the Securities may, at the relevant Issuer's option, be the subject of an early 
redemption, in which case you may lose some or all of your investment. There is no guarantee 
that a Replacement Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be 
calculated by the Relevant Agent. 
The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. There can be no assurance that the replacement adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer 
of economic value between (in the case of the Securities) the relevant Issuer and holders or (in the case 
of any Charged Agreement) the relevant Issuer and the relevant Counterparty, and the proposed 
replacement adjustments are not intended, or able, to replicate the dynamic bank credit risk premium 
embedded in an IBOR. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the 
relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Securities and/or any Charged 
Agreement relating to the Series and at that time, no amendments have occurred in accordance with the 
foregoing and: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series to reference the 
Reference Rate and for the relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent to use the Reference Rate, 
the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series to reference 
the Reference Rate or for the relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent to use the Reference 
Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Relevant Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) 
substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including any temporary substitute 
or successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which the 
Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with applicable law or 
regulation (the Last Permitted Rate) or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last Permitted Rate 
would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
To the extent that any Securities reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate 
Event is likely to occur during the term of such Securities, prospective investors should be aware that the 
consequence of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a 
Reference Rate Event occurs. 
The interests of the Relevant Agent in making the determinations described above may be adverse to 
your interests as a holder of Securities. The selection of a Replacement Reference Rate, and any decisions 
made by the Relevant Agent in connection with implementing a Replacement Reference Rate with 
respect to the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. Further, there is no assurance that the 
characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar to the relevant Reference Rate or that

--- Page 111 ---
RISK FACTORS 
85
 
any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic equivalent of such Reference Rate. In 
particular, any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant Securities 
if the previous rate had continued being published in its current form. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) in respect of any relevant 
Benchmark may mean adjustments are made to the Securities and/or to the terms of the Charged 
Agreement relating to the Series which may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and 
making related adjustments to the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series, 
including if applicable to reflect any increased costs of the relevant Issuer of providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). Alternatively, early redemption of the Securities 
may apply if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms. For an overview of how the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – 
Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" below. Any such 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of, return on or market for the Securities, and if the 
Securities are early redeemed, the amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial 
investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate 
If (x) the provisions of Underlying Schedule 12 – Rate Conditions relating to the determination of the 
Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any 
Disrupted Day and (y) the provisions relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in 
the Conditions apply pursuant to the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, if (i) the relevant Electronic Page is 
not available, or (ii) the percentage rate of the relevant Rate for the relevant Scheduled Trading Day does 
not appear on the Electronic Page, and/or (iii) the relevant Rate is not provided or published by the 
relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor and/or (iv) a component of the relevant Rate is 
not provided or published, the Calculation Agent shall determine the underlying closing level for such 
Rate as it deems appropriate and in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having regard 
to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market)) and may make such adjustments to the Conditions as it determines necessary or appropriate to 
reflect any industry-accepted practices for the successor Rate, including applying an adjustment factor. 
Any such amendments may result in payments under the Securities being different from those originally 
anticipated, and could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
Swap Rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
Swap rates may be subject to reform in the future. These reforms may cause one or more swap rate(s) to 
be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes. Any such consequence could also have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities the payout of which is dependent on the 
performance of such swap rate. 
If a swap rate ceases, different fallback provisions would apply based on the way in which the relevant 
swap rate is determined under the Conditions and the fallback provisions described in the relevant 
Hierarchy Provisions. Such fallback provisions will be applied in the order set out therein and where 
ISDA Determination applies, this will mean that any permanent cessation fallback provisions included 
as part of the applicable ISDA Definitions will not apply.  
New swap rates linked to risk free rates have recently been developed, such as IBA's GBP SONIA ICE 
Swap Rate settings and USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate settings. However, there can be no guarantee that 
such rates will be liquid, and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the 
future. The Relevant Agent may make consequential changes to the Conditions if the methodology of a 
relevant rate is amended. 
In the event that the administrator of a rate referenced by Floating Rate Securities or Rate Linked 
Securities amends the methodology of such Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time 
of publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to make any related 
or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in the applicable fallback

--- Page 112 ---
RISK FACTORS 
86
 
provisions (including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes 
to timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the 
definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Relevant Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Relevant Agent decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Relevant 
Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Relevant Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary). Investors should be aware that such changes to the Conditions may 
adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, such Securities. 
Risks in connection with "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination (in either case, other 
than where Index Determination applies) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, a compounding method will also be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. These compounding methodologies have emerged as conventions for daily 
compounding of rates in arrears. The conventions differ in the period that each method uses when 
weighting each business day's overnight rate for the relevant risk free rate. The "Shift" approach (or 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift") weights the relevant risk free rate according to the 
relevant number of days that apply in a separate observation period which 'shadows' the Interest Period 
(e.g. the observation period might start and end five business days preceding the relevant start and end 
of the Interest Period). The "Lag" approach (or "OIS Compounding" or "Compounding with Lookback") 
weights the relevant risk free rate according to the number of days that apply in the relevant Interest 
Period. Investors should be aware that divergence between the above methodologies could lead to a 
difference in the interest being determined even where the relevant risk free rate is the same for the 
Securities and may not be what investors expected. 
Methodologies for determining interest payable in respect of Securities linked to SONIA or SOFR 
may differ substantially 
The amount of interest payable in respect of Securities linked to SONIA or SOFR will be calculated by 
reference to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA or 
SOFR, as applicable, as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or (ii) where Index 
Determination in respect of SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
applies, a screen rate, formula or value as may be published by the administrator of SONIA or SOFR, as 
applicable. There can be no assurance that amounts of interest determined pursuant to (i) and (ii) will be 
similar, and over time the market may adopt an application of these methodologies that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions. Further, investors should refer to "Developing markets 
for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns" above for a description 
of the key risks relating to the development of risk free rates across the market generally. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF SECURITIES AND CERTAIN 
PRODUCT FEATURES 
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Securities or Securities which pay a Non-Contingent Interest Amount 
Investment in Fixed Rate Securities or Securities which pay a Non-Contingent Interest Amount involves 
the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate or amount paid on such 
Securities, this will adversely affect the value of the Securities.  
Risks relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Securities 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Securities, since the relevant Issuer 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the 
relevant Issuer. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Securities tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other floating rate Securities issued by the relevant Issuer. If the 
relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be 
lower than the prevailing market rates.

--- Page 113 ---
RISK FACTORS 
87
 
Risks relating to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities have an interest rate multiplied by an accrual rate which is 
determined by reference to the number of days in the relevant interest period on which one or more 
accrual condition(s) are satisfied. An accrual condition may be satisfied on any relevant day if the 
relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified barrier,  
or the relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
either equal to or above, or above, the specified lower range; and  
(b) 
either equal to or below, or below, the specified upper range.  
A reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a single reference rate, (ii) 
a basket of two or more reference rates, (iii) the difference between two reference rates, (iv) the difference 
between the sums of two sets of reference rates or (v) a currency exchange rate.  
The interest rate of Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities may be a rate equal or calculated by reference 
to a specified fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate or a CMS swap rate (or if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, either the lesser of or the difference between two CMS swap rates).  
The accrual rate may be subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Accordingly, Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be 
volatile instruments, and/or may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" apply, where 
the accrual factor is greater than the specified protection level, the accrual factor shall be deemed to be 
100 per cent. and the full amount of the interest amount for the relevant interest period will be paid even 
if the relevant accrual condition(s) are not satisfied on each relevant day in the relevant interest period. 
Risks relating to Spread Securities 
Spread Securities have an interest rate determined by reference to any of:  
(a) 
one (1) minus the result of a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or  
(b) 
a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or 
(c) 
the lesser of: (i) a specified spread rate plus or minus a spread cap margin, and (ii) the sum of: 
(A) a specified percentage rate per annum, and (B) the product of (I) a multiplier, and (II) the 
difference between two specified spread rates, 
and, in each case, plus or minus a margin (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by 
an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms).  
Each of the specified spread rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified 
rate, (ii) the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate. 
Accordingly, Spread Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments, 
and/or may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Securities which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier 
or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities.

--- Page 114 ---
RISK FACTORS 
88
 
Securities with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of these features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do 
not include these features. Any such volatility may have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" and, 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the Securities will be 
redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms will become payable on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, provided that, where a 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall also 
pay the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon on the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. No further amount shall be payable 
in respect of such Securities after the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. In this case, you are subject to 
a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in such Securities with an 
investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Securities. 
If any Securities are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited 
to the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, and (if 
applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon irrespective of the price of the relevant 
Underlying(s) or any other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will 
not benefit from any movement in the price of relevant Underlying(s) that may occur during the period 
between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, Early Exit MER Amount 
(together with (if applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon) is a specified fixed amount and 
such amount is greater than your initial investment in the Securities, then you should note that, unless a 
scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part 
of your investment. 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Securities, as set out in General Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Securities subject to a cap 
Where the terms of the Securities provide that the amount payable or deliverable is subject to a cap, your 
ability to participate in any change in the value of the Underlying(s) over the term of the Securities will 
be limited, no matter how much the level, price or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) rises above 
the cap level over the term of the Securities. Accordingly, the value of or return on the Securities may be 
significantly less than if you had purchased the Underlying(s) directly or through another product not 
subject to a cap.

--- Page 115 ---
RISK FACTORS 
89
 
Risks relating to Securities that are Physical Settlement Securities 
Settlement disruption event and failure to deliver 
In the case of Physical Settlement Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on any 
date specified for the delivery of the relevant Entitlement, settlement will be postponed until the next 
Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
in these circumstances may select to deliver the relevant Entitlement in such other commercially 
reasonable manner as it may select or it may pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu of 
delivering the Entitlement. 
If, in relation to Physical Settlement Securities, "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it is impossible or impracticable, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets where such failure to deliver 
is due to illiquidity in the market for such Relevant Assets, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) has the right to pay 
the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount in lieu of delivering some or all of such Relevant Assets 
which are affected by such illiquidity. 
If "Aggregation of Entitlements" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Physical 
Settlement Securities which are held by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Securities and such aggregate Entitlements 
will be rounded down to the nearest Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset(s), in such manner as the 
relevant Calculation Agent shall determine. If "Aggregation of Entitlements" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Entitlement in respect of each Security will be rounded 
down to the nearest whole multiple of the Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset(s) in such manner as 
the relevant Calculation Agent shall determine. Amounts of the Relevant Asset less than the Tradeable 
Amount shall not be delivered and no cash or other adjustment will be made in respect of such rounding 
unless "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the Issuer 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) shall pay you a cash amount equal to the value of any such lesser amount. 
Consequently, Securityholders may not receive the Entitlements that they expect to receive, may receive 
less than they would otherwise expect or may receive a cash amount instead. 
Issuer's option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
If the Securities are Physical Settlement Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises securities which 
are not freely tradeable and deliverable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute 
Assets, as the case may be, for the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, or (ii) not to deliver or procure the 
delivery of the relevant Entitlement or the relevant Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may 
be, to the relevant Securityholders, but in lieu of such delivery to make payment to the relevant 
Securityholders on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) of the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount. In these circumstances, Securityholders may receive assets which are different to, 
or cash instead of, the assets that they expected to receive. 
Expenses 
All Expenses arising from the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of Physical Settlement Securities 
shall be for the account of the relevant Securityholder. 
Expenses in respect of Physical Settlement Securities shall be deducted by the Issuer (where Settlement 
via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) from any

--- Page 116 ---
RISK FACTORS 
90
 
cash amount owing to you and paid by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on your behalf or paid by the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
on your behalf by converting such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) due to be delivered as necessary to 
pay the Expenses, as specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. If any 
Expenses are not so paid, you shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) to convert and the 
Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may convert such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) into cash sufficient to cover 
the Expenses in respect of the relevant Security from which the relevant Intermediary shall deduct such 
Expenses. 
Variation of Settlement 
In respect of Physical Settlement Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) has an option to vary settlement in 
respect of such Securities and, in lieu of delivering or procuring delivery of the relevant Entitlement, to 
pay an amount determined to be equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement on the Maturity Date 
or Settlement Date (as applicable). 
In such circumstances, you will not receive any Relevant Assets as the Securities will only be cash settled 
and the redemption amount you receive may be significantly less than your initial investment in the 
Securities. Furthermore, you would not benefit from any increase in the price of the Relevant Assets that 
would have otherwise been deliverable if the Securities had been settled by physical delivery after the 
date of determination of such fair market value. 
Risks relating to Securities that are Dual Currency Securities 
If the Securities are Dual Currency Securities, then amounts payable in respect of the Securities will be 
determined by converting all amounts due under the Securities from the Denomination Currency into the 
Relevant Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the last 
occurring valuation date. In such circumstances, amounts that you receive in respect of the Securities are 
also linked to the performance of the Underlying which is the exchange rate used for such conversions. 
You should therefore also have regard to the risk factors relating to Securities linked to a currency 
exchange rate as set out above (in particular the risk factor entitled "Risks associated with Securities 
linked to currency exchange rates").  
RISKS SPECIFIC TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
Credit risk of the Reference Entity 
Investors should note that a holder of a Credit Linked Note will be exposed to the credit of one or more 
Reference Entities, which exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms or 
unless such Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Interest Notes, to the full extent of their investment 
in such Credit Linked Note or, in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, to the extent that the aggregate losses exceed the "attachment point". In respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an investor's exposure to credit risk of any relevant Reference Entity may 
be to the full extent of any interest payable under such Securities. Upon the occurrence of any specified 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, with respect to any Reference Entity, investors may suffer 
significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such 
Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Credit Linked Note may not reflect the impact of investing 
in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses in relation to the Credit Linked Notes could be 
considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity 
and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such Reference Entity.

--- Page 117 ---
RISK FACTORS 
91
 
In addition, the terms of the deliverable obligations of Reference Entities may not be standard, and 
holders of that debt may therefore incur additional losses that are not reflected in the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. This is of greater force in the case where the Reference Entity is a sovereign. There are no 
common set of rules or practices that governs the manner in which a sovereign government, faced with 
deterioration in its fiscal position or the performance of its economy, may attempt to reach resolution 
with holders of its debt obligations. Due to, amongst other factors, the role of governments and 
international organisations as creditors, the ability of a sovereign to enact legislation that may affect 
holders of its debt obligations, and the role played by other governments, including those of the 
jurisdictions in which private creditors are located, the development of events is inherently unpredictable. 
As a result, specified Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, may not encompass all the 
circumstances in which holders of a sovereign Reference Entity's obligations may suffer credit-related 
losses. 
Legal risks 
Investors should note that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may still occur although (a) the 
Reference Entity/underlying obligor lacks capacity to enter into any obligation, (b) there is any actual or 
alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any obligation or (c) the 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, results from (i) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice or change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body or (ii) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital 
restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority. Investors should 
note that such legal risks are borne by the investors and the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, 
as applicable, that arises directly or indirectly as a result of these matters will not prevent the occurrence 
of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, from 
occurring under the Credit Linked Notes and which may result in interest amounts (in full or in part) 
ceasing to be payable or in the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, in full or in part. 
Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity 
There can be less publicly available information about certain Reference Entities particularly where the 
laws in the jurisdiction of the Reference Entity do not subject the Reference Entity to reporting 
requirements. Furthermore, certain Reference Entities are subject to accounting, auditing and financial 
reporting standards that may differ from those applicable in other jurisdictions, and the relevant ways in 
which the legal regime of a Reference Entity operates can result in differences in outcomes across various 
jurisdictions. The differences highlighted herein may make it more difficult to make an accurate 
assessment of the creditworthiness of certain Reference Entities, and these differences may have a 
significant effect on the recovery on an underlying debt obligation in the event of bankruptcy or 
reorganisation of a Reference Entity. For example, once a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding has 
commenced under the laws of certain jurisdictions, it may not be permissible to trade or accelerate the 
debt of the relevant issuer.  
In making any assessment with respect to the creditworthiness of any Reference Entity or the Reference 
Entity generally, investors should also take into account, amongst other factors, (a) the name of the 
Reference Entity given that there can be confusion among market participants with respect to similarly 
named entities within a corporate group or failure to monitor any recent name changes or Successors 
identified with respect to a particular Reference Entity; (b) the obligor on any referenced obligation and 
its capacity, to the extent relevant for any Credit Linked Note; (c) the characteristics of any obligation 
referenced such as whether it is senior or subordinated, senior non preferred, freely transferrable, secured 
or unsecured, a bond, loan or a payment obligation not related to borrowed money which may either 
meet or fail to meet certain requirements specified in the Credit Linked Note relevant to either the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or redemption following a Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable; and (d) where there are multiple Reference Entities, whether each Reference 
Entity is weighted equally or whether some Reference Entities have greater weightings than others given 
a Reference Entity's weighting with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Note determines the portion of 
the principal amount of the Credit Linked Note that is attributable to that Reference Entity. Each of the 
above factors are important in making a decision whether to invest in Credit Linked Notes, as they may 
affect the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity(ies) in question and/or the value of and return on such 
Notes.

--- Page 118 ---
RISK FACTORS 
92
 
Actions of Reference Entities  
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer of 
indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes. The views of market 
participants and/or legal counsel may differ as to how certain terms should be interpreted in the context 
of such actions, or such terms may operate in a manner contrary to the expectations of investors.  
A Reference Entity (which could equally be the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates) will not have any obligation to consider any investor's interest (as a holder of the Credit Linked 
Note) as to any corporate or sovereign actions that might be undertaken and as such, such actions could 
affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes and impact on the terms and conditions of such Credit Linked 
Notes. A Reference Entity may have an incentive to structure a transaction to produce a particular result 
for example, in order to induce holders of its debt obligations to take certain actions. In some cases, a 
Reference Entity may repay its outstanding liabilities or assign them to a different entity in a manner that 
does not give rise to the determination of a Successor to the Reference Entity. In such cases, with respect 
to that Reference Entity, there may no longer be any deliverable obligations (a circumstance commonly 
referred to as an "orphaning"), which may result in there being no appropriate Deliverable Obligations 
for an Auction to be determined with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Physical Redemption to 
be effected.  
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Individual Reference Entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of similar 
entities and no assurance can be given with respect to the future performance of any Reference Entities. 
Historical default statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events or Risk Events, 
as applicable, for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions 
The credit risk to investors in the Credit Linked Notes, which are credit-linked to multiple Reference 
Entities may be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in 
a particular industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar 
financial or other risks as other Reference Entities. 
Although at the Issue Date or Trade Date, as applicable, investors in Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and Local Access Credit Linked Notes will have exposure to a single Reference Entity, investors should 
note that the risk set out above will equally apply to such Credit Linked Notes when multiple successors 
are identified in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and/or interest 
Following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain Restructuring Credit Events, 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable may be determined based 
on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted 
into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of such original 
obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for no 
compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of 
principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be 
payable to the investor, but the investor shall be exposed to all losses incurred (to the extent that such 
losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where 
"Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the

--- Page 119 ---
RISK FACTORS 
93
 
Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their nominal amount. 
In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the payment of Contingent Interest only (and not any 
Non-Contingent Interest or principal) is contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in respect of the 
Reference Entity. Accordingly, if a Credit Event occurs in relation to the Reference Entity, this will not 
result in full or partial redemption of such Securities; however, such Securities will cease to accrue 
Contingent Interest (in full or in part) as detailed below. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest (in full or in part) will cease to accrue on a specified 
portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes depending on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Contingent Interest) will cease from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is 
no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on Default" is 
applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will cease to 
accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, interest (or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown 
Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted 
in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been published 
or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will convene a meeting 
to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest (or, in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) payable assuming the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable, had occurred, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, as though no partial exercise 
occurred and where the amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, assuming 
that fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has occurred.  
Investors should be aware that although payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended, being the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount, such interest shall be claimed by the 
Issuer from any amount payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or write down in full of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall 
have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot 
be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods.

--- Page 120 ---
RISK FACTORS 
94
 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will otherwise continue 
to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the earlier to occur of any full redemption 
at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Non-Contingent Interest will also continue to be payable in full on the Securities. Where "Credit 
Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes in respect of 
the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate. 
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any Successor or Successors to the Reference Entity, and any such change may 
affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. "Successor" means, the entity or entities, if 
any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. 
For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may only be a Successor to a Reference Entity that is a 
sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, annexation, unification, secession, partition, 
dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.  
The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to 
reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and for the 
purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally 
among the Successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding 
in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such 
amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor, considered in the aggregate. The Calculation Agent will also be responsible for 
determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant succession, the 
sovereign or entity, if any, that qualifies as the Successor. Investors should note that the Credit Linked 
Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one or more 
Successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the original 
Reference Entity, which could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should 
also be aware that the determination of a Successor will not necessarily result in the assumption of that 
obligation by the Successor either at all or in the same proportion as the allocation of the notional amount 
of the original Credit Linked Note. 
Volatile prices 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, 
(a) the actual or perceived creditworthiness and credit ratings of each Reference Entity and any 
guarantors or other supporters of its relevant obligations; (b) expected rates of recovery on obligations 
of the Reference Entity; (c) actions of a Reference Entity and its principal creditors; (d) the nature of 
each Reference Entity's outstanding indebtedness, including its maturity and subordination structure and 
any guarantees or other support that the Reference Entity has provided to other entities; (e) the 
contractually specified credit-related events with respect to a Reference Entity that may trigger settlement 
of the Credit Linked Notes; (f) optionality that a party may have, such as the ability to select the 
obligations of a Reference Entity that will be delivered or valued or to decide whether or not to trigger 
settlement; (g) correlation among the credit spreads and/or default probabilities of the components of a 
basket or index, if applicable; (h) market liquidity; (i) the time remaining to the maturity; or (j) economic, 
financial, political and regulatory or judicial events or conditions that affect a Reference Entity or its 
outstanding obligations, or the market for Credit Linked Notes or related financial markets, including 
credit spreads in the market. Such volatility could impact on the market value of the Credit Linked Notes 
and this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities. As a result, if you sell your Securities 
prior to scheduled maturity or expiry, you may receive less than your initial investment or even zero. 
Market liquidity  
Various factors may affect the market liquidity for the Credit Linked Notes. Future regulation of Credit 
Linked Notes could limit market liquidity. In respect of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, certain tenors of the relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit 
Linked Note may be more liquid than others. The market liquidity of an Index Untranched Credit Linked

--- Page 121 ---
RISK FACTORS 
95
 
Note or Index Tranched Credit Linked Note may also vary significantly between the current series of the 
relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit Linked Note and prior series. The market liquidity of 
instruments based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities will generally be less than that of 
instruments linked to standardised indices and terms. The market liquidity of a single-name Reference 
Entity may be affected by the Reference Entity's inclusion or exclusion from a standardised index, with 
exclusion from an index generally expected to result in diminished market liquidity.  
In addition, Credit Linked Notes with terms that differ from trading conventions may have substantially 
less market liquidity and price transparency. Consequently, market liquidity could vary during the term 
of a Credit Linked Note and will affect the value of such Credit Linked Note. There is no assurance that 
the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates will be able to provide prices with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes or that a secondary market can develop with respect to the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may make announcements, determinations and 
resolutions which may have a negative effect on the value of and return on Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees make determinations that are relevant to the majority 
of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency. In making any 
determination with respect to a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession date, the Calculation Agent may 
have regard to announcements, determinations and resolutions made by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. In certain circumstances (including, without limitation, the determination 
of the occurrence of an "Event Determination Date"), the Credit Linked Notes will be subject to the 
announcements, determinations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Such announcements, determinations and resolutions could affect the quantum and timing of payments 
of interest and principal on the Credit Linked Notes, and may have a negative effect on the value of and 
return on the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors have no role in respect of the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees or questions referred thereto 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules (DC Rules) (which may be amended by a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees) provide that eligible market participants may raise 
questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which have the power to make binding 
decisions on critical issues such as, without limitation, whether a Credit Event has occurred, whether 
there is a Successor to a Reference Entity, which obligations of a Reference Entity are deliverable, 
whether or not an auction will be held and on matters of contractual interpretation relevant to the credit 
derivatives market generally. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates has no duty to any investor to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees.  
In addition, Securityholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. A separate criterion will apply to the selection of dealer and non-dealer 
institutions to serve on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees (DC Member), and investors 
will have no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will change from time to time as the term of a member institution may expire 
or a member institution may be required to be replaced. Investors will have no control over the process 
for selecting institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees given the 
process is governed by the DC Rules. To the extent provided for in the Credit Linked Notes, the 
determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be final and binding with 
respect to specific matters set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes, where relevant.  
Investors will not be notified of deliberations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
Notices of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings convened to 
deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). Neither the Issuer, Dealer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall be obliged to inform investors of such updates 
as published from time to time. Investors should carefully monitor the matters under consideration by

--- Page 122 ---
RISK FACTORS 
96
 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and their determinations as such determinations may 
affect an investor's rights under the Credit Linked Notes. 
Notwithstanding that an investor may be unaware of information relating to determinations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee as published on the DC Secretary's website, this will not impact 
any redemptions, reductions in interest write-downs or determinations made by the Calculation Agent 
and/or Issuer.  
Investors will have no recourse against any of the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. 
DC Members do not owe any duty to investors, and investors will be prevented from pursuing legal 
claims with respect to actions taken by such DC Member in its capacity as such under the DC Rules. 
This equally applies to the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent and/or one or more of their affiliates if any 
of them is a DC Member. DC Members have no duty to investigate, supplement or verify the accuracy 
of information on which a determination is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are not obligated to follow previous determinations or to apply principles of interpretation 
such as those that might guide a court in interpreting contractual provisions. Therefore, investors should 
be aware that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee could reach a conflicting determination 
for a similar set of facts, which may affect the Credit Linked Notes in a way that was not originally 
expected by investors. 
Requirement for publicly available information 
The Credit Linked Notes may specify that only publicly available information regarding a relevant event 
may be used to trigger or modify the transaction. The Credit Linked Conditions contain standards as to 
what constitutes publicly available information. If a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession occurs, 
amongst other events, but the requisite public information about the event is not available within the 
applicable time periods, then the event will not take effect under the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that in certain circumstances it may be difficult to verify the occurrences of certain 
Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, as a party in possession of such information which may 
evidence such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may be contractually prohibited from disclosing 
information to another party by virtue of any credit agreement or other agreement with the Reference 
Entity, any underlying obligor, any affiliate of the Reference Entity or of the underlying Obligor or such 
party may be bound by or subject to a confidentiality obligation or agreement whereby the required 
information for verification may not be capable of disclosure without breaching such confidentiality 
undertakings. Accordingly, there may be circumstances when a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, 
may not be capable of trigger under the Credit Linked Notes due to lack of publicly available information. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Trade Date and Issue Date, 
including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the public filings of the Reference 
Entity or the value of the underliers will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such 
events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning an issuer could 
adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes, its usefulness for any investor's intended purpose, 
and the timing or amount of payments or deliveries. 
Risks associated with Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit 
Linked Interest Notes, the amounts payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the 
basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction procedure set out in the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms (available at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website)). In respect of specified obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an 
auction final price determination date will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction 
process may be greater or less than the losses which would have been determined in the absence of the 
auction. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, 
which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The 
administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the 
risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower

--- Page 123 ---
RISK FACTORS 
97
 
recovery value than an obligation of the Reference Entity would have had if such final price had been 
determined pursuant to alternative methods. 
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may 
be based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date 
different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of and 
return on such Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Physical Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where Physical Redemption applies to Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the Issuer must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified deliverability 
criteria and deliver those obligations to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible 
to accomplish under some circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified 
or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by 
the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or 
delays in receiving such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or 
permit partial cash settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which 
may include redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. 
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may 
restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery 
expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The calculation of the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined by (i) first, 
ascertaining all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity (ii) then deducting any delivery 
expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts and determining all or any portion of such 
principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than a Permitted Contingency (as 
defined below)) or prohibited action which need to be disregarded, leaving an amount equal to the non-
contingent amount and (iii) finally, determining the quantum of the claim that could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of such non-contingent amount if the obligation was redeemed or 
accelerated which would be the outstanding principal balance. If payments of principal are subject to a

--- Page 124 ---
RISK FACTORS 
98
 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could be zero). 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: (a) as a result of the application of: (i) any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant 
to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) provisions 
implementing the subordination of the obligation; (iii) provisions allowing for a transfer of a qualifying 
guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in 
the case of any other guarantees); (iv) any solvency capital provisions if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; or (v) if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable to the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms, provisions (a) which permit 
the Financial Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a governmental intervention; or (b) which is within the control of 
the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee). 
Outstanding Principal Balance – Fallback Discounting 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provides for the quantum of the claim to be determined 
in accordance with any applicable laws that reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where "Fallback Discounting" applies and if certain other 
conditions are met, being (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or 
discounted in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) the relevant obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount where, in each case, no provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case 
may be exists, prospective investors should note that Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable 
Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, would need to account for the Outstanding Principal 
Balance which would be further reduced in such case which could result in an anticipated par claim being 
treated as less than par. In such circumstances, the Credit Linked Conditions provide that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount 
determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.  
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
If all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a 
Securityholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical 
Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large 
a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest 
unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be 
deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and 
effectively discharged in such circumstances.  
Delivery of loans 
Where Physical Redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria. 
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds.

--- Page 125 ---
RISK FACTORS 
99
 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Risks associated with Cash Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Cash Redemption" applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest Notes, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event. Accordingly, 
any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which 
would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value 
that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the 
selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations 
are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a particular 
determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount or incurred 
loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the exposure 
to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately realised by 
a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following 
a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations.  
Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
Where the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being 
materially lower than the prevailing price of the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Investors should note that Fixed Recovery Redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage 
set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly. 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the 
loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. Investors accordingly 
will bear the loss of their principal.

--- Page 126 ---
RISK FACTORS 
100
 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be 
delivered or valued following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of a Reference 
Entity, it is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity 
with the lowest anticipated market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for an investor. 
Obligations of differing maturities, currencies or payment priority (either contractual or under applicable 
insolvency law), among other characteristics, may diverge considerably in market value. Similar 
considerations apply where Auction Redemption applies given that the representative transaction that is 
priced in an auction generally allows a choice of deliverable obligations from a final list established by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee whereby participating bidders provide two way prices. 
Payments of the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred or suspended 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred 
and the related credit loss, incurred loss amount or incurred recovery amount (in the case of Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) has not been determined as 
at the relevant Scheduled Maturity Date or the Credit Event Redemption Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) where a potential Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, is determined 
to occur as at the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes (including Potential Failure to Pay if 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms), (iii) where a DC Credit Event Question has been submitted but the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC Credit Event Announcement, announced 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved 
whether or not to convene to resolve any issue, or (iv) a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as 
applicable, may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which 
may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurring, payment of the redemption amount of the Credit Linked Notes and/or interest on 
the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to 
an investor. In such circumstances, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action with respect to redemption 
in relation to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor 
in connection with such tolling or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount. Once 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the 
relevant timing requirements that pertain to settlement that have previously tolled or been suspended 
shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
Investors should note that where it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the investor to provide 
account details of its designee) or for a Securityholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond the 
control of such Securityholder), the obligation of the Issuer to pay any amount scheduled to be paid will 
be postponed until such time that the event no longer exists or is cured but where the event continues to 
exist on the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's 
obligations to the investor will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. Any postponement or 
deemed discharge of payment pursuant will not constitute an Event of Default hereunder (as defined in 
General Condition 13 (Events of Default)) and will not entitle the relevant Investors to any additional 
interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
Determination of Event Determination Dates and Credit Event Redemption Dates post Scheduled 
Maturity Date 
Investors should note that an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
which would give rise to a redemption could occur as a result of notices being provided during the 
prescribed notice delivery period or post dismissal additional period which may occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or, in some cases 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event Announcement Date as a result 
of requests submitted after the Scheduled Maturity Date by market participants to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to be

--- Page 127 ---
RISK FACTORS 
101
 
convened to deliberate an issue. The Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Note may also be 
extended where the last relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, Final Physical Redemption Cut Off 
Date with respect to physical redemption, the last Payment Failure Cut-Off Date or the RMB Currency 
Settlement Cut-Off Date occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash 
Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial Cash Redemption Date, as applicable). In each of these 
circumstances, the scheduled maturity date of the Credit Linked Notes will be extended and investors 
should note that the final redemption amounts, if any would be payable on a date later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor in connection with such tolling 
or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount.  
Adjustments and amendments 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes may be subject to amendments without consent of the 
investors, where an Event Determination Date is deemed either to have occurred on a date that is different 
from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred. 
Certain DC resolutions may reverse prior DC resolutions or the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date that has resulted in the identification of Successors, Substitute Reference Obligations 
or the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date, Physical Redemption Date, Valuation 
Date or Delivery Date, as applicable and depending on the circumstances, may have the effect of 
reversing the economic impact for the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that in these 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion will determine the adjustment 
payment, if any, that is payable to investors, the date the adjustment payment is payable and no accruals 
of interest, if any, shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment and when 
making such adjustments, no further consent of the Securityholder shall be required. Securityholders 
should note that in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the Calculation Agent will not be 
required to take into account the reversal of a prior DC resolution or an Event Determination Date, where 
such reversal occurs more than a year after (x) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Event Determination Date or (y) the Event Determination Date, as applicable, and in such case, the 
Calculation Agent will not be required to make any adjustment payments to Securityholders. 
Further, investors should note that the Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the 
consent of the Securityholders, amend provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions in any manner which 
the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable 
(i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) 
the operation or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
and/or (ii) to account for market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any 
such amendment may affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Calculation Agent and one or more of its affiliates is a leading dealer in the credit derivatives market. 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable under the Credit Linked Notes and an auction is held in respect 
of a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred, there is a high probability that the 
Calculation Agent or one of its affiliates would act as a participating bidder in any such auction. In such 
capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the final price determined pursuant to the 
auction, including, without limitation, (i) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests (on our 
own behalf or on behalf of customers) with respect to the representative auction settled transaction and 
(ii) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to 
convert any obligations that are not denominated in the auction currency into such currency for purposes 
of the auction. In deciding whether to take any such action, or whether to act as a participating bidder in 
any auction, the Calculation Agent or one or more of its affiliates (as applicable) shall be under no 
obligation to consider the interests of any investors and the effects of their participation may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of a Credit Linked Note. 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may also be a 
voting member on one or more of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees responsible for 
determining the occurrence of Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, for the purposes of certain 
credit derivatives transactions and may take certain actions that may influence the process and outcome 
of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Such entities may also have an 
inherent conflict of interest in the outcome of any such determinations. The actions taken by such entities

--- Page 128 ---
RISK FACTORS 
102
 
may also be adverse to the interests of an investor and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the 
Issuer, the Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates. In performing any duty 
under the DC Rules that govern the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates shall have no obligation 
however to consider the interests of an investor and may ignore any conflict of interests arising in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may also have an 
interest in data sources that publish credit indices and may participate, together with other dealers, in the 
process or advisory committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of the index 
CDS (as defined below) and makes certain other determinations with respect to the index, including the 
removal of Reference Entities or reference obligations from the index CDS or to determine changes in 
the composition of indices. The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective 
affiliates may also participate and vote in committees affecting the credit default swap industry generally. 
By virtue of such participation in each of the circumstances described above, the Issuer, the Dealer, the 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests 
of any investor in their actions and decisions and investors should note that the activities of the Issuer, 
the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates as described herein may present 
a conflict between the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates' 
obligations and the interests of an investor under the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Issuer, the Dealer or the Calculation Agent may have dealings and information in relation to 
Reference Entities 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may, now or in the 
future, deal in obligations of the Reference Entities, make equity investments in a Reference Entity, 
engage in business with a Reference Entity, its affiliates and its competitors or any other person or entity 
having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, including making loans to, or otherwise extend credit 
to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business, including 
asset management or other advisory services, including merger and acquisition or bankruptcy-related 
advisory services. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may 
also participate in loan restructurings or recapitalisations that may affect the Credit Linked Note and any 
reference obligations. In such circumstances, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or 
their respective affiliates may act with respect to such dealings, business and advisory freely and without 
accountability to any investor in the same manner as if the Credit Linked Notes did not exist, and any 
such action might have an adverse effect on any investor (including, without limitation, any action that 
might give rise to a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable). 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may be, whether by virtue of 
the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at any time, in possession of information in 
relation to any Reference Entity (or any obligations thereof) which is or may be material in the context 
of the Credit Linked Notes and which is or may not be known to the general public or Securityholders. 
The Credit Linked Notes do not create any obligation to disclose to Securityholders any such relationship 
or information (whether or not confidential), notwithstanding that any such relationship or information 
may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent an interest in obligations of Reference Entities 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent or convey any interest in any obligations of Reference Entities 
or any direct or indirect obligation of any Reference Entity to an investor. The Issuer is not an agent of 
any investor for any purpose and an investor will not have rights equivalent to those of a holder of debt 
obligations of a Reference Entity, such as voting rights or rights to receive consent fees or other 
distributions from a Reference Entity. For example, if a restructuring occurs with respect to a Reference 
Entity, the investor, unlike a holder of a Reference Entity's obligations, will have no right to challenge 
or participate in any element of the restructuring. If the Issuer is the owner of one or more obligations of 
a Reference Entity, it may exercise its voting or control rights or otherwise act in its capacity as holder 
of such obligations without regard to the interests of an investor, and such actions could adversely affect 
the Credit Linked Notes held by an investor. Consequently, the investor's purchase of the Credit Linked 
Notes may be riskier than a direct investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity. The purchase of a 
Credit Linked Note differs from an offering of new obligations by a Reference Entity in that none of the

--- Page 129 ---
RISK FACTORS 
103
 
subscription moneys paid with respect to the Credit Linked Note will go to a Reference Entity. The Issuer 
in addition does not grant any security interest over any such obligations of the Reference Entity.  
Operational risks and notices 
The Credit Linked Notes may require that certain notices be given in order to exercise rights, realize 
value or protect and preserve interests under the Credit Linked Notes, including but not limited to notices 
to investors by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or that 
describes a succession together with supporting information, the choice of obligations to be delivered or 
valued, certain potential Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable and the exercise of the right to utilize 
parallel auctions in the case of certain restructuring Credit Events and in the case of Physical Redemption, 
the provision of a Deliverable Obligation Notice by an investor.  
Investors should have arrangements for delivering and receiving such notices and monitoring the actions 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, and be prepared to take the necessary or 
appropriate steps when it receives such notices or learn of such actions where an investor needs to take 
action pursuant to such notice. Failure to take the relevant steps or actions within the requisite time 
periods could adversely affect an investor's interests under a Credit Linked Note.  
Investors should note that in some cases, determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may substitute for a required notice, modify the effect of a previously delivered notice or 
alter the period during which a notice may be delivered which may impact on timings of notices provided 
by the Issuer. Where the relevant notice is to be provided by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Principal Paying Agent, investors should note that a failure by any of such parties to deliver the relevant 
notices or any decision by any of them not to deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice to the 
investor shall not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Credit Linked Notes. Investors should 
further note that where any notice is required to be delivered by the Issuer to investors, such notices shall 
be deemed to have been delivered to investors upon delivery of such notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
by the Issuer. The failure of the Principal Paying Agent to deliver any such notice to Securityholders 
shall not affect however (i) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and/or the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent (ii) the effectiveness of any determinations made 
by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem (whether in whole or in part) the Credit Linked 
Notes or to write down any aggregate principal notional of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in 
accordance with the relevant Credit Linked Conditions.  
Interpretation of terms  
The terms of the Credit Linked Notes are subject to interpretation and further evolution. In some 
instances, the views of market participants may differ as to how the terms of specific credit provisions 
should be interpreted in the context of specific events, entities and obligations in comparison to that of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or Calculation Agent where applicable. Accordingly, the 
consequences resulting from the interpretation of various terms could vary in the context of the Credit 
Linked Notes and result in unexpected losses, redemption, write-down, reduction in interest and other 
economic impact for an investor.  
Foreign exchange risks 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, a currency conversion may be required to effect 
certain determinations, calculations in relation to any payment or delivery obligation with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes. Delivery of an underlying obligation denominated in a currency that is different 
from the settlement currency of the Credit Linked Notes will have effects similar to a currency 
conversion. Investors should note that with respect to any auction in connection with Auction 
Redemption, the relevant exchange rates to be applied with respect to the auction, where relevant will be 
set by the auction administrators prior to any auction final price determination date. In such 
circumstances, the Credit Linked Notes will have foreign exchange rate risk, which may have a negative 
effect on the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to

--- Page 130 ---
RISK FACTORS 
104
 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer and any Investor. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked 
Notes and making any determinations expressed to be made by it, the Calculation Agent shall either act 
in its sole and absolute discretion or act in a commercially reasonable manner, depending on the election 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Calculation Agent acts in its sole and absolute 
discretion, it is under no obligation to act in the interests of any investor, nor will it be liable to account 
for any profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations. Any 
determinations made or actions taken by the Calculation Agent may have a negative effect on the value 
of and return on the Securities.  
Risks relating to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring with respect to the nth Reference Entity is affected 
significantly by the default correlation among the Reference Entities. Accordingly, the value of an Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note at any time will depend significantly on expectations about default 
correlation at that time, in addition to the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled 
"Volatile prices".  
Moreover, because of the difficulty of predicting the likelihood that a given number of Reference Entities 
will default, the value of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note is subject to "model risk" – i.e., 
the risk that the model used by a party will fail to accurately predict the likelihood that the applicable 
number of Reference Entities default, causing unpredictable outcomes to potentially result in significant 
losses for an investor. See "Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes" below.  
Securityholders should carefully review the terms of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
relating to: (i) whether and how substitution of a Reference Entity occurs upon certain events such as the 
determination of a Successor resulting in repetition of a Reference Entity in the basket of Reference 
Entities; (ii) how events that result in two or more Successors are addressed; and (iii) the manner and 
order in which defaulting Reference Entities are counted. These terms, as well as the provisions relating 
to the designation of a Successor, may affect the correlation among the Reference Entities and the number 
and timing of defaults that are deemed to have occurred. 
Risks relating to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
With respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, investors should note that they could be exposed to 
significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception of the credit quality of the 
underlying Reference Entities. The market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference 
Entities may be highly volatile and may change very rapidly following the availability of new 
information. Investors should refer to the risk factors entitled "Credit risk of the Reference Entity", 
"Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity", "Actions of Reference Entities", 
"Historical performance may not predict future performance", and "Concentrated credit risk where 
Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions". Investors should carefully review 
the list of Reference Entities that constitute the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and evaluate whether 
such exposure meets its stated objectives and is representative of the market to which exposure is 
required. 
Investors should note that an investment in relation to a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities may have 
significantly less liquidity than there is for an investment in an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note 
which is based on a standardised index CDS and accordingly there may be no or a limited secondary 
market in such Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Investors could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception 
of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities within the relevant index. The Reference 
Entities included in an index CDS will typically have certain specified characteristics in common, such 
as type of obligor (e.g., corporate, municipal or sovereign); geographic region (e.g., North America, 
Europe, Asia or emerging markets); and/or credit rating category (e.g., investment grade or high yield). 
These characteristics may be relevant to the probability of a Credit Event occurring under the Index

--- Page 131 ---
RISK FACTORS 
105
 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, as Credit Events 
may be more likely for Reference Entities with certain of these characteristics than for others. The 
market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities may be highly volatile and 
may change very rapidly following the availability of new information. The market for index CDSs has 
been subject to significant distortions from time to time in the past as a result of the actions of one or a 
small number of market participants that may take large positions in an index CDS. These distortions 
have in the past led, and may in the future lead, to a high degree of volatility, as well as a wide and 
potentially unsustainable divergence between the market price of index CDSs and the price that would 
be expected based on the market price of credit default swaps on the underlying Reference Entities. The 
Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates' trading activities 
may represent a significant portion of the market for particular index CDS and, the Issuer, the Dealer, 
the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may be a contributor to such volatility 
and distortions. Accordingly, investors should note that they could be exposed to the volatility with 
respect to the index CDS which could have an impact on the market value of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, over time.  
Given that the risks of an index CDS will vary depending on the characteristics of the underlying 
Reference Entities, investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the 
index CDS referenced in the Issue Terms and evaluate whether such exposure meets its stated objectives 
and is representative of the market to which exposure is required. In addition, investors should understand 
that the Reference Entities in an index of investment grade Reference Entities may be investment grade 
rated only at inception of the index or relevant series of the index, and that such Reference Entities may 
be downgraded thereafter.  
Investors should also note that there is no guarantee that there will be a liquid market for any particular 
index CDS. An index sponsor may publish a new series of an underlying index from time to time (for 
example, every six months). Market liquidity is often concentrated in the most recent series and may 
decline for a given index CDS when a new series of the index is published.  
Investors should note that the index sponsor may calculate the published spread or price for an index 
CDS based on a poll of dealers. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates may be one of the dealers polled by the index sponsor and, if so, the actions of the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates in such circumstances could 
affect the published spread or price. In addition, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or 
more of their respective affiliates may participate, together with other dealers, in the process or advisory 
committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of the index CDS and makes certain 
other determinations with respect to the index, including the removal of Reference Entities or reference 
obligations from the index CDS. In taking any such actions, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests of any investor 
under the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. 
Investors should therefore be aware that any such action by the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates could affect the index CDS and therefore also adversely affect 
the market value of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable. See also "Potential conflicts of interest" above.  
Unless stated otherwise in the Issue Terms, a Merger Event will not apply to any Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and therefore such Credit Linked Notes will 
not early redeem where a Reference Entity becomes an affiliate of the protection seller or one such entity 
merges with or makes a substantial asset transfer to the other.  
In addition, investors are exposed to losses arising from Credit Events in relation to Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only to the extent that aggregate losses 
exceed the "attachment point" but remain less than the "detachment point" of the tranche. The likelihood 
that an investor will be exposed to losses is therefore greater for more subordinated tranches (i.e. those 
with a lower attachment point in relation to portfolio size). 
In addition, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable (other than the most senior tranches) are leveraged instruments because investors may incur 
losses on an accelerated basis relative to aggregate losses on the portfolio. Investors will not owe any 
payment for losses unless and until aggregate losses on the portfolio exceed the attachment point, but 
investors will be exposed to losses equal to the entire notional amount of the Index Tranched Credit

--- Page 132 ---
RISK FACTORS 
106
 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes (as applicable) if aggregate losses on the 
portfolio reach the detachment point. Therefore, the smaller the tranche size relative to the implied 
notional amount of the entire portfolio, the greater the degree of leverage (except with respect to the most 
senior tranches). For any given portfolio of Reference Entities, the lower the attachment point and the 
greater the leverage, the greater the risk for the investor where acting as though it were a protection seller. 
However, this does not mean that the most senior tranches present low risks for protection sellers.  
The value of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, will be influenced by the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled "Volatile 
prices" but in addition, the value of such Credit Linked Note will be influenced by expectations about 
"default correlation," among other model-dependent factors. Default correlation refers to the likelihood 
of any given number of Reference Entities experiencing a Credit Event over any given time period. 
Changes in default correlation affect tranches of different seniority differently. In general, from the 
perspective of an investor acting as though it were a protection seller, holding all other factors constant: 
(a) a decrease in default correlation will decrease the value of the most junior tranche (i.e., the tranche 
with the lowest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the expected probability of 
losses on that tranche; (b) an increase in default correlation will decrease the value of the most senior 
tranche (i.e., the tranche with the highest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the 
expected probability of losses on that tranche; and (c) any increase or decrease in default correlation may 
either increase or decrease the value of mezzanine tranches (i.e., tranches between the most junior and 
most senior tranches), depending on a complex interplay of various factors.  
The degree of default correlation among the Reference Entities in a given portfolio may be influenced 
by numerous factors, including whether the Reference Entities operate in similar industries or geographic 
regions and whether the Reference Entities have similar levels of leverage (i.e., debt relative to equity). 
Default correlation tends to increase during economic downturns and decrease during periods of 
economic growth. Accordingly, although the most senior tranches are generally less risky to a protection 
seller than the most junior tranches, the most senior tranches will tend to lose value from the perspective 
of the protection seller at a faster rate than the most junior tranches during an economic downturn. In a 
downturn that widely affects the Reference Entities in a portfolio, a protection seller under a senior 
tranche may incur losses equal to the entire notional amount, in which case the senior tranche will prove 
to have been no less risky than junior tranches. Default correlation may change significantly, and in some 
cases abruptly, with changes in market conditions 
Default correlation is difficult to estimate, and different market participants may calculate it in different 
ways and may change the ways in which they calculate it over time which may be adverse to an investor 
in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable. 
Accordingly, the valuation of such Credit Linked Notes is subject to "model risk" (i.e., the risk that a 
valuation model does not accurately depict the value of a tranche or the relationship between tranche 
values) which may result in significant losses where certain strategies based on modelled relations 
between the values of tranches break down.  
The terms and conditions of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, as applicable, may provide for changes in the constituents of the index or portfolio of Reference 
Entities, as applicable, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the determination of a Successor. 
These changes may affect the level of default correlation among the Reference Entities in the portfolio 
and, therefore, the value of such Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that an investment in relation to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is 
based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entity may have significantly less liquidity than there is for 
an investment in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note which references a standardised index CDS. 
Accordingly, the valuation of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is more bespoke may be 
more complex and introduces greater model risk than the Index Tranched Credit Linked Note.  
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes - adjustments 
Investors should further note that in the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index, such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended 
without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the creation of a "New Single Name Credit Linked 
Note" having economic terms as closely as possible preserving the economic equivalent of the relevant

--- Page 133 ---
RISK FACTORS 
107
 
Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event Announcement which may be redeemed 
following exercise in accordance with the terms of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes. Any such 
amendment may adversely affect investors. 
Risks relating to Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Local access risks  
Credit Linked Notes may reference the obligations of a Reference Entity incorporated in or from a local 
access jurisdiction. An investment in such Credit Linked Notes involves risks associated with such 
jurisdictions, including potential risks of volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a 
developed system of law.  
Investors should note that it is a general feature of local access jurisdictions that they may be subject to 
rapid change and the risks involved may also change relatively quickly. With respect to any local access 
nation, there is the possibility of nationalisation, expropriation or confiscation, political changes, 
government regulation, social instability or other developments (including war) which could affect 
adversely the economies of such nations and/or the foreign exchange rates. Political or economic 
instability may affect investor confidence, which could in turn have a negative impact on the value of the 
obligation(s) of the local access Reference Entity or its creditworthiness and on foreign exchange 
markets. 
Conditions in local access countries are associated with higher risks of the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
which may occur together with circumstances that would restrict the deliverability of any Reference 
Asset, or which may result in especially adverse pricing and liquidity conditions in which a market value 
for such Reference Asset is to be determined. 
Local access debt typically comprises debt issued by non-highly rated issuers in respect of whom the 
possibility of default is greater than investment grade issuers. Local access considerations, in addition to 
and in combination with other conditions affecting the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity (including 
those resulting in a local access Reference Entity experiencing financial or economic difficulties), may 
significantly affect (a) the value of, and (b) any amounts paid on, its Obligation(s) and/or any Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or any Deliverable Obligation(s) and/or Reference Asset(s) (if any), each or all of 
which may be reduced to zero. 
Local access debt may be difficult to buy and/or sell, particularly during adverse market conditions, and 
prices may be more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in emerging or developing countries may 
be slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in more developed markets. This will affect the 
ability of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) to obtain prices for the Obligation(s) 
of the Reference Entity or any Reference Obligation(s) or any Deliverable Obligation(s) or any Reference 
Asset(s) (if any). 
Risk Events 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or 
an Additional Risk Event (together, the Risk Events) in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, 
in either case, unless the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain 
specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement 
the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take 
into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related 
directly to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference 
Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one 
or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to

--- Page 134 ---
RISK FACTORS 
108
 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; and 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Note(s). 
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event 
is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes for which "Reference Asset Only Settlement" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a 
Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore 
that returns on such Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances 
affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The 
creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, 
legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors 
in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant 
Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally representative obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists then any 
payment or delivery to an investor shall be reduced by an amount equal in value to the allocable 
proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Investors may therefore receive back less than their initial investment or, in the case of redemption 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event, losses may be greater than if the investor were to 
hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
Adjustment in respect of an Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount 
If "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" and "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and if the Calculation Agent determines that there would be an Interest Tax 
Deduction Amount and/or a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of amounts that would be 
received by a Reference Investor in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, then any relevant payment 
of interest or principal (as applicable) or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to an investor

--- Page 135 ---
RISK FACTORS 
109
 
shall be reduced by an amount equal in value to the allocable proportion of the Interest Tax Deduction 
Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Investors may therefore receive less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 136 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
110
 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
Before investing in Securities you should determine whether an investment in Securities is appropriate 
in your particular circumstances and should consult with your legal, business and tax advisers to 
determine the consequences of an investment in Securities and to arrive at your own evaluation of the 
investment. In particular, the Issuer recommend that you take independent tax advice before committing 
to purchase any Securities. None of the Issuers, the Arranger, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit 
Enhancer and any Dealer provides tax advice and therefore responsibility for any tax implications of 
investing in any Securities rests entirely with you. You should note that the tax treatment will differ from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. You will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including (without limitation) any state or local 
taxes or other similar assessment or charge that may be applicable to any payment in respect of the 
Securities. 
An investment in Securities is only suitable for you if you: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the 
merits and risks of an investment in Securities; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks 
in the context of your financial situation; 
(c) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in Securities for an indefinite period 
of time; and 
(d) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of Securities for a substantial period of time, if 
at all. 
You should make your own independent decision to invest in Securities and as to whether the investment 
in Securities is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement and upon advice from such 
advisers as you may deem necessary. You should not rely on any communication (written or oral) of the 
relevant Issuer, the Arranger, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer, any Dealer or any of their 
affiliates or their respective officers or agents as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in 
Securities, it being understood that information and explanations related to Securities shall not be 
considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest in Securities. No communication 
(written or oral) received from the Issuer, the Arranger, any Counterparty, any Issuer Credit Enhancer, 
any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers or agents shall be deemed to be an 
assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of an investment in Securities. 
Hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities 
Either Issuer and/or any of their affiliates may enter into arrangements to hedge the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities but are not required to do so. If they do so, either Issuer and/or any such affiliate 
will have certain rights under such hedging arrangements and may pursue actions and take steps that they 
deem appropriate to protect their own interests under such hedging arrangements without regard to the 
consequences for Securityholders. You will not have recourse to the applicable counterparty under any 
such hedging arrangements and any such hedging arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements 
on any Securityholders and will constitute separate obligations of the Issuer and/or any such affiliate. 
If you intend to purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in the 
particular Underlying(s), you should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this manner. 
For example, the value of the relevant Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s). Due to fluctuating supply and demand for Securities, there is no assurance that their value 
will correlate with movements of the Underlying(s). For these reasons, among others, it may not be 
possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any 
relevant Underlying, and you may suffer a loss accordingly.

--- Page 137 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
111
 
Leveraging 
Borrowing to fund the purchase of the Securities (leveraging) can have a significant negative impact on 
the value of and return on the investment. If you consider leveraging the Securities, you should obtain 
further detailed information as to the applicable risks from the leverage provider. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in Securities 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to certain Securities, and/or to 
the obligor(s) of the relevant Charged Assets (if any), the Counterparty (if any) and the relevant Charged 
Agreements (if any). The credit rating agencies may have different rating methodologies, criteria, models 
and requirements from one another. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the Securities. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be reduced, withdrawn or qualified by the rating 
agency at any time. If the ratings on any Securities are reduced, withdrawn or qualified, it could adversely 
affect the liquidity or the market value of such Securities.  
Additionally, the global landscape of financial sector regulation itself is undergoing significant change. 
In the U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, expands regulatory oversight of Citigroup Inc. (and 
its subsidiaries) and credit rating agencies. It is not clear how this expanded regulatory oversight will 
impact the ratings on the Securities or the rating of the Issuer. 
In general, European (excluding United Kingdom) regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency 
rating the Securities changes, European (excluding United Kingdom) regulated investors may no longer 
be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Securities may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in European (excluding United Kingdom) regulated investors selling the 
Securities which may impact the value of the Securities and any secondary market. The list of registered 
and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating the Securities changes, 
United Kingdom regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and 
the Securities may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in United Kingdom regulated 
investors selling the Securities which may impact the value of the Securities and any secondary market. 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated FCA list. 
Provision of information 
None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Share Trustees, the Corporate Service Provider, the Trustee, the 
Agents, any Dealer, the Counterparty (if any), the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) or the Credit Support

--- Page 138 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
112
 
Provider (if any) and any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the credit quality of 
any Counterparty, Issuer Credit Enhancer, Credit Support Provider or obligor of a Charged Asset. Any 
of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Securities may acquire, non-public 
information with respect to any Counterparty, Issuer Credit Enhancer, Credit Support Provider or obligor 
of any Charged Assets. None of such persons is under any obligation to make available any information 
relating to, or keep under review on the Securityholders' behalf, the business, financial condition, 
prospects, creditworthiness or status of affairs of the relevant Issuer, any Counterparty, Credit Enhancer, 
Credit Support Provider and any obligors of any Charged Assets or conduct any investigation or due 
diligence into any of them. 
Business relationships 
The Issuers, the Arranger, any Trustee, the Share Trustees, the Corporate Service Provider, the Agents, 
any Dealer, or any of their respective affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with 
any Counterparty, Issuer Credit Enhancer, Credit Support Provider or obligor of a Charged Asset 
(including, but not limited to, lending, depository, risk management, advisory and banking relationships) 
and will pursue actions and take steps that they deem or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect their 
or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Securityholder. Furthermore, 
the Arranger, any Trustee, the Share Trustees, the Corporate Service Provider, the Agents, any Dealer, 
the Counterparty (if any), the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) and 
any of their respective affiliates may buy, sell or hold positions in obligations of, or act as investment or 
commercial bankers, advisers or fiduciaries to, or hold directorship and officer positions in, any 
Counterparty, Issuer Credit Enhancer, Credit Support Provider and any obligor of a Charged Asset. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Securities  
The amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered in respect of the Securities at any time prior 
to the relevant maturity date is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Securities at 
that time. The difference between the trading price and such amounts due and/or value of any assets to 
be delivered, as the case may be, will reflect, among other things, the "time value" of the Securities. The 
"time value" of the Securities will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to maturity and 
expectations concerning the value of the Underlying(s).  
Securities pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of Securities varies 
as the price or level of the Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, 
including (i) the trading price of the relevant Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), 
(iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of any Redemption 
Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) 
in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying(s) and (viii) any 
related transaction costs. 
Any sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the 
original purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks 
The fallback provisions described in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and 
Benchmarks apply as follows: 
Reference Rates: 
 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any Reference Rate 
to be applicable in respect of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series, 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 (the Reference Rate Event Provisions) shall apply. 
 
A Reference Rate Event occurs with respect to a Reference Rate (which means any interest rate 
howsoever described in the Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to the 
provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions) where the Relevant Agent determines that 
(i) the Reference Rate has been or will be materially changed, has ceased or will cease to be 
provided permanently or indefinitely and there is no successor administrator or provider that 
will continue to provide the Reference Rate, or a regulator or other official sector entity has 
prohibited or will prohibit the use of or it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate

--- Page 139 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
113
 
in respect of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series and/or any 
related hedging arrangements; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of the Reference Rate 
or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or 
has been, or will be, refused or similar and as a result the relevant Issuer, any Counterparty, the 
Relevant Agent or any other entity is not or will not be permitted under applicable law or 
regulation to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their obligations under the 
Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series; (iii) it is not commercially 
reasonable to continue use of the Reference Rate due to licensing restrictions or changes in 
licensing costs; (iv) the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national, 
regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) 
supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the Reference 
Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or other official body with 
applicable responsibility announcing that the Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be, representative of any underlying market and economic reality that 
such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or 
(v) the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-the-
counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of standard 
terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will be replaced with 
a replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference 
such Reference Rate. 
 
The Relevant Agent will seek to determine a replacement Reference Rate which must be one of 
the following: 
(a) 
where applicable, if a replacement Reference Rate can be determined by interpolating 
from other tenors of the relevant Reference Rate, such interpolated Reference Rate, 
together with an adjustment; or 
(b) 
a pre-nominated replacement Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; or 
(c) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard replacement for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, together with an 
adjustment; or 
(d) 
an index, benchmark or other price source that the Relevant Agent determines to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate, together with an adjustment. 
 
In the alternative, the Relevant Agent may determine that no replacement Reference Rate is 
required or may adjust the term of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the 
Series as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Reference Rate 
Event. Where applicable, if no such determination and/or adjustments are made, and if the 
Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a 
replacement Reference Rate or calculate the relevant adjustment, the relevant Issuer may redeem 
the Securities early. In such circumstances, the Counterparty may also have a right under the 
relevant Charged Agreement to designate an early termination of such Charged Agreement, 
which would in turn also lead to an early redemption of the Securities (even if the relevant Issuer 
has not exercised its right to elect for early redemption). 
 
The Relevant Agent has powers to make amendments to the terms of the Securities and/or any 
Charged Agreement relating to the Series as it considers are necessary and/or appropriate to 
account for the effect of the replacement Reference Rate, and to determine the level of the 
Reference Rate to apply in respect of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to 
the Series on an interim basis. For related risks see "Interest on Securities linked to a Reference 
Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate selected by the Relevant Agent if a 
Reference Rate Event occurs". 
Benchmarks:

--- Page 140 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
114
 
 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the relevant rate, PROVIDED 
THAT the Reference Rate Event Provisions do not apply to the relevant event or circumstance, 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 (the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions) shall 
apply. 
 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to a Benchmark (which means any 
figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Securities and/or Charged 
Agreement relating to the Series, or the value of the Securities and/or Charged Agreement 
relating to the Series, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate) where 
the Relevant Agent determines that (i) a Benchmark is materially changed, cancelled or its use 
is prohibited by a regulator or other official sector entity in respect of the Securities and/or any 
Charged Agreement relating to the Series; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of a 
relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or 
will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected or similar with the effect that the relevant 
Issuer, any Counterparty or the Relevant Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its 
or their respective obligations under the Securities and/or Charged Agreement relating to the 
Series; (iii) it is not commercially reasonable to continue use of the Benchmark due to licensing 
restrictions or changes in licence costs; or (iv) a relevant supervisor and/or sponsor officially 
announces the benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date will no 
longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic 
reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
 
The Relevant Agent may make adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities and/or Charged 
Agreement relating to the Series as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the 
effect of the relevant event or circumstance, including, without limitation, the selection of a 
successor benchmark. Alternatively and if applicable, the relevant Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early. In such circumstances, the Counterparty may also have a right under the 
relevant Charged Agreement to designate an early termination of such Charged Agreement, 
which would in turn also lead to an early redemption of the Securities (even if the relevant Issuer 
has not exercised its right to elect for early redemption). For related risks see "Risks relating to 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" above. 
Rate as an Underlying: 
 
If an event or circumstance occurs with respect to a Rate which is an Underlying and if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify a Rate as an Underlying, PROVIDED THAT neither the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions nor the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply to 
the relevant rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the provisions of Underlying 
Schedule 13 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any 
Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the provisions 
relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions shall apply. 
For related risks, see "Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate".  
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and if the applicable Issue Terms specify Screen Rate 
Determination to be applicable, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Rate Conditions apply to 
the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the relevant 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.2(b) (as the case may be) shall apply as described below. 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the Page is not available or if no offered 
quotation or fewer than three offered quotations appear or no rate is provided or published by 
the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the relevant rate 
is not provided or published (as applicable), in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 
a.m. Sydney time in the case of BBSW, the Relevant Agent will determine the Screen Rate in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such source as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market).

--- Page 141 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
115
 
Such rate may be (without limitation) a rate published by another authorised distributor, a rate 
formally recommended by the administrator of the relevant rate or the administrator or 
supervisor or competent authority responsible for supervising such administrator, the last 
published rate or the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Relevant Agent. 
ISDA Determination: 
Where ISDA determination is selected as the method of calculation of a rate of interest, the relevant rate 
will be determined on the same basis as the rate that would be calculated under an 'over-the-counter' 
derivative transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA. 
These definitions provide a standard method of calculating interest and include certain 'fallback' 
provisions which may be used to determine an interest rate in the event of temporary or permanent 
discontinuation of the relevant rate. However, for the purposes of the Securities and/or any Charged 
Agreement relating to the relevant Series, the fallback provisions set out in the relevant ISDA interest 
rate definitions will only apply in certain circumstances as described below. 
The ISDA interest rate definitions have been amended, supplemented and replaced from time to time 
and, as at the date of this document, there are two versions which are relevant for the purposes of the 
Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series: the 2006 ISDA Definitions published 
by ISDA as amended or supplemented from time to time (the 2006 Definitions) and the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA as restated from time to time (together with any 
Matrices referred to therein, the 2021 Definitions). The applicable Issue Terms will indicate the version 
of the ISDA definitions which apply in respect of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating 
to the relevant Series. 
 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable and the 2006 Definitions are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that the ISDA Rate cannot be 
determined, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions and prior to the 
application of any provisions relating to an index cessation event (howsoever described) or other 
permanent cessation fallback provisions in the 2006 Definitions (including where applicable 
such fallbacks set out in any supplement to the 2006 Definitions and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), the ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or 
date shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). It should be noted, however, that even though relevant 
fallback provisions may be included in accordance with the terms of the ISDA Determination 
itself or the above provision, if prior ranking fallback provisions described in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 8 apply then these prior ranking fallback provisions will be applied first, 
meaning that any fallback provisions included as part of the ISDA Determination itself may not 
apply. 
 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable and the 2021 Definitions are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any fallback provisions relating to temporary cessation will apply in 
respect of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the relevant Series. However, 
prior to the application of any provisions relating to permanent cessation or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt 
any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference 
Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Rate Conditions 
apply to the relevant ISDA Rate as a result of such event or circumstance and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or date 
shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). See further "The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest 
rate to which the Securities are linked will result in the application of certain fallback 
provisions" above. 
 
For related risks, see "If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the 
Calculation Agent's discretion or by alternative methods ".

--- Page 142 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
116
 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination:  
 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and SONIA Floating Rate Determination and/or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that none of 
the Reference Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the 
Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or 
circumstance, the relevant provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(i), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(ii) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(iii) 
(as the case may be) shall apply as described below. 
 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is applicable (other than where Index 
Determination applies), if the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available 
on the relevant Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors 
on a relevant day, the Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: 
(a) 
(i) the Bank of Englandꞌs Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on 
such day in the relevant Observation Period; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on such 
day in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (A) 
how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (B) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Securities and/or any Charged 
Agreement relating to the relevant Series for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has 
not been published by the authorised distributors. For related risks, see "If a floating rate 
becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Calculation Agent's discretion or by 
alternative methods" above. 
 
If the relevant rate is unavailable, where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is applicable (and 
Index Determination applies) and/or SOFR Floating Rate Determination is applicable, the 
relevant SONIA Compounded Index value, or SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
Summary of certain Floating Rate Options for the purposes of "ISDA Determination" and applicable 
methodologies – Frequently Asked Questions 
The questions and answers set out below highlight selected information to help prospective investors 
understand certain Floating Rate Options (as defined below) and applicable methodologies that may be 
relevant when considering the application of "ISDA Determination" to the determination of certain rates 
of interest. However, any decision to invest in Securities should only be made after careful consideration 
of the Base Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(b) (ISDA Determination), as completed (and/or, in the case of Exempt 
Securities, supplemented and/or modified and/or replaced), as applicable, by the applicable Issue Terms. 
This section is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, such Conditions.  
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions 
and answers shall have the meaning given to them in the General Conditions. 
Introduction

--- Page 143 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
117
 
What is "ISDA Determination"?  
"ISDA Determination" is a method of calculating the ISDA Rate (i.e. the interest rate prior to adjustments 
for any margin or participation rate) applicable to certain rates of interest. Where "ISDA Determination" 
applies, the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period or a relevant day will be determined on the same basis as 
the rate that would be calculated for an equivalent period under an over-the-counter derivative (OTC) 
transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA, i.e. the 
2006 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, as applicable. These definitions provide a standard method of 
calculating interest and include certain fallback provisions which may be used to determine an interest 
rate in the event of temporary or permanent discontinuation of the relevant rate. 
When will "ISDA Determination" apply?  
"ISDA Determination" is applicable if "ISDA Determination" is elected as the method for calculating 
the rate of interest payable on the Securities.  
What are the 2006 Definitions? 
The 2006 Definitions is a definitional booklet published by ISDA, as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time. 
What are the 2021 Definitions? 
The 2021 Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, is a definitional booklet published by 
ISDA, as amended and/or updated from time to time. 
Floating Rate Options 
What is a Floating Rate Option? 
The interest rate under an OTC transaction incorporating the ISDA Definitions would be determined by 
reference to the underlying benchmark, which is referred to as the "Floating Rate Option" in the ISDA 
Definitions. Such Floating Rate Option would be as specified by the parties to such OTC transaction. 
Alternatively, in the context of the 2021 Definitions only, the parties may refer to the "Floating Rate 
Options" as set out within the Floating Rate Matrix, as updated from time to time.  
For the purposes of a rate of interest to which "ISDA Determination" applies, the Floating Rate Option 
will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is the Floating Rate Matrix? 
The Floating Rate Matrix is only relevant for only such swap transactions which incorporate the 2021 
Definitions. It specifies certain standard characteristics of each Floating Rate Option (including the 
"Category" that such Floating Rate Option belongs to and its "Style"). These characteristics would 
previously have been described using "long-hand" legal drafting in the 2006 Definitions. 
What are the different types of Floating Rate Options? 
There are different types of Floating Rate Options, including the following: 
(a) 
an Overnight Floating Rate Option (see further "What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option?" 
below); and 
(b) 
an Index Floating Rate Option (see further "What is an Index Floating Rate Option?" below). 
What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option? 
An Overnight Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that directly references an overnight rate. 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant benchmark will be identified as an "Overnight Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix.  
What is an Index Floating Rate Option?

--- Page 144 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
118
 
An Index Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that either: 
(a) 
describes the level of a calculated index and, where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant 
benchmark will be identified as an "Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix; or 
(b) 
describes the level of an index that represents the rate of return of a daily compound interest rate 
investment and, where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant benchmark will be identified as 
a "Compounded Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix. 
What methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options? 
Certain compounding or averaging methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options where market 
participants require the flexibility to more accurately hedge cash products which use different 
methodologies. Further, certain compounding methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options 
which are indices with a view to providing a standardised way of calculating compounded rates, 
especially for less sophisticated market participants who may not have access to detailed financial data. 
In any case, this is a commercial (rather than a legal) consideration and therefore it is not mandatory that 
such methodologies must always apply. In fact, for certain Floating Rate Options (such as term rates), 
the application of a methodology is not consistent with the nature of the Floating Rate Option itself and, 
therefore, such considerations would not be relevant for such Floating Rate Options. 
Under the Conditions, it is possible to apply a compounding or an averaging methodology to an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option (see further, "Overnight Rate Compounding Methods" and "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Methods" below) or certain index methodologies to an Index Floating Rate Option (see 
further, "Index Methods" below). Where such methodologies apply, these will be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Overnight Rate Compounding Methods  
Which compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options? 
Any of the following compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"OIS Compounding" (see further, "What is OIS Compounding?" below); 
(b) 
"Compounding with Lookback" (see further, "What is "Compounding with Lookback"?" 
below); 
(c) 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift?" below); and 
(d) 
"Compounding with Lockout" (see further, "What is Compounding with Lockout?" below). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other overnight rate compounding method may also be specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
What is OIS Compounding? 
If "OIS Compounding" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to 
determine the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest 
Period. 
As a result of the above, the compounded rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest 
Period.  
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for "Daily 
Capped Rate" and/or "Daily Floored Rate", as applicable, in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 145 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
119
 
What is "Compounding with Lookback"? 
If "Compounding with Lookback" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for a day falling a certain number of Business Days prior to such date (referred to as 
the "Lookback") and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the "Lookback" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or set out in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will depend on the relevant day in the Interest Period. 
What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift? 
If "Compounding with Observation Period Shift" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect 
of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for the corresponding day during an "observation period" which shadows such Interest 
Period (i.e. both the start and end dates of such Interest Period will be shifted by a specified 
number of days referred to as the "Observation Period Shift") and the levels of the daily observed 
rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the "Observation Period Shift" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
or set out in the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such 
observation period. 
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance of the relevant Interest Period by switching on "Set-in-
Advance" in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the rate will be determined by reference to a 
period (a "set-in-advance observation period") ending prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
What is Compounding with Lockout? 
If "Compounding with Lockout" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
for each day in the Interest Period up and to (and including) a specified date falling a 
number of Business Days before the end of the Interest Period (the Lockout Date), on 
the basis of the rate observed for such day; and 
(ii) 
for each day in the Interest Period from (but excluding) the Lockout Date up to the end 
of the Interest Period (referred to as the Lockout Period), on the basis of the rate 
observed on the Lockout Date (i.e. a single rate will apply during the Lockout Period), 
and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for 
such Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the Lockout Period will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or set out 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such 
Interest Period, including during the Lockout Period. This essentially means that the designation 
of a Lockout Period will not impact the weighting given to the rate. 
Overnight Rate Averaging Methods

--- Page 146 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
120
 
Which averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options? 
Any of the following averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"OIS Averaging" (see further, "What is "Overnight Averaging"?" below); 
(b) 
"Averaging with Lookback" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Lookback"?" below); 
(c) 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift"?" below); and 
(d) 
"Averaging with Lockout" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Lockout"?" below). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other overnight rate averaging method may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
What is "Overnight Averaging"? 
If "Overnight Averaging" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be averaged to determine 
the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest 
Period. 
As a result of the above, the averaged rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest 
Period.  
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for "Daily 
Capped Rate" and/or "Daily Floored Rate", as applicable, in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is "Averaging with Lookback"? 
"Averaging with Lookback" is similar to "Compounding with Lookback" (see "What is "Compounding 
with Lookback"?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than 
compounding) the levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
What is "Averaging with Observation Period Shift"? 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift" is similar to "Compounding with Observation Period Shift" 
(see "What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is 
determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
What is "Averaging with Lockout"? 
"Averaging with Lockout" is similar to "Compounding with Lockout" (see "What is Compounding with 
Lockout?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the 
levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
Index Methods 
Which methodologies may be applied to Index Floating Rate Options? 
In respect of Floating Rate Securities to which the 2021 Definitions apply, it is possible to apply the 
"Standard Index Method" (see further, "What is the "Standard Index Method"?" below) provided that 
such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Further, any of the following methodologies may be applied to Index Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as the Index Method in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 147 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
121
 
(a) 
"Compounded Index Method" (see further, "What is the "Compounded Index Method"?" 
below); and 
(b) 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is the 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift"?" below); and 
(c) 
"All-In Compounded Index Method" (see further, "What is the "All-In Compounded Index 
Method"?"). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other methodology may also be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
What is the "Standard Index Method"? 
If the "Standard Index Method" applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period, 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be calculated as the rate of return of the relevant index over 
such Interest Period (essentially, by comparing the change in the index level between the start of such 
Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
What is the "Compounded Index Method"? 
If the "Compounded Index Method" applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded 
index over such relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the compounded index 
level between the start of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
What is the "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift"? 
If the "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" applies to an Index Floating Rate 
Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded 
index over the "observation period" which shadows such Interest Period (i.e. both the start and 
end dates of such Interest Period will be shifted by a specified number of days referred to as the 
"Observation Shift Period"); and 
(b) 
the length of the "Observation Period Shift" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
or set out in the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance of the relevant Interest Period by switching on "Set-in-
Advance" in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the rate will be determined by reference to a 
period (a "set-in-advance observation period") ending prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
What is the "All-In Compounded Index Method"? 
If the "All-In Compounded Index Method" applies to a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option in 
respect of an Interest Period, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the 
relevant compounded index over such relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the 
compounded index level between the start of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
Considerations relating to linear interpolation provisions 
If "ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the ISDA Definitions will apply to the relevant 
Floating Rate Option. The Floating Rate Option shall be determined at the level of the related swap or 
hedging arrangement by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, PROVIDED THAT if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the calculation

--- Page 148 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
122
 
agent for the relevant swap shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. In such circumstances, the linear interpolation provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.2(j) of the Conditions shall not apply to the Securities. 
Citigroup Inc., Its Management and Its Businesses Must Continually Review, Analyse and 
Successfully Adapt to Ongoing Regulatory and Legislative Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and 
Globally 
Despite the adoption of final regulations and laws in numerous areas impacting Citigroup Inc. and its 
businesses over the past several years, Citigroup Inc., its management and its businesses continually face 
ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the United States of America (U.S.) 
and globally. While the areas of ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes facing 
Citigroup Inc. are too numerous to list completely, various examples include, but are not limited to (i) 
potential fiscal, monetary, regulatory, tax and other changes arising from the U.S. federal government 
and other governments, including as a result of the differing priorities of the current U.S. presidential 
administration, changes in regulatory leadership or focus and actions of Congress or in response to the 
pandemic; (ii) potential changes to various aspects of the regulatory capital framework and requirements 
applicable to Citigroup Inc.; and (iii) future legislative and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and 
globally related to climate change, including any new disclosure requirements. When referring to 
"regulatory", Citigroup Inc. is including both formal regulation and the views and expectations of its 
regulators in their supervisory roles. 
U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken or 
implemented on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop 
with respect to the scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even 
conflicting requirements, including within a single jurisdiction. For example, in May 2019, the European 
Commission adopted, as part of Capital Requirements Directive V (CRD V), a new requirement for 
major banking groups headquartered outside the EU (which would include Citigroup Inc.) to establish 
an intermediate EU holding company where the foreign bank has two or more institutions (broadly 
meaning banks, broker-dealers and similar financial firms) established in the EU. While in some respects 
the requirement mirrors an existing U.S. requirement for non-U.S. banking organisations to form U.S. 
intermediate holding companies, the implementation of the EU holding company requirement could lead 
to additional complexity with respect to Citigroup Inc.'s resolution planning, capital and liquidity 
allocation and efficiency in various jurisdictions.  
Moreover, ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes make Citigroup Inc.'s and its 
management's long-term business, balance sheet and strategic budget planning difficult, subject to 
change and potentially more costly. U.S. and other regulators globally have implemented and continue 
to discuss various changes to certain regulatory requirements, which would require ongoing assessment 
by management as to the impact to Citigroup Inc., its businesses and business planning. For example, 
while the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms and revised market risk framework have been finalised 
at the international level, there remain significant uncertainties with respect to the integration of these 
revisions into the U.S. regulatory capital framework. Business planning is required to be based on 
possible or proposed rules or outcomes, which can change dramatically upon finalisation, or upon 
implementation or interpretive guidance from numerous regulatory bodies worldwide, and such guidance 
can change. 
Regulatory and legislative changes have also significantly increased Citigroup Inc.'s compliance risks 
and costs and can adversely affect Citigroup Inc.'s businesses, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Underlying(s) of Securities labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or similar objectives  
The Underlying(s) of Securities (e.g. a Security Index) may be described or marketed as having "green", 
"sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives.  
Notwithstanding the use of such term(s) in the title and/or marketing materials of the Securities or in the 
description of the Underlying(s), such Underlying(s) (or the administrator(s) thereof):

--- Page 149 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
123
 
 
may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments which are "green", 
"sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or other similar label; and/or 
 
may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding investments which 
are "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or other similar label (including as set 
out under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy Regulation), 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services 
sector) and Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 (on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for 
bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and sustainability-linked bonds) or either of 
those regulations as they form part of the domestic law of the UK). 
There is currently no universally agreed framework (legal, regulatory, or any other) or market consensus 
on what constitutes a "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar product or the precise 
attributes required for a particular product to be defined as such, and no assurance can be given that such 
a universally accepted framework or consensus will develop over time. While there have been regulatory 
efforts in some jurisdictions and regions (particularly within the European Economic Area and the UK) 
to define similar concepts, the legal and regulatory framework governing sustainable finance is still 
developing and there can be no assurance that these local regimes will be more widely adopted in global 
financial markets.  
Accordingly, no assurance can be given to investors that any product will meet any or all of the investor's 
objectives or expectations regarding investments which are "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or other similar label or that no environmental, social and/or other impacts will occur in the 
implementation of the product. 
Payment of Issue Price 
Save as provided in the Conditions (including any costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses relating to the 
purchase, exercise and/or redemption of the Securities), the terms of the Securities are such that, in 
absence of error or overpayment by the Issuer, no payment is expected from Securityholders other than 
the Issue Price.

--- Page 150 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS 
124
 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS

--- Page 151 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE ENSEMBLE BASE PROSPECTUS 
125
 
SECTION D.1 - DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE ENSEMBLE 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, the Ensemble Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the annual accounts of Ensemble as at 31 December 2022 (the Ensemble 2022 Annual Report) 
(which is published on: https://gd.lu/rcsl/6SMS0W); and 
(b) 
the annual accounts of Ensemble as at 31 December 2023 (the Ensemble 2023 Annual Report) 
(which is published on: https://gd.lu/rcsl/1r8WCQ). 
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below:  
1. 
Audited historical financial information of Ensemble in respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2021, as set out in the Ensemble 2021 
Annual Report, namely: 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Other information 
3 
(b) 
Independent Auditor's Report 
4-6 
(c) 
Balance Sheet 
7-11 
(d) 
Profit and Loss Account 
12-13 
(e) 
Notes to the Annual Accounts 
14-74 
2. 
Audited historical financial information of Ensemble in respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2022, as set out in the Ensemble 2022 
Annual Report, namely: 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Other information 
2 
(b) 
Independent Auditor's Report 
3-5 
(c) 
Balance Sheet 
6-10 
(d) 
Profit and Loss Account 
11-12 
(e) 
Notes to the Annual Accounts 
13-86 
The Ensemble Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference therein will be available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). For the purposes of listing on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, information not listed in the tables above, but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference, are for information purposes only.  
The Ensemble Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the Ensemble Base Prospectus 
and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the Ensemble Base 
Prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the Ensemble Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus or the 
Ensemble Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the Ensemble 
Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or the Ensemble Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus or the Ensemble Base Prospectus.

--- Page 152 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE ENSEMBLE BASE PROSPECTUS 
126
 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the Ensemble Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts 
of such document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or 
the Ensemble Base Prospectus.

--- Page 153 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CONCERTO BASE PROSPECTUS 
127
 
SECTION D.2 - DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CONCERTO 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, the Concerto Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the Certificate of Incorporation of Concerto dated 5 March 2020 (which is published on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202501/c9fa9722-
367f-432e-b222-756060d5cb9d.pdf); and 
(b) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of Concerto dated 5 March 2020 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202501/659dd342-fc1a-4fab-834b-eeb60b3e0489.pdf). 
The Concerto Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the Concerto Base Prospectus 
and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the Concerto Base 
Prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the Concerto Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus or the 
Concerto Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the Concerto Base 
Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or the Concerto Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus or the Concerto Base Prospectus. 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the Concerto Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts 
of such document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or 
the Concerto Base Prospectus.

--- Page 154 ---
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
128
 
SECTION D.3 - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
1. 
Copies of the latest annual accounts of Ensemble may be obtained at the specified offices of 
each of the Principal Paying Agent and the other Paying Agents during normal business hours 
so long as any of the Securities issued by Ensemble is outstanding. Each of the above documents 
will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com and on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
2. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus and (i) in respect of 
Securities listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, for as long as the Securities are so listed 
and/or (ii) in respect of Securities listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to 
trading on the Global Exchange Market, for as long as the Securities are so listed and admitted 
to trading, copies of the following documents will be available as set out below: 
(i) 
the 
amended 
and 
restated 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
Ensemble, 
at 
https://gd.lu/resa/1Bw0Gw;  
(ii) 
the Certificate of Incorporation of Concerto dated 5 March 2020, at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202501/c9fa9722-367f-432e-
b222-756060d5cb9d.pdf; and 
(iii) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of Concerto dated 5 March 2020, at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202501/659dd342-fc1a-4fab-834b-eeb60b3e0489.pdf.  
3. 
In addition to the above, (i) an electronic copy of this Base Prospectus is, and all supplements 
to this Base Prospectus will be, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com (ii) electronic copies of all the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus are available on the websites specified in relation to each such document in the 
sections "Documents incorporated by reference for the Ensemble Base Prospectus" and 
"Documents incorporated by reference for the Concerto Base Prospectus" above, as applicable, 
and (iii) electronic copies of any documents incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus 
by any supplement will be available from the website specified in relation to such document in 
the relevant supplement.

--- Page 155 ---
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE ENSEMBLE BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CONCERTO BASE PROSPECTUS 
129
 
SECTION D.4 - SUPPLEMENTS TO THE ENSEMBLE BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE 
CONCERTO BASE PROSPECTUS 
Ensemble or Concerto, as the case may be, will while the Ensemble Base Prospectus and/or the Concerto 
Base Prospectus is valid in respect of Securities which are to be offered to the public and/or (except in 
the case of Securities issued by Concerto) admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA, in the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in the Ensemble Base Prospectus and/or the Concerto Base Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Securities, prepare a supplement to the Ensemble Base Prospectus and/or 
the Concerto Base Prospectus, as the case may be, or publish a new Ensemble Base Prospectus and/or 
the Concerto Base Prospectus, as the case may be, for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Securities.  
Investors should note that a new Ensemble Base Prospectus and/or Concerto Base Prospectus may be 
published during the Offer Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of a Non-exempt Offer in 
the EEA. In such circumstances, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for 
Securities under such Non-exempt Offer and before the date the new Ensemble Base Prospectus and/or 
Concerto Base Prospectus is published may have the right to withdraw their acceptances within the time 
period set out in such new Ensemble Base Prospectus and/or Concerto Base Prospectus, as the case may 
be.  
Such new Ensemble Base Prospectus and/or Concerto Base Prospectus will be available for viewing on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 156 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
130
 
SECTION E – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
1 
Type of Security .............................................................................................................. 137 
2 
Form, Denomination and Title ........................................................................................ 137 
3 
Exchanges and Transfers of Securities ............................................................................ 138 
4 
Status ............................................................................................................................... 142 
5 
Security ........................................................................................................................... 143 
6 
Restrictions ...................................................................................................................... 162 
7 
Interest ............................................................................................................................. 163 
8 
Redemption and Purchase ............................................................................................... 164 
9 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates ........................................................................ 182 
10 
Payments ......................................................................................................................... 185 
11 
Taxation ........................................................................................................................... 187 
12 
Prescription  .................................................................................................................... 187 
13 
Events of Default ............................................................................................................. 187 
14 
Enforcement .................................................................................................................... 188 
15 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, Substitution, Determinations and 
Rounding ......................................................................................................................... 192 
16 
Replacement of Securities ............................................................................................... 199 
17 
Further Issues .................................................................................................................. 199 
18 
Notices............................................................................................................................. 199 
19 
Redenomination .............................................................................................................. 200 
20 
Indemnification and Replacement of the Trustee ............................................................ 201 
21 
Trustee Contracting with Issuer and Other Parties .......................................................... 202 
22 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction .............................................................. 202 
23 
Rights of Third Parties  ................................................................................................... 203 
24 
Definitions ....................................................................................................................... 203 
25 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes ............................. 204 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS ......................................... 206 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 206 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 208 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 208 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 210 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 211 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 211 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS ....................................... 215 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 215 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 215 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 216 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 216 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 217 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 217 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS ................................... 220 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 220 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 221 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 221 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 223 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 223 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 223 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS ................................................. 226 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 226 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 229 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 229 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 230 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 230 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 230 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS ............................................................. 232 
1
Definitions ......................................................................................................................232

--- Page 157 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
131
 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 233 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 235 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 236 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 239 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 239 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS ................................ 241 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 241 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 243 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 243 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 245 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 248 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 248 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS
 
251 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 251 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 252 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 252 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 253 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 256 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 256 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS ............................................. 258 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 258 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 261 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 261 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 261 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 264 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 264 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS ......................................................... 266 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 266 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 267 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 267 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 269 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 269 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 269 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS ............................... 277 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 270 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 273 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 273 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 273 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 273 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 273 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 277 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 277 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 278 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 278 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 278 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 278 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS ........... 281 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 281 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 281 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 282 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 282 
5 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................................................................. 282 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 282 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS ............................................................. 285 
1 
Definitions  ...................................................................................................................... 285 
2 
Valuation ......................................................................................................................... 285 
3 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................... 285 
4 
Additional Adjustment Events ........................................................................................ 285 
5
Additional Early Redemption Events..............................................................................285

--- Page 158 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
132
 
6 
Additional Provisions ...................................................................................................... 286 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS .......................................... 288 
1 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes  ............................................................................... 327 
2 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes ...................................................................................... 329 
3 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ................................................................................... 333 
4 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes .................................................................... 337 
5 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ................................................................................. 340 
6 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ........................................................................... 344 
7 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes .............................................................................. 348 
8 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ......................................................................... 352 
9 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes .................................................................................. 355 
10 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information . 359 
11 
Relevant Time ................................................................................................................. 359 
12 
Event Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events .................... 360 
13 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension ................................................................................ 361 
14 
M(M)R Restructuring ...................................................................................................... 362 
15 
Auction Redemption Terms ............................................................................................ 364 
16 
Cash Redemption Terms ................................................................................................. 366 
17 
Physical Redemption Terms ............................................................................................ 367 
18 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms ................................................................................ 377 
19 
Redemption upon Merger Event ..................................................................................... 378 
20 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ..................................................................................... 378 
21 
Effect of DC Resolutions ................................................................................................ 379 
22 
Successor Provisions ....................................................................................................... 380 
23 
Deliverable Obligations ................................................................................................... 390 
24 
Reference Obligation ....................................................................................................... 392 
25 
Calculation Agent Determination .................................................................................... 394 
26 
Notices............................................................................................................................. 396 
27 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 397 
28 
No frustration .................................................................................................................. 398 
29 
Definitions ....................................................................................................................... 399 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE ........................................................................ 465 
1 
Interest and Redemption Provisions ................................................................................ 465 
2 
Underlying Valuation Provisions .................................................................................... 597 
3 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event ............................... 607 
4 
Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and Spread Rate Interest Amounts and Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Provisions .................................................................................................... 609 
5 
Physical Settlement Securities ......................................................................................... 647 
6 
Dual Currency Security Provisions ................................................................................. 656 
7 
Reference Rate Event Provisions .................................................................................... 657 
8 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments ........................................................................... 660 
9 
Split Payment Conditions ................................................................................................ 663 
 
 
Except as indicated below, the following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Securities which 
will include the general conditions of the Securities together with additional terms and conditions 
contained (i) in the case of Security Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 1 – Security 
Index Conditions, (ii) in the case of Inflation Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 2 – 
Inflation Index Conditions, (iii) in the case of Commodity Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying 
Schedule 3 – Commodity Index Conditions, (iv) in the case of Commodity Linked Securities only, in 
Underlying Schedule 4 – Commodity Conditions, (v) in the case of Share Linked Securities only, in 
Underlying Schedule 5 – Share conditions, (vi) in the case of Depositary Receipt Linked Securities only, 
in Underlying Schedule 6 – Depositary Receipt Conditions, (vii) in the case of ETF Linked Securities 
only, in Underlying Schedule 7 – Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Share Conditions, (viii) in the case of 
Mutual Fund Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 8 – Mutual Fund Conditions, (ix) in the 
case of FX Rate Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 9 – FX Rate Conditions, (x) in the case 
of Proprietary Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 10 – Proprietary Index Conditions, 
(xi) in the case of Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 11 – 
Dividend Futures Contract Conditions, (xii) in the case of Rate Linked Securities only, in Underlying

--- Page 159 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
133
 
Schedule 12 – Rate Conditions, (xiii) in the case of Credit Linked Notes only, in Underlying Schedule 13 
– Credit Linked Conditions (each of Underlying Schedules 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13, an 
Underlying Schedule and together, the Underlying Schedules) and (xiv) in the case of all Securities, the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule (the Underlying Schedules together with the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule, the Schedules and each, a Schedule) and, in relation to any tranche of Securities, as completed 
(and/or, in the case of Exempt Securities, supplemented and/or modified and/or replaced), as applicable, 
by the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 160 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
134
 
SECTION E.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
References in these General Conditions (the General Conditions) and in the applicable Underlying 
Schedules to the Securities shall be references to the Securities of this Series, which shall be English 
Law Securities, and shall mean: (a) in relation to any Registered Securities (as defined below) 
represented by a global Security (a Global Registered Security Certificate), units of each Specified 
Denomination (in the case of Notes) or individual Securities in the case of Certificates, in each case in 
the Specified Currency in the case of Notes; (b) any Global Registered Security Certificate; or (c) any 
definitive Registered Securities (Registered Security Certificates) whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Registered Security Certificate. 
Securities are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Securities. As used 
herein, Tranche means, in relation to a Class of Securities which are in accordance with the Trust Deed 
(as defined below) to be issued in tranches, the initial tranche and any further tranches issued in 
accordance with the Trust Deed as it relates to that Class; and Class means a Tranche together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Securities which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single 
Class and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices; and Series means one or more Class(es) of 
Securities which is/are expressed to be secured on, inter alia, the same Mortgaged Property 
(notwithstanding that any such Class or Classes may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms to have 
recourse only to separate or different elements of such Mortgaged Property to any other such Class or 
Classes and notwithstanding that any such Class or Classes may rank ahead of any other Class or Classes 
comprising the same Series). 
Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms document (the Final Terms) or, in the case of Securities 
which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation or (ii) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United 
Kingdom nor offered in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the UK Prospectus Regulation (Exempt Securities), a pricing supplement (the Pricing 
Supplement) which, in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, in the case of the Pricing Supplement, 
completes, modifies and/or supplements and/or replaces the General Conditions and the applicable 
Schedule(s). In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and the applicable 
Schedule(s) and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), the applicable Issue Terms shall 
prevail. References in these General Conditions to a Condition shall be deemed to be a reference to a 
Condition of the General Conditions, unless otherwise specified. For the purposes hereof, Issue Terms 
means either (i) where the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where 
the Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be 
construed accordingly. 
The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Securities (the Terms and Conditions) means, in relation to 
any Tranche of Securities, the General Conditions together with the additional terms and conditions 
contained in (i) in the case of all Securities, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, and (ii) in the case 
of Security Index Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 1, (iii) in the case of Inflation Index 
Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 2, (iv) in the case of Commodity Index Linked Securities 
only, Underlying Schedule 3, (v) in the case of Commodity Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 
4, (vi) in the case of Share Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 5, (vii) in the case of Depositary 
Receipt Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 6, (viii) in the case of ETF Linked Securities only, 
Underlying Schedule 7, (ix) in the case of Mutual Fund Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 8, 
(x) in the case of FX Rate Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 9, (xi) in the case of Proprietary 
Index Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 10, (xii) in the case of Dividend Futures Contract 
Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 11 (xiii) in the case of Rate Linked Securities only, 
Underlying Schedule 12 and (xiv) in the case of Credit Linked Notes only, Underlying Schedule 13. The 
conditions of a Tranche of Securities (the Conditions) means, in relation to any Tranche of Securities, 
the Terms and Conditions as completed (and/or, in the case of Exempt Securities, supplemented and/or 
modified and/or replaced), as applicable, by the applicable Issue Terms. 
In relation to any Series, either Ensemble Investment Corporation SA (Ensemble) acting in respect of 
one of its Compartments or Concerto Investment Corporation Limited (Concerto) will be the Issuer 
thereof as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and references in the Conditions to "the Issuer" shall

--- Page 161 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
135
 
be to whichever of Ensemble (acting in respect of one of its Compartments) or Concerto is so specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Securities are constituted by, and in accordance with, (i) the Master Trust Deed dated 26 June 2012, 
as supplemented by the First Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 12 March 2015, the Second 
Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 11 March 2016, the Third Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 
10 March 2017 and the Fourth Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 9 March 2018, in each case, 
between, inter alios, Serenade and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited, the Fifth Supplemental Master 
Trust Deed dated 30 May 2018 between, inter alios, Serenade, Ensemble and Citicorp Trustee Company 
Limited, the Sixth Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 25 October 2019 between, inter alios, 
Ensemble and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited, the Seventh Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 
23 November 2020, the Eighth Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 17 December 2021, the Ninth 
Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 6 December 2022, the Tenth Supplemental Master Trust Deed 
dated 6 December 2023, the Eleventh Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 31 October 2024, in each 
case, between, inter alios, Ensemble, Concerto and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited, the Twelfth 
Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated 6 December 2024 between, inter alios, Ensemble, Concerto, 
Concerto, Citicorp Trustee Company Limited and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c., and as 
further supplemented by the Thirteenth Supplemental Master Trust Deed dated on or about the date of 
this Base Prospectus between, inter alios, Ensemble, Concerto and The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. as trustee (the Programme Trustee), (as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time by trust deeds supplemental thereto but excluding any supplemental trust deed 
relating to a particular Tranche, Class or Series of Securities, the Master Trust Deed) and (ii) the 
Supplemental Trust Deed(s) relating to the Securities (each a Supplemental Trust Deed and together 
with the Master Trust Deed, the Trust Deed) dated the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) between, inter alios, the Issuer, the counterparty (if any) to any Charged 
Agreement (as defined in Condition 5(c) (Charged Agreements) below) (each a Counterparty (such 
term to include any successors and assigns)) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the Trustee (as 
defined below). The Securities are secured by the Trust Deed and/or (if and to the extent so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) by the separate charging document(s) referred to therein (each a Charging 
Document). For the purposes hereof, Issue Date means the issue date of the first Tranche of the 
Securities, unless otherwise specified. 
In relation to any Series, either The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. or another entity which has 
become an Additional Trustee by executing a Deed of Adherence in accordance with clause 25 of the 
Master Trust Deed shall be the Trustee as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and references in these 
Conditions and the Trust Deed to the Trustee shall be to the entity specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and shall include any successor. 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the "Floating Charge Holder") holds the benefit of the Floating 
Charge (as defined below) and, in relation thereto, acts for the benefit of all Securityholders and for each 
Counterparty (if any) of all Securities issued under the Secured Note and Certificate Programme (the 
Programme) in accordance with the provisions of the Master Trust Deed. 
The Securities have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement dated on or about the 
date of this Base Prospectus, between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Programme Trustee, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include 
any successor principal paying agent), Citigroup Global Markets Limited as redemption agent (the 
Redemption Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor redemption agent), 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as agent bank (the Agent Bank, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor agent bank), Citibank Europe plc as registrar (the Registrar, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor registrar), the transfer agent named therein (each a Transfer 
Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agent), Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch and Citigroup Global Markets Limited as calculation agents, in each case if so specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (each a Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
calculation agent, or such other entity as may be specified as the Calculation Agent in the applicable 
Issue Terms and any successor to any such entity), Citigroup Global Markets Limited as determination 
agents, in each case if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each a Determination Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor determination agent, or such other entity as may be specified as 
the Determination Agent in the applicable Issue Terms and any successor to any such entity) and Citibank 
Europe plc as certificate agents, in each case if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each a 
Certificate Agent, which expression shall include any successor certificate agent, or such other entity

--- Page 162 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
136
 
as may be specified as the Certificate Agent in the applicable Issue Terms and any successor to any such 
entity), (the Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement). The Principal Paying Agent, any paying agent appointed pursuant to the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), the Redemption Agent, the Agent 
Bank, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent and the 
Certificate Agent are hereinafter together referred to herein as the Agents. 
If the Securities are secured by security interests over Charged Assets (as defined below) and unless 
otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the 
Custodian is Citibank Europe plc (Luxembourg Branch), the Securities have the benefit of an amended 
and restated Custodial Services Agreement dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus, between, 
inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee and Citibank Europe plc (Luxembourg Branch) as custodian or (ii) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Custodian is an entity other than Citibank Europe plc 
(Luxembourg Branch), the Securities have the benefit of the Custodial Services Agreement specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. References in the Conditions to the Custodian, shall be deemed to be 
references to either Citibank Europe plc (Luxembourg Branch) or such other custodian, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, which expression shall include any additional or successor custodian and 
references to the Custodial Services Agreement shall be to the relevant Custodial Services Agreement, 
as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time. If so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Securities may also have the benefit of an amended and restated Collateral 
Services Agreement in relation to the Programme entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee 
and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as service provider (the Collateral Services Agreement). 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Securityholders (which expression shall mean the persons in 
whose names the Securities are registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first 
named thereof) and, in the case of Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate, be 
construed as provided below and holder of Securities shall be construed accordingly) in accordance 
with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Copies of the Master Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custodial Services Agreement, any 
Collateral Services Agreement, any Charged Agreements (as defined below), any Credit Support 
Document (as defined below), any Charging Documents and any Securities Guarantee (each as defined 
below) are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Issue Terms are available for viewing by holders at, and copies 
may be obtained by holders from, the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents and such Securityholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Securities and identity. The 
Securityholders are deemed to have notice of, are bound by and are entitled to the benefit of all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custodial Services Agreement, any Collateral 
Services Agreement, any relevant Charged Agreements, any relevant Charging Documents, any relevant 
Credit Support Documents, any relevant Securities Guarantee and the applicable Issue Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custodial Services Agreement, any 
Collateral Services Agreement, any relevant Charged Agreements, any relevant Credit Support 
Documents, any relevant Charging Documents and any relevant Securities Guarantee. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Issue 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires 
or unless otherwise stated. In the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of any inconsistency between the Trust Deed, 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms will prevail. 
Where no reference is made in the applicable Issue Terms to any Charged Assets and/or any Charged 
Agreement and/or any Credit Support Document and/or any Securities Guarantee, as the case may be, 
references in these Conditions to any Charged Assets and/or any Charged Agreement and/or any Credit 
Support Document and/or any Securities Guarantee and/or any Credit Support Provider and/or any Issuer 
Credit Enhancer and/or any Counterparty as the case may be, shall not be applicable. 
Where for a Series of Securities "Korean Market Notes" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (such Securities being Korean Market Notes), then certain provisions set out herein

--- Page 163 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
137
 
and specified to apply only to, or to expressly not apply to, Korean Market Notes shall (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) have such effect in respect of such Series of Securities. 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule and applicable Issue Terms will specify whether settlement shall 
be by way of cash payment (Cash Settled Securities) or by physical delivery (Physical Settlement 
Securities). 
All capitalised terms which are not defined in the Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Type of Security 
The applicable Issue Terms shall specify whether the Type of Security is Notes (Notes), 
Certificates (Certificates) or Notes which are titled "Certificates".  
In the case of Certificates, as used in the Conditions, references to "redemption" and "redeem" 
shall be construed to be to "termination" and "terminate", references to "interest", "Interest 
Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" (and related 
expressions) shall be construed to be (in the case of Certificates) to "coupon amount", "Coupon 
Payment Date", "Coupon Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in the case of 
Notes that are titled "Certificates") to "premium", "Premium Payment Date", "Premium Period", 
"Premium Rate" and "Premium Underlying", and references to "maturity date" shall be 
construed to be to "final termination date", and all related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. All related expressions herein or in the Agency Agreement, any Global Registered 
Security Certificate and any securities in definitive form shall be construed accordingly. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title  
Subject as provided below, the Securities are issued in registered form (Registered Securities) 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (in the case of Notes) in the Specified 
Denomination(s). 
Each Registered Security Certificate represents a holding of one or more Registered Securities 
by the same holder (as defined below). 
Subject as provided below, title to any Registered Securities shall pass upon registration of the 
transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement and as 
provided in General Condition 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of Securities). Except as ordered by 
a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Security shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Securities for the purpose of 
receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such 
Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or 
any writing thereon made by anyone but, in the case of any Global Registered Security 
Certificate, without prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
In the Conditions, holder means, in the case of Registered Securities, the person in whose name 
a Registered Security is registered PROVIDED THAT, in relation to any Securities represented 
by a Global Registered Security Certificate, it shall be construed as provided below and 
Securityholder shall have a correlative meaning AND PROVIDED THAT in the case of 
Registered Securities, "holder" shall be construed as provided in General Condition 3(a) 
(Transfer of Registered Securities). 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate 
held on behalf of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular principal amount or number of such Securities (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
principal amount or number of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by 
the Issuer, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), the Counterparty (if any), the Trustee and the 
Agents as the holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities for all purposes

--- Page 164 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
138
 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest (if any) on such principal amount 
of such Securities or the termination amount of such Securities, for which purpose the registered 
holder of the relevant Global Registered Security Certificate shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), the Counterparty (if any), the Trustee and the Agents as the 
holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities in accordance with and subject to 
the terms of the relevant Global Registered Security Certificate, and the expressions 
Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Interests in Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Relevant 
Clearing System and in accordance with General Condition 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of 
Securities) below. 
Relevant Clearing System means, as appropriate, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through which interests in Securities 
are to be held and through an account at which the Securities are to be cleared, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
3. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Securities 
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Securities 
Subject to General Conditions 3(b) (Transfers of interests in Registered Security Certificates) 
below, if definitive Registered Securities are issued, one or more of such Registered Securities 
may be transferred upon the surrender of the Registered Security Certificate representing such 
Registered Securities to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Registered Security Certificate duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered 
Securities represented by one Registered Security Certificate, a new Registered Security 
Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. In the case 
of a transfer of Registered Securities to a person who is already a holder of Registered Securities, 
a new Registered Security Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Registered Security Certificate representing the existing holding. 
Each Security certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. 
Subject to General Conditions 3(b) (Transfers of interests in Registered Security Certificates) 
below, transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Security Certificate will be 
effected by the Relevant Clearing System only in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such Relevant Clearing Systems acting on behalf of 
beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Global 
Registered Security Certificate will only be exchangeable for a definitive Registered Security 
Certificate as described in, and subject to, the provision of such Global Registered Security 
Certificate and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
the Relevant Clearing System and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Trust Deed and Agency Agreement.  
(b) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Security Certificates 
Interests in a Registered Security Certificate may not be sold, pledged or otherwise transferred 
at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person other than 
a Permitted Purchaser. 
A Permitted Purchaser is a person that: (1) is not a "U.S. person" (as such term is defined 
under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended); (2) 
does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the U.S. Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA), or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued 
by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC Rule) under the CEA (for the 
avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined

--- Page 165 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
139
 
under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the 
exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be 
considered a U.S. person); (3) is not, and whose purchasing and holding of the Securities is not 
made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the 
U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or an employee benefit plan or other plan or 
arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code; (4) is not a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 
7701(a)(30) of the Code; and (5) if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, is not a U.S. person 
(as such term is defined in the final credit risk retention regulations issued under Section 15G 
of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
Furthermore, interests in a Registered Security Certificate may not be held otherwise than 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Registered Security Certificate, and any 
Security issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Registered Security Certificate, 
shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on transfer.  
Any transfer of an interest in a Registered Security Certificate may only be made in accordance 
with the legend appearing on the face of such Registered Security Certificate. No Securities 
represented by a Registered Security Certificate may at any time be owned beneficially by a 
person that is not a Permitted Purchaser and holders of any such Securities will be subject to 
such additional certification requirements as to beneficial ownership as may be set forth in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Subject as provided herein, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement, a definitive Security may be transferred in whole or in part. 
In order to effect any such transfer:  
(A) 
the holder or holders must (I) surrender the definitive Security for registration of the 
transfer of the relevant Security (or the relevant part of the Security) at the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing 
and (II) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the 
relevant Transfer Agent; and  
(B) 
the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the 
documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and 
the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in 
Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed). 
Subject as provided above, the Registrar will, within five business days (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar 
is located) of the relevant request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other regulations), upon receipt by it of notification from a Transfer Agent 
of delivery to it of the relevant definitive Securities for transfer (together with any certifications 
required by it), authenticate and issue duly dated and completed definitive Securities in the name 
of the relevant registered holders and deliver such definitive Securities at its specified office or 
at the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or (at the risk of the relevant registered 
holders) send the definitive Securities by uninsured mail to such address as the registered 
holders may request. 
In addition to the transfer restrictions set out herein, no beneficial owner of an interest in a 
Registered Security Certificate will be able to exchange or transfer that interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. Registered Security Certificates and definitive Securities will be subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer set out in a legend or legends thereon.

--- Page 166 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
140
 
Any such transfer will be effected without charge subject to (i) the costs or expenses of delivery 
otherwise than by ordinary uninsured mail as described below, (ii) the person making such 
application for transfer paying or procuring the payment of any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration of transfer, (iii) the 
Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent being satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the application or request and (iv) such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer may from time to time agree with the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents (including, where appropriate, accompanying 
evidence of compliance with all applicable laws). 
The Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Security (or part of any Security) 
called for redemption and, accordingly, may validly pay any redemption moneys or, as the case 
may be, make delivery of the relevant proportion of the Entitlement to the holder of such 
Security at the date such Security was called for redemption as if the purported transfer had not 
taken place. 
The Issuer reserves the right, subject to the prior written approval of the Trustee, at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and to appoint another 
Registrar or Transfer Agent, provided that it will at all times maintain a Registrar and a Transfer 
Agent approved by the Trustee each having a specified office in a place approved by the Trustee 
and, so long as any Security are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, a Transfer Agent 
in Luxembourg. Notice of any termination or appointment and of any changes in specified office 
will be given to the Securityholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with General 
Condition 18 (Notices). 
There are contractual restrictions applicable to transfers of Securities which are set out in the 
legend included on such Securities and in the Trust Deed. Holders of Securities will be deemed 
to have notice of all such contractual restrictions and are required by the Issuer to comply with 
them. To the extent that, in the view of the Issuer, any such contractual restriction becomes 
inconsistent with any applicable law (whether because of a change in law or for any other 
reason), such contractual restriction shall no longer apply. This is without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Securityholder to comply with the requirements of all applicable laws in 
making any transfer of the Securities held by such Securityholder. 
(c) 
Forced transfer at option of the Issuer on void transfer or other disposition 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security to: 
(i) 
a U.S. person as such term is defined in Rule 902(k)(1) under Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
(ii) 
a person that comes within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under CEA, or 
any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the CFTC) thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not 
a "Non-United States person" under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) (excluding for purposes of 
subsection (D) thereof the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-
United States persons");  
(iii) 
a person that is, or whose purchase and holding of the Notes is made on behalf of or with 
"plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of ERISA, a plan, individual 
retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or an 
employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or 
regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code;  
(iv) 
a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code;  
(v) 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a U.S. person as such term is defined in the 
final credit risk retention regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

--- Page 167 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
141
 
(vi) 
where the Security has been issued by Concerto, any Securityholder or beneficial owner 
of definitive Registered Securities held outside the clearing systems who, upon receiving 
a request from Concerto (delivered in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices)) 
or from any agent acting on behalf of Concerto, fails to provide Concerto or such agents 
with such information and documentation that may be required for Concerto to comply 
with the Anti-Money Laundering Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (together with 
The Guidance Notes on the Prevention and Detection of Money Laundering and Terrorist 
Financing in the Cayman Islands (or equivalent legislation and guidance, as applicable), 
and each as amended and revised from time to time, Cayman AML Regulations), or 
fails to update or replace such information or documentation as may be necessary; or 
(vii) 
where the Security has been issued by Concerto, any Securityholder or beneficial owner 
of Securities who, upon receiving a request from Concerto (delivered in accordance with 
General Condition 18 (Notices)) or from any agent acting on behalf of Concerto, fails to 
provide Concerto or such agents with such forms, documentation and other information 
relating to such Securityholder's or beneficial owner's status under any applicable law 
(including, without limitation, the Cayman Islands Tax Information Authority Act (As 
Revised) together with regulations and guidance notes made pursuant to such Act (the 
Cayman FATCA Legislation)) or any agreement entered into by Concerto pursuant 
thereto as Concerto or any agent acting on behalf of Concerto reasonably requests for the 
purposes of Concerto's or such agent's compliance with such law or agreement or if such 
Securityholder or beneficial owner of Securities fails to notify Concerto and/or such 
agent (as applicable) reasonably promptly in the event that it becomes aware that any of 
the forms, documentation or other information provided by such Securityholder or 
beneficial owner of Securities is (or becomes) inaccurate in any material respect, 
(any person falling within General Condition 3(c)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (where applicable) (v), 
(vi) or (vii) above, a Non-Permitted Purchaser) will be void ab initio and of no legal effect 
whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest 
in a Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner 
of such interest in such Security. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these General Conditions, the Issuer shall have the right 
at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security is 
held by a Non-Permitted Purchaser to require such Non-Permitted Purchaser to sell such interest 
to: (a) a Permitted Purchaser; or (b) the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, in each case, at a price 
equal to the least of (x) the purchase price therefor paid by such Non-Permitted Purchaser, (y) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of such interest, and (z) the fair market value of such 
interest. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to assume all Securities (and the beneficial interest therein) are 
held by Permitted Purchasers unless it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary 
and the Trustee shall not be liable or responsible to any person by reason of any Securities being 
held by a Non Permitted Purchaser. 
Concerto and its duly authorised agents and delegates may disclose the forms, documentation 
and other information provided to Concerto and/or any agent acting on behalf of Concerto (as 
applicable) pursuant to General Conditions 3(c)(vi) and 3(c)(vii) to any taxation, regulatory or 
governmental authority (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Registered Security Certificate means a Registered Security Certificate representing Notes or 
Certificates sold only in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation 
S.

--- Page 168 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
142
 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
U.S. person has the meaning given to such term under Regulation S. 
(e) 
Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Securities 
In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered Securities represented by a single 
definitive Registered Security Certificate, a new definitive Registered Security Certificate shall 
be issued to the holder to reflect the balance of the holding not redeemed. New Registered 
Security Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Registered Security 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a partial redemption of a 
holding of Registered Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate, the 
Global Registered Security Certificate shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
(f) 
Delivery of New Registered Security Certificates 
Each new Registered Security Certificate to be issued pursuant to General Condition 3(a) 
(Transfer of Registered Securities) or General Condition 3(e) (Partial Redemption in respect of 
Registered Securities) will, within three business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or 
Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agent to whom such form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of 
such form of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of the Registrar or of the 
Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the 
option of the holder making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of 
transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Security Certificate to 
such address as may be specified in such form of transfer. 
(g) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
Transfer and registration of Securities will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but will be subject to the payment (or the giving of 
such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) 
of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(h) 
Closed Periods 
No holder of a Security may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered (i) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Security or the due 
date for the payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of that Security, (ii) during the period 
of 15 days prior to any date on which Securities may be called for redemption by the Issuer at 
its option pursuant to General Condition 8(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)) or General Condition 8(j)(iii) (Redemption by Instalments), (iii) after any such Security 
has been called for redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the period of seven days ending 
on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in General Condition 10(a)(ii) (Registered 
Securities) below).  
4. 
Status  
General Condition 4(b)(Status of the Securities Guarantee) will only apply if an Issuer Credit 
Enhancer is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(a) 
Status of Securities 
The Securities of each Class are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, secured in 
the manner described in General Condition 5 (Security) and recourse in respect of which is 
limited in the manner described in General Condition 14 (Enforcement). The Securities of each 
Class rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
Prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities, the proceeds of the Charged Assets (if 
any) and any other security forming part of the Mortgaged Property (as defined below) will be 
applied in accordance with the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms. In the 
event of the security for the Securities being enforced, the Realisation Amount (as defined

--- Page 169 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
143
 
below) will be applied in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application 
of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Where the Securities are of a Series which comprises more than one Class of Securities, 
Securities of any such Class may have a different ranking in point of priority to Securities of the 
other Class or Classes within such Series, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Status of the Securities Guarantee 
If so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities and the Trust Deed may be supported by means of a guarantee, insurance policy or 
other form of credit enhancement (the Securities Guarantee) by the entity specified as the 
issuer credit enhancer in the applicable Issue Terms (the Issuer Credit Enhancer). The 
obligations of the Issuer Credit Enhancer under the Securities Guarantee will be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer Credit Enhancer and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer Credit Enhancer 
from time to time outstanding.  
5. 
Security 
(a) 
Security 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Securities and/or under the Charged Agreement (as 
defined below) (if any) are, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, secured: 
(i) 
save to the extent effective security is otherwise taken over such assets pursuant to any 
relevant Charging Document, in the Trust Deed by security interests governed by English 
law over:  
(A) 
certain bonds, notes, securities, commodities, other assets, or contractual or other 
rights specified to be Charged Assets in the applicable Issue Terms, (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any sale agreement in respect thereof (a Sale Agreement)) 
including all sums and/or assets received or receivable (if any) under any such 
bonds, notes, securities, commodities, other assets, or contractual rights, and all 
rights in respect thereof or relating thereto whether or not against third parties 
(together, the Charged Assets, which term shall include, unless otherwise 
specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms or the context otherwise requires, 
cash and/or securities from time to time transferred to the Issuer from the relevant 
Counterparty pursuant to a Credit Support Annex (as defined below) and 
securities from time to time transferred to the Issuer from the relevant SL 
Counterparty pursuant to an SL Agreement (as applicable) (the Counterparty 
Collateral)), such security interests to take the form of an assignment by way of 
a first ranking assignment of all the Issuer's rights, title and interest present and 
future in, to and under the Charged Assets, including, without limitation, all the 
Issuer's rights in respect of the Charged Assets or relating thereto and all sums 
and/or assets received or receivable (if any) under any such bonds, notes, 
securities, assets or contractual rights, and all rights in respect thereof or relating 
thereto whether or not against third parties, together with the debts represented 
thereby and all related interests and all proceeds of such Charged Assets, provided 
that, where any Charged Assets are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
"ISDA Issuer Collateral" (the ISDA Issuer Collateral and, together with the 
Counterparty Collateral, the ISDA Collateral) and such assets (or part thereof) 
are from time to time transferred to the Counterparty from the Issuer pursuant to 
a Credit Support Annex (as defined below) then (x) such Charged Assets (or the 
relevant part thereof) shall be released from such security interests as further 
detailed in this General Condition 5 below, and (y) unless and until any of such 
assets are transferred from the Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit 
Support Annex, shall no longer be Charged Assets; and 
(B) 
if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Credit Support Document(s) (as 
defined below), such security interests to take the form of an assignment by way

--- Page 170 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
144
 
of a first ranking assignment of all the Issuer's rights, title and interest present and 
future in, to and under the Credit Support Document(s) including all sums and/or 
assets received or receivable (if any) under such guarantee, letter of credit or 
arrangement, and all rights in respect thereof or relating thereto whether or not 
against third parties, together with the debts represented thereby and all related 
interests and all proceeds of such Credit Support Document(s); and/or 
(ii) 
if and to the extent specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the Charging Document(s) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms by security interests governed by the law 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms over: 
(A) 
the Charged Assets; and/or 
(B) 
the Credit Support Document(s); and/or 
(C) 
all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future in, to and under any 
of its bank accounts in respect of the Securities and the debts represented thereby. 
Unless and to the extent otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms and save to 
the extent effective security is otherwise taken over such assets pursuant to any relevant 
Charging Document, the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities are further secured 
in favour of the Trustee by, inter alia: 
(A) 
an assignment by way of a first ranking assignment of all of the Issuer's rights, 
title and interest present and future in, to and under the Agency Agreement, the 
Custodial Services Agreement and any Collateral Services Agreement in respect 
of the Securities (including, without limitation, the rights, title and interest of the 
Issuer in respect of all moneys and/or assets held from time to time by the 
Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Custodian 
and/or the Redemption Agent for payment of principal or interest (if any) and/or 
delivery of all assets deliverable in respect of the Securities or otherwise in 
relation to the Securities); 
(B) 
an assignment by way of a first ranking assignment of all of the Issuer's rights, 
title and interest present and future in, to and under the Charged Agreements (if 
any) in respect of the Securities; 
(C) 
an assignment by way of a first ranking assignment of all of the Issuer's rights, 
title and interest present and future in, to and under any of its bank accounts in 
respect of the Securities and the debts represented thereby; and 
(D) 
such other security interest (if any) as may be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
If the Securities are of a Series comprising more than one Class, the Mortgaged Property 
in respect of each Class of Securities shall be common (to the extent set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms) to the Securities of the Classes within such Series, subject to the 
provisions of General Condition 5(e)(ii) (Mortgaged Property secured in respect of a 
Series of more than one Class where the Securities of one or more Classes rank above 
the Securities of another or other Classes) below and as described in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
The assets subject to the security referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii) and (A) through 
(D) inclusive above are herein collectively referred to as Mortgaged Property. 
The secured creditors of all Securities issued under the Programme are also secured 
pursuant to the Master Trust Deed by a floating charge in favour of the Floating Charge 
Holder over the assets of the Issuer (other than its share capital and the assets which have 
been allocated to a compartment) (the Floating Charge), which will become enforceable 
upon formal notice being given of an intention to appoint an administrator in relation to 
the Issuer or an application being made to, or a petition being lodged or a document being 
filed with, the court for administration in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 171 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
145
 
The Floating Charge Holder shall hold the security created by the Floating Charge over 
the whole of the assets and undertaking(s) of the Issuer, both present and future (subject 
to certain other prior ranking security interests as specified in the Master Trust Deed) for 
the benefit of itself and for all Securityholders and for each Counterparty (if any) in 
respect of all Securities issued under the Programme.  
If the Issuer is Ensemble (acting in respect of one of its Compartments), for the purposes 
of articles 1278 and 1281 of the Luxembourg civil code, the Issuer hereby expressly 
accepts and confirms that, notwithstanding any assignment, transfer and/or novation 
permitted under, and made in accordance with the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any 
other agreement entered into by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Securities, 
any security created or guarantee given under such agreements shall be preserved for the 
benefit of the Trustee (for itself and the secured creditors) and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, for the benefit of each of the secured creditors.  
(b) 
Charged Assets 
(i) 
General provisions relating to the Charged Assets 
If "Charged Asset Eligibility Criteria" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, any assets forming part of the Charged Assets other than cash or any assets 
transferred to the Issuer (or the Custodian on its behalf) by the Counterparty pursuant to 
the terms of a Credit Support Annex or a Charged Agreement must meet certain 
eligibility criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the Charged Asset Eligibility 
Criteria).  
If "Counterparty Charged Asset Determination" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Issue Terms then, on or prior to the counterparty charged asset determination 
date specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the Counterparty Charged Asset 
Determination Date), the Counterparty (or such other party as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) shall determine in its sole discretion: (1) the identity and quantity 
of the Charged Assets to be initially acquired by the Issuer (or any agent acting on its 
behalf), provided that such Charged Assets satisfy the Charged Asset Eligibility Criteria; 
and (2) the aggregate costs of acquiring such Charged Assets, (and, in each case, shall 
notify each of the Issuer, the Custodian, the Trustee, and the Redemption Agent of the 
same) following which the Issuer (or any agent acting on its behalf) shall acquire such 
Charged Assets for settlement on the initial acquisition date specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (the Initial Acquisition Date). 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the obligations of the obligor under any 
Charged Assets are guaranteed or have the benefit of a letter of credit or other similar 
arrangement (each a Credit Support Document) from the credit support provider (the 
Credit Support Provider) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless and to the extent otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Charged 
Assets, or documents comprising, evidencing, representing and/or transferring the 
Charged Assets, will be deposited with or held by the Custodian (on behalf of the Issuer, 
subject to the charges in favour of the Trustee, pursuant to the provisions of the Custodial 
Services Agreement). 
Where the Charged Assets are ISDA Collateral and, pursuant to the terms of the Credit 
Support Annex either: (I) any such ISDA Collateral is required to be transferred from the 
Issuer to the relevant Counterparty, then the Trustee shall release such Charged Assets 
from the security created by the Trust Deed; and/or (II) any additional cash and/or 
securities and/or assets are transferred from the relevant Counterparty to the Issuer, then 
such additional cash and/or securities and/or assets shall be Charged Assets and held 
subject to the security interests in favour of the Trustee as set out in the Trust Deed. 
Following any changes in the ISDA Collateral as provided above, all requirements of 
any relevant stock exchange shall be complied with (including any requirement to notify 
such stock exchange).

--- Page 172 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
146
 
Where "SL Agreement" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
securities to be lent from the relevant SL Counterparty to the Issuer shall be Charged 
Assets and held subject to the security interests in favour of the Trustee as set out in the 
Trust Deed. 
The Floating Charge Holder and the Trustee are exempted under the Trust Deed from 
any liability in respect of any loss or theft of the Charged Assets, from any obligation to 
insure the Charged Assets and from any claim arising from the fact that the Charged 
Assets are (if applicable) held by the Custodian, in a clearing system or in safe custody 
by a bank or other custodian. The Master Trust Deed also provides that the Trustee may 
accept without investigation, requisition or objection such right, benefit, title and interest, 
if any, as the Issuer may have to any of the Mortgaged Property relating to the relevant 
Series of Securities and shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be 
liable for any defect or failure in the right or title of the Issuer to such Mortgaged Property 
or any part thereof in any respect. 
The Trustee shall not be bound or concerned to make any investigation into the 
creditworthiness of any obligor in respect of the Charged Assets (including the Credit 
Support Provider (if any)), the validity of any such obligor's obligations under or in 
respect of the Charged Assets or any of the terms of the Charged Assets (including, 
without limitation, whether the cash flows from the Charged Assets and the Securities 
are matched) or to monitor the value of any Charged Assets. 
The Trust Deed and/or the Charging Document (as the case may be) provide(s), where 
appropriate, for the release of the Charged Assets (or part thereof) from the security 
constituted by the Trust Deed and/or the Charging Document (as the case may be) to (i) 
realise or, as the case may be, take enforcement action in respect of the same and apply 
the net proceeds thereof in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer's obligations to the 
Trustee, the Securityholder(s) and/or the Counterparty (if any) on any purchase or 
redemption of Securities pursuant to General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) or 
on the Securities becoming due and repayable pursuant to General Condition 13 (Events 
of Default ), (ii) effect any substitution of the Charged Assets pursuant to General 
Condition 5(b)(ii) (Charged Asset Substitution), (iii) effect any Charged Asset 
Redemption or any Charged Asset Acquisition pursuant to General Condition 5(b), or 
(iv) allow transfer of ISDA Collateral to the relevant Counterparty as provided above.  
(ii) 
Charged Asset Substitution 
If "Charged Asset Substitution" is specified as "Applicable" (whether "Applicable - 
Charged Assets" or "Applicable - Charged Assets as Collateral") in the applicable Issue 
Terms, alternative assets (Replacement Charged Assets) may be substituted for some 
or all of the Charged Assets (other than the Counterparty Collateral) at the request of any 
Counterparty, provided that such Replacement Charged Assets meet the Replacement 
Charged Assets Criteria.  
(A) 
Charged Asset Substitution - Charged Assets  
If "Charged Asset Substitution" is specified as "Applicable - Charged Assets" in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the following provisions of this General Condition 
5(b)(ii)(A) (Charged Asset Substitution - Charged Assets) shall apply in respect 
of the relevant substitution. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Replacement Charged 
Assets Criteria means: 
(1) 
the Replacement Charged Assets being denominated in the same currency, 
as the Charged Assets, provided that, if at the time of the proposed 
replacement no securities denominated in the same currency as the 
Charged Assets are outstanding that meet the Replacement Charged Assets 
Criteria, securities denominated in Euro, pounds sterling, U.S. dollars, 
Canadian dollars or Japanese yen, that otherwise meet the Replacement

--- Page 173 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
147
 
Charged Assets Criteria shall be deemed to meet all the Replacement 
Charged Assets Criteria and, for such purposes, the applicable currency 
exchange rate shall be determined by the relevant Counterparty by 
reference to such source(s) as it considers appropriate; 
(2) 
the Replacement Charged Assets having a scheduled maturity date no later 
than the scheduled maturity date of the Charged Assets; 
(3) 
either (I) each Swap Counterparty having certified to the Issuer that the 
Issuer will not suffer a cost or loss or a reduction in the marked to market 
value of the relevant Swap Agreement as a result of such substitution or 
(II) arrangements having been made which are reasonably satisfactory to 
the Issuer to reflect the replacement of the Charged Assets such that the 
Issuer will not suffer any cost or loss or reduction in marked to market 
value of any Charged Agreement or to compensate the Issuer for any cost 
or loss or reduction in marked to market value of any relevant Swap 
Agreement which it certifies to the relevant Swap Counterparty that it will 
incur in connection with such substitution;  
(4) 
any relevant rating agency which rates the Securities in respect of which 
the substitution of Charged Assets is proposed having been notified of the 
proposed substitution; 
(5) 
the aggregate principal amount of the Replacement Charged Assets is 
equal to or greater than the aggregate principal amount of the Charged 
Assets, or its equivalent if the securities to be purchased as Replacement 
Charged Assets are not denominated in the same currency as the Charged 
Assets (as contemplated in criterion (1) above); and 
(6) 
the Additional Replacement Charged Assets Criteria (if any) specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
At 10.00 a.m. (London time) or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter on 
the third Business Day following the date the relevant Counterparty requests 
substitution of Charged Assets (the Request Date), the Redemption Agent shall 
attempt to obtain at least three indicative bid quotations for the Charged Assets 
from dealers in obligations of the type of the Charged Assets (which may for the 
avoidance of doubt include the relevant Counterparty or any of its affiliates) for 
settlement on the eighth Business Day following the Request Date. On the same 
third Business Day, the Redemption Agent shall attempt to obtain at least three 
indicative offer quotations for the Replacement Charged Assets from dealers in 
obligations of the type of the Replacement Charged Assets (which may for the 
avoidance of doubt include the relevant Counterparty or any of its affiliates) for 
settlement on the eighth Business Day following the Request Date. If (I) no 
indicative bid quotation for the Charged Assets or (II) no indicative offer 
quotation for the Replacement Charged Assets is available then the Redemption 
Agent shall be under no duty to obtain any further quotations and the Charged 
Assets shall not be replaced.  
If at least one indicative bid quotation for the Charged Assets and at least one 
indicative offer quotation for the Replacement Charged Assets are available, the 
Redemption Agent shall use the highest indicative bid quotation for the Charged 
Assets (the Highest Bid) and the lowest indicative offer quotation for the 
Replacement Charged Assets (the Lowest Offer) to calculate (I) the estimated 
proceeds from a sale of the Charged Assets to the person (the Highest Bidder) 
submitting the Highest Bid and (II) the Estimated Replacement Charged Assets 
Cost. 
The Estimated Replacement Charged Assets Cost shall be the estimated 
amount, determined by the Redemption Agent, of the purchase price for the 
Replacement Charged Assets from the person (the Lowest Offeror) submitting

--- Page 174 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
148
 
the Lowest Offer and shall include such additional sum that the Redemption 
Agent considers reasonable to allow for any difference between (I) the indicative 
offer quotation of the Lowest Offeror obtained on such date and (II) the firm offer 
quotation of the Lowest Offeror obtained in accordance with this General 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(A) (Charged Asset Substitution - Charged Assets).  
The Redemption Agent shall then ask the Highest Bidder to give its firm bid 
quotation to buy the Charged Assets for settlement on the eighth Business Day 
following the Request Date and shall ask the Lowest Offeror to give its firm offer 
quotation to sell the Replacement Charged Assets for settlement on the eighth 
Business Day following the Request Date. The Redemption Agent shall calculate 
whether the proceeds from the sale of the Charged Assets if it were to accept the 
firm bid quotation of the Highest Bidder (the Actual Proceeds) is more or less 
than the actual purchase price of the Replacement Charged Assets if the 
Redemption Agent were to accept the firm offer quotation of the Lowest Offeror 
(the Actual Replacement Charged Assets Cost). If either or both of the Highest 
Bidder and the Lowest Offeror fail to provide such firm quotations in accordance 
with this provision or the Actual Proceeds would be less than the Actual 
Replacement Charged Assets Cost, the Redemption Agent shall not accept any 
bid submitted for the Charged Assets nor any offer submitted to sell the 
Replacement Charged Assets, shall not sell the Charged Assets or buy the 
Replacement Charged Assets.  
If the Actual Proceeds would be equal to or greater than the Actual Replacement 
Charged Assets Cost, the Redemption Agent shall sell the Charged Assets to the 
Highest Bidder for settlement on the eighth Business Day following the Request 
Date and shall use the Actual Proceeds to purchase the Replacement Charged 
Assets from the Lowest Offeror for settlement on the eighth Business Day 
following the Request Date. 
If applicable, upon the Redemption Agent's purchase of any Replacement 
Charged Assets as described in the preceding paragraphs, with effect from the 
date of the delivery of the Replacement Charged Assets, the payment obligations 
of the parties under each Swap Agreement shall be adjusted so that the payment 
obligations of the Issuer shall reflect the replacement of the Charged Assets with 
the Replacement Charged Assets and such that the Issuer will not suffer any cost 
or loss or reduction in the marked to market value of any Swap Agreement or 
arrangements are made reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer to compensate the 
Issuer for any cost or loss or reduction in the marked to market value of any Swap 
Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any such Replacement Charged Assets 
shall thereafter be deemed to be Charged Assets and held subject to the security 
interests in favour of the Trustee as set out in the Trust Deed. The Issuer shall 
notify the Securityholders of such substitution in accordance with General 
Condition 18 (Notices) not later than the date upon which the Replacement 
Charged Assets are substituted. 
Following the replacement of any Charged Assets with the Replacement Charged 
Assets, all requirements of any relevant stock exchange shall be complied with 
(including any requirement to notify such stock exchange). 
(B) 
Charged Asset Substitution - Charged Assets as Collateral  
If "Charged Asset Substitution" is specified as "Applicable - Charged Assets as 
Collateral" in the applicable Issue Terms, the following provisions of this General 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) (Charged Asset Substitution - Charged Assets as Collateral) 
shall apply in respect of the relevant substitution. 
Replacement Charged Assets Criteria means any assets meeting the Charged 
Assets Eligibility Criteria and any Additional Replacement Charged Assets 
Criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 175 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
149
 
At any time following the Initial Acquisition Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Counterparty may request for 
Replacement Charged Assets that meet the Charged Assets Eligibility Criteria to 
be substituted for some or all of the assets forming part of the Charged Assets at 
such time (the assets to be substituted, the Substituted Charged Assets) (each 
such substitution, a Charged Asset Substitution). 
If the Counterparty has made a request for a Charged Asset Substitution (the date 
of such request by the Counterparty, the Substitution Request Date), the 
Redemption Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the Substitution Request Date arrange for the disposal of 
the Substituted Charged Assets and acquisition of the Replacement Charged 
Assets, provided that where such Substituted Charged Assets and Replacement 
Charged Assets are in the form of fund shares or units, the Redemption Agent (on 
behalf of the Issuer) shall as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
Substitution Request Date: 
(1) 
submit an order for redemption of each such fund share or unit forming 
part of the Substituted Charged Assets as of the redemption valuation date 
specified by the Counterparty in respect of each such fund share or unit; 
and 
(2) 
submit a subscription order for each such fund share or unit forming part 
of the Replacement Charged Assets as of the subscription valuation date 
specified by the Counterparty in respect of each such fund share or unit. 
On each settlement date in respect of a disposal of some or all of the assets 
forming part of the Substituted Charged Assets, the Issuer shall pay to the 
Counterparty any proceeds received in respect of such assets so disposed (which, 
for the purposes of any fund shares or units, shall be the redemption proceeds in 
respect thereof). 
On each settlement date in respect of an acquisition of some or all of the assets 
forming part of the Replacement Charged Assets, the Counterparty shall pay to 
the Issuer the acquisition price of such assets to be acquired (which, for the 
purposes of any fund shares or units, shall be the subscription price in respect 
thereof). 
Following settlement of each (1) disposal of some or all of the assets forming part 
of the Substituted Charged Assets and (2) acquisition of some or all of the assets 
forming part of the Replacement Charged Assets, each as described in the 
preceding paragraphs, the payment obligations of the parties under any Charged 
Agreement shall be adjusted so that the payment obligations of the Issuer shall 
reflect such disposal or acquisition. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any assets forming part of the Replacement Charged 
Assets shall, following acquisition by the Redemption Agent (on behalf of the 
Issuer), be deemed to be part of the Charged Assets and held subject to the 
security interests in favour of the Trustee as set out in the Trust Deed or any 
Charging Document. 
(iii) 
Charged Asset redemption prior to Security redemption 
If some or all of the Charged Assets may comprise fund shares or units and "Charged 
Asset Redemption prior to Security Redemption" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the following provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(iii) 
(Charged Asset redemption prior to Security redemption) shall apply. 
(A) 
Charged Asset redemption prior to final redemption of the Securities 
Where the Securities are redeeming on the Maturity Date or an Optional 
Redemption Date, the Redemption Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) shall

--- Page 176 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
150
 
redeem each fund share or unit that forms part of the Charged Assets at such time 
by placing a redemption order in respect of such fund share or unit by not later 
than the deadline for redemptions in respect of the date falling five Business Days 
(or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) prior to the Maturity Date or the Optional Redemption Date, as 
applicable, as specified in the offering documents for such fund share or unit, 
provided that if the Redemption Agent has not successfully effected the 
redemption of any fund share or unit on or prior to the Maturity Date or the 
Optional Redemption Date, then any redemption proceeds received by (or on 
behalf of) the Issuer following the Maturity Date shall be paid to (or to the order 
of) the Counterparty in accordance with the Supplemental Trust Deed.  
(B) 
Charged Asset redemption prior to early redemption of the Securities 
If the Issuer is required to redeem the Securities in full at any time prior to the 
Maturity Date in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early 
Redemption Events), General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) (excluding 
General Conditions 8(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) 
and 8(j) Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)) or 
General Condition 13 (Events of Default), the Redemption Agent (acting on 
behalf of the Issuer) shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the date on 
which the relevant event requiring the early redemption of the Securities occurs, 
realise each such fund share or unit that forms part of the Charged Assets at such 
time by either: 
(1) 
placing a redemption order in respect of such fund share or unit on the next 
following fund redemption valuation date in respect of such fund share or 
unit in accordance with the relevant offering documents for such fund 
share or unit; or 
(2) 
if, in the opinion of the Redemption Agent acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, no such redemption can be effected on or prior to the 
early termination date designated in respect of the relevant Charged 
Agreement in connection with such redemption of the Securities, 
arranging for and administering the sale of such fund share or unit in such 
manner as it deems appropriate, 
provided that if the Redemption Agent has not successfully effected the 
redemption or sale (as the case may be) of any such fund share or unit by the early 
termination date designated in respect of the relevant Charged Agreement in 
connection with such redemption of the Securities, such fund share or unit shall 
be sold on such early termination date irrespective of the price obtainable and 
regardless of such price being close to or equal to zero. 
(iv) 
Optional acquisition and disposal of Charged Assets 
If "Charged Asset Optional Acquisition/Disposal" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the following provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(iv) 
(Optional acquisition and disposal of Charged Assets) shall apply. 
(A) 
Charged Asset Optional Disposal 
At any time following the Initial Acquisition Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Counterparty may request the Issuer 
to dispose of some or all of the Charged Assets (such Charged Assets, the 
Disposal Charged Assets) forming part of the Charged Assets (each such 
disposal, a Charged Asset Disposal). 
If the Counterparty has requested the Issuer to effect a Charged Asset Disposal 
(the date of such request by the Counterparty, the Disposal Request Date), the 
Redemption Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) shall, as soon as reasonably

--- Page 177 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
151
 
practicable following the Disposal Request Date, arrange for the disposal of the 
Disposal Charged Assets.  
Following settlement of each such disposal, the payment obligations of the parties 
under any Charged Agreement shall be adjusted so that the payment obligations 
of the Issuer shall reflect such disposal. 
Any amounts received by the Issuer in respect of a Charged Asset Disposal shall 
be held on its behalf by the Custodian in the relevant Cash Account and shall, for 
the avoidance of doubt, form part of the Charged Assets and be subject to the 
security interests in favour of the Trustee as set out in the Trust Deed or any 
Charging Document. Such amounts shall be held with a view to re-investment 
into other assets meeting the Charged Assets Eligibility Criteria (if any) at a future 
date in accordance with General Condition 5(b)(iv)(B) (Charged Asset Optional 
Acquisition). 
(B) 
Charged Asset Optional Acquisition 
At any time following the Initial Acquisition Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Counterparty may request the Issuer 
to use any cash held as Charged Assets in the relevant Cash Account (from time 
to time, the Available Cash) to acquire additional assets that meet the Charged 
Asset Eligibility Criteria (such assets, the New Charged Assets and each such 
acquisition, a Charged Asset Acquisition). For the avoidance of doubt, under no 
circumstances may the Counterparty request a Charged Asset Acquisition for 
which the aggregate acquisition cost of the New Charged Assets exceeds the 
Available Cash. 
If the Counterparty has requested the Issuer to effect a Charged Asset Acquisition 
(the date of such request by the Counterparty, the Acquisition Request Date), 
the Redemption Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the Acquisition Request Date, arrange for the acquisition of 
the New Charged Assets.  
Following settlement of each such acquisition, the payment obligations of the 
parties under any Charged Agreement shall be adjusted so that the payment 
obligations of the Issuer shall reflect such subscription. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any assets forming part of the New Charged Assets 
shall, following acquisition by the Redemption Agent (on behalf of the Issuer), 
be deemed to be part of the Charged Assets and held subject to the security 
interests in favour of the Trustee as set out in the Trust Deed or any Charging 
Document.  
To the extent that Charged Assets are repaid on a date prior to their maturity other 
than by reason of default or an obligor (including the Credit Support Provider (if 
any)) fails to make payments to the Issuer under the relevant Charged Assets (other 
than the Charged Assets comprised of Counterparty Collateral) on the due date 
therefor and to the extent that the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) fails to pay, 
subject to General Condition 8(d) (Redemption upon termination of the Charged 
Agreements) and General Condition 13 (Events of Default), the Securities will 
become repayable in accordance with General Condition 8(b) (Redemption in 
relation to the ISDA Issuer Collateral and the Charged Assets (other than 
Counterparty Collateral)). 
(A) 
All payments and/or delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Securities and 
the Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of 
the assets received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Trustee in respect of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and, if 
applicable, the relevant Credit Support Document(s) and (ii) in the case of

--- Page 178 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
152
 
the Securities, the other Mortgaged Property (as defined in General 
Condition 5(a) Security) (applied, (a) prior to enforcement of the security for 
the Securities, in accordance with the order of priorities set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security for the 
Securities, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5(e) 
(Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of 
the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive 
(the difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will 
be borne by such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse 
of the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) 
following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with 
the inverse of the order of priorities set out in the provisions of General 
Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the Security Ranking Basis 
(if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, 
and each Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge 
that it is fully aware that: 
(i) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look 
solely to the assets referred to in paragraph (A) above, as applied in 
accordance with paragraphs (A) and (B) above (the Relevant Sums), 
for payments and/or deliveries to be made by the Issuer hereunder 
in respect of the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any); 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in 
respect of the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be 
limited to the Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and 
the Counterparty (if any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer 
in respect of the Securities or the Charged Agreement (if any), 
respectively; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of 
Korean Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and 
the Counterparty (if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding 
the Relevant Sums shall be automatically extinguished; and 
(iv) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not 
be able to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding-up of 
the Issuer as a consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute 
an Event of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) nor entitle the 
Counterparty (if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the 
remainder of the Charged Agreements or the Credit Support Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the Issuer, 
any Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any 
Securityholder for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the Issuer in respect 
of the Securities. 
(c) 
Charged Agreements  
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer has entered into one or more interest 
rate and/or currency and/or other exchange agreements and/or repurchase, reverse repurchase

--- Page 179 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
153
 
or securities lending agreements and/or other derivative, lending or hedging agreements (each 
a Charged Agreement) with one or more Counterparties. Where there is more than one 
Counterparty or Charged Agreement or, guarantee relating thereto, references to such terms in 
the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. Under a Charged Agreement, the Counterparty 
will make certain payments to the Issuer in respect of amounts due on the Securities (or, as the 
case may be, due by the Issuer in respect of its obligations under any other Mortgaged Property) 
and, if applicable, the Issuer will make certain payments to the Counterparty out of sums 
received by the Issuer or to the order of the Issuer on or in respect of the Charged Assets (or, as 
the case may be, received by the Issuer or to the order of the Issuer on or in respect of any other 
Mortgaged Property). 
(i) 
Swap Agreement 
Where "Swap Agreement" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
terms of each Charged Agreement where documented on the basis of one or more 
confirmations and an ISDA Master Agreement (including the Schedule thereto and, if 
the transaction is specified to be a "Collateralised Transaction" in the applicable 
confirmation, the applicable credit support annex (the Credit Support Annex) thereto) 
(together, a Swap Agreement) provide that the relevant Swap Counterparty may, 
without the consent of Securityholders or the Issuer, and upon providing five business 
days' prior written notice to the Trustee, transfer all or part of its interest and obligations 
in and under the relevant Swap Agreement to any affiliate of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty (the Transferee) provided that the Transferee either: (i) has an at least 
equivalent credit rating as of the date of such transfer to that of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty as of the date of such transfer; or (ii) is guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. or an 
affiliate of the relevant Swap Counterparty that has a credit rating as at the date of such 
transfer that is at least equivalent to that of the relevant Swap Counterparty as at the date 
of such transfer and provided that certain requirements and conditions set out in the Swap 
Agreement and the Supplemental Trust Deed have been satisfied. These requirements 
and conditions include (without limitation) the requirement that:  
(A) 
the Transferee shall, at the time of such transfer, have entered into a relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement with the Issuer on substantially the same terms as the 
relevant ISDA Master Agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Swap 
Counterparty;  
(B) 
as of the date of such transfer the transferee will not, as a result of such transfer, 
be required to withhold or deduct on account of tax under the relevant ISDA 
Master Agreement; 
(C) 
a Termination Event or an Event of Default (each as defined in the Swap 
Agreement) does not occur as a result of the transfer; and  
(D) 
if applicable, each rating agency has provided prior written notification that the 
then current ratings of the Securities rated by such rating agency will not be 
adversely affected.  
The Swap Agreement also contains an express contractual recognition that the Swap 
Agreement may be transferred pursuant to the statutory stay-and-transfer provisions of 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of 
the Dodd-Frank Act.  
Upon such transfer, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Conditions as it shall 
determine to be appropriate to reflect that the relevant Swap Counterparty has transferred 
all or part of its interest and obligations in and under the relevant Swap Agreement to an 
affiliate of the relevant Swap Counterparty and shall determine the effective date of that 
adjustment.  
Upon any such transfer, the Swap Agreement comprising the ISDA Master Agreement 
between the Issuer and the Transferee and any swap transaction between the Issuer and

--- Page 180 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
154
 
the Transferee as evidenced by any confirmation supplemental thereto and any guarantee 
relating thereto shall also be Charged Agreements. 
The Swap Agreement explicitly provides that any related guarantee or related credit 
enhancement provided by an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty may be transferred to 
another entity as transferee upon or following such affiliate becoming subject to a 
resolution, restructuring, reorganization or similar proceeding (an Insolvency 
Proceeding). This is not limited to a proceeding under Federal Deposit Insurance Act or 
the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Act, and would also 
include, for example, a proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In 
addition, the Swap Agreement explicitly provides that the Issuer will not be permitted to 
exercise any default right with respect to the Swap Agreement that is related, directly or 
indirectly, to an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty becoming subject to an Insolvency 
Proceeding, subject to certain exceptions, including if the default right arises as a result 
of (1) the Swap Counterparty becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, (2) the 
Swap Counterparty not satisfying a payment or delivery obligation pursuant to such 
Swap Agreement, or (3) the failure of the affiliate credit support provider of the Swap 
Counterparty, or any transferee thereof, to satisfy a payment or delivery obligation 
pursuant to any related guarantee or related credit enhancement that supports the Swap 
Agreement. After an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty becomes subject to an Insolvency 
Proceeding, the Issuer shall have the burden of proof, by clear and convincing evidence, 
that the exercise of any such default right against the Swap Counterparty is permitted 
under the Swap Agreement.  
The Swap Agreements will terminate on the Maturity Date unless terminated earlier in 
accordance with the terms thereof. In particular, the Swap Agreements will terminate in 
whole or in part (as applicable) if the Securities are redeemed or purchased pursuant to 
General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). In the event of an early termination, 
in the case of a Swap Agreement, either party may be liable to make a termination 
payment to the other in respect of any loss which that other party may have suffered as 
a result of such termination. 
None of the Issuer or any Issuer Credit Enhancer or, as applicable the Swap Counterparty 
under any Charged Agreement is obliged to gross up any payment to be made thereunder 
if withholding taxes are imposed. If the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, on the occasion 
of the next payment due under a relevant Swap Agreement, would or there is a substantial 
likelihood that it would be required due to a change in law to withhold or account for tax 
or would receive net of tax, its income relating to such Swap Agreement, the relevant 
Swap Counterparty may require the Issuer to (I) transfer all its obligations under the 
Swap Agreement, the Securities, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custodial 
Services Agreement and any Collateral Services Agreement to another entity which 
would not have the obligation to withhold or deduct or to which the Swap Counterparty 
would be entitled to make payments free from the relevant withholding or deduction or 
(II) transfer its residence for tax purposes to another jurisdiction, in either case, subject 
to obtaining the prior written consent of the Trustee and confirmation from any relevant 
rating agency that the rating of the Securities will not be adversely affected. If the Issuer 
is unable to effect such transfer, the Swap Counterparty may terminate such Swap 
Agreement, in which event the provisions of General Condition 8(d) (Redemption upon 
termination of the Charged Agreements) shall apply, or the provisions of General 
Condition 8(c)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the option of the Securityholders) 
shall apply.  
(ii) 
SL Agreement 
Where "SL Agreement" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
terms of each Charged Agreement shall be documented on the basis of a GMSLA Master 
Agreement in the form of a Global Master Securities Lending Agreement (January 2010 
Version) (the GMSLA Master Agreement) (including the schedules thereto, together 
with transactions entered into between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty in respect of 
a Series of Securities (the SL Transactions and each an SL Transaction)) (together the 
SL Agreement), provided that the relevant SL Counterparty may, without the consent

--- Page 181 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
155
 
of Securityholders or the Issuer, and upon providing five business days' prior written 
notice to the Trustee, transfer all or part of its interest and obligations in and under the 
relevant SL Agreement to any affiliate of the relevant SL Counterparty (the Transferee) 
provided that the Transferee either: (i) has an at least equivalent credit rating as of the 
date of such transfer to that of the relevant SL Counterparty as of the date of such transfer; 
or (ii) is guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. or an affiliate of the relevant SL Counterparty that 
has a credit rating as at the date of such transfer that is at least equivalent to that of the 
relevant SL Counterparty as at the date of such transfer and provided that certain 
requirements and conditions set out in the SL Agreement and the Supplemental Trust 
Deed have been satisfied. These requirements and conditions include (without limitation) 
the requirement that:  
(A) 
the Transferee shall, at the time of such transfer, have entered into a relevant 
GMSLA Master Agreement with the Issuer on substantially the same terms as the 
relevant GMSLA Master Agreement between the Issuer and the relevant SL 
Counterparty;  
(B) 
as of the date of such transfer the transferee will not, as a result of such transfer, 
be required to withhold or deduct on account of tax under the relevant GMSLA 
Master Agreement; 
(C) 
an Event of Default (as defined in the SL Agreement) or other event giving rise 
to a right to terminate the SL Agreement does not occur as a result of the transfer; 
and  
(D) 
if applicable, each rating agency has provided prior written notification that the 
then current ratings of the Securities rated by such rating agency will not be 
adversely affected.  
The SL Agreement also contains an express contractual recognition that the SL 
Agreement may be transferred pursuant to the statutory stay-and-transfer provisions of 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of 
the Dodd-Frank Act.  
Upon such transfer, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Conditions as it shall 
determine to be appropriate to reflect that the relevant SL Counterparty has transferred 
all or part of its interest and obligations in and under the relevant SL Agreement to an 
affiliate of the relevant SL Counterparty and shall determine the effective date of that 
adjustment and shall notify the Securityholders of such adjustments and the effective 
date thereof.  
Upon any such transfer, the SL Agreement comprising the GMSLA Master Agreement 
between the Issuer and the Transferee and any securities loan transaction between the 
Issuer and the Transferee and any guarantee relating thereto shall also be Charged 
Agreements. 
The SL Agreement explicitly provides that any related guarantee or related credit 
enhancement provided by an affiliate of the SL Counterparty may be transferred to 
another entity as transferee upon or following such affiliate becoming subject to a 
resolution, restructuring, reorganization or similar proceeding (an Insolvency 
Proceeding). This is not limited to a proceeding under Federal Deposit Insurance Act or 
the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Act, and would also 
include, for example, a proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In 
addition, the SL Agreement explicitly provides that the Issuer will not be permitted to 
exercise any default right with respect to the SL Agreement that is related, directly or 
indirectly, to an affiliate of the SL Counterparty becoming subject to an Insolvency 
Proceeding, subject to certain exceptions, including if the default right arises as a result 
of (1) the SL Counterparty becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, (2) the SL 
Counterparty not satisfying a payment or delivery obligation pursuant to such SL 
Agreement, or (3) the failure of the affiliate credit support provider of the Counterparty, 
or any transferee thereof, to satisfy a payment or delivery obligation pursuant to any

--- Page 182 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
156
 
related guarantee or related credit enhancement that supports the SL Agreement. After 
an affiliate of the SL Counterparty becomes subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, the 
Issuer shall have the burden of proof, by clear and convincing evidence, that the exercise 
of any such default right against the SL Counterparty is permitted under the SL 
Agreement.  
The SL Agreements will terminate on the Maturity Date unless terminated earlier in 
accordance with the terms thereof. In particular, the SL Agreements will terminate in 
whole or in part (as applicable) if the Securities are redeemed or purchased pursuant to 
General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). In the event of an early termination, 
in the case of an SL Agreement, either party may be liable to make a termination payment 
to the other in respect of any loss which that other party may have suffered as a result of 
such termination. 
None of the Issuer or any Issuer Credit Enhancer or, as applicable the SL Counterparty 
under any SL Agreement is obliged to gross up any payment to be made thereunder if 
withholding taxes are imposed. If the Issuer or the SL Counterparty, on the occasion of 
the next payment due under a relevant SL Agreement, would or there is a substantial 
likelihood that it would be required due to a change in law to withhold or account for tax 
or would receive net of tax, its income relating to such SL Agreement, the relevant SL 
Counterparty may require the Issuer to (I) transfer all its interest and obligations under 
the SL Agreement, the Securities, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custodial 
Services Agreement and any Collateral Services Agreement to another entity which 
would not have the obligation to withhold or deduct or to which the SL Counterparty 
would be entitled to make payments free from the relevant withholding or deduction or 
(II) transfer its residence for tax purposes to another jurisdiction, in either case, subject 
to obtaining the prior written consent of the Trustee and confirmation from any relevant 
rating agency that the rating of the Securities will not be adversely affected. If the Issuer 
is unable to effect such transfer, the SL Counterparty may terminate such SL Agreement, 
in which event the provisions of General Condition 8(d) (Redemption upon termination 
of the Charged Agreements) shall apply, or the provisions of General Condition 8(c)(i) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the option of the Securityholders) shall apply.  
The Trustee shall not be bound or concerned to make any investigation into the creditworthiness 
of any of the Counterparty, the validity of any obligations of the Counterparty under or in respect 
of the Charged Agreement(s) or any of the terms of the Charged Agreements (including, without 
limitation, whether the cash flows from the Charged Assets, the Charged Agreements and the 
Securities are matched). 
To the extent that the Counterparty fails to make payments due to the Issuer under any 
Charged Agreement and to the extent that the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) fails to pay, 
the Charged Agreements will be terminated and, subject to General Condition 13 (Events 
of Default), the Securities will become repayable in accordance with General Condition 
8(d) (Redemption upon termination of the Charged Agreements). 
(A) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities 
and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the 
assets received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Trustee in respect of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and, if applicable, the relevant 
Credit Support Document(s) and (ii) in the case of the Securities the other 
Mortgaged Property (as defined in General Condition 5(a) Security)) (applied, (a) 
prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the order 
of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of 
the security for the Securities, in accordance with the provisions of General 
Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if 
applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of the 
Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the 
difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by

--- Page 183 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
157
 
such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security 
for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities set out in 
the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the 
Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities and each 
Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully 
aware that: 
(i) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely 
to the assets referred to in paragraph (A) above, as applied in accordance 
with paragraphs (A) and (B) above, (the Relevant Sums) for payments and/or 
deliveries to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities and 
the Charged Agreement (if any); 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in respect of 
the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be limited to the 
Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if 
any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the Securities 
the Charged Agreement (if any), respectively; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of Korean 
Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty 
(if any) to claim payment of any assets exceeding the Relevant Sums shall be 
automatically extinguished; and 
(iv) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able 
to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of the Issuer as a 
consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an 
Event of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) nor entitle the 
Counterparty (if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the 
remainder of the Charged Agreements or the Credit Support Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the Issuer, 
any Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any 
Securityholder for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the Issuer in respect of 
the Securities. 
(d) 
Realisation of Mortgaged Property upon redemption under General Condition 13 (Events of 
Default) 
In the event of the security constituted under the Trust Deed and/or the Charging Document (as 
the case may be) over any of the Mortgaged Property becoming enforceable on an early 
redemption of Securities as provided in General Condition 13 (Events of Default), the Trustee 
may in its discretion and, if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
aggregate principal amount (in respect of Notes) or at least one-fifth part of the number (in 
respect of Certificates) of, in the case of a Series of Securities comprising only one Class of 
Securities, the Securities then outstanding or, in the case of a Series of Securities comprising 
more than one Class of Securities where Securities of one or more Classes rank above the 
Securities of another or other Classes, the most senior ranking Class of Securities then 
outstanding or in the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of Securities 
where the Securities or each Class rank pari passu, of each Class of Securities or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of, in the case of a Series of 
Securities comprising only one Class of Securities, the Securityholders or, in the case of a Series

--- Page 184 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
158
 
of Securities comprising more than one Class of Securities where Securities of one or more 
Classes rank above the Securities of another or other Classes, the Securityholders of the most 
senior ranking Class of Securities then outstanding or by the Counterparty (if any) or in the case 
of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of Securities where the Securities or 
each Class rank pari passu, of each Class of Securities or by the Counterparty (if any), shall (but 
in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard 
to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders or the Counterparty (if any)), realise 
such Mortgaged Property and/or take such action as may be permitted under applicable laws 
against any obligor in respect of such Mortgaged Property, provided that the Trustee shall not 
be required to take any such action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction and subject as provided in General Condition 13 (Events of Default). On the 
happening of any such event, the Charged Agreement(s) (or part thereof) (if any) will terminate 
in accordance with its/their terms. 
The Trust Deed, in relation to any relevant Series of Securities, contains provisions limiting the 
powers of holders of any Class of Securities ranking junior in point of priority to any other Class 
or Classes of Securities, inter alia, to request or direct the Trustee to take any action or to pass 
an effective Extraordinary Resolution according to the effect thereof on the interests of the 
holders of the more senior ranking Class or Classes of Securities. Except in certain 
circumstances, the Trust Deed contains no such limitation on the powers of holders of any Class 
of Securities in respect of holders of any Class or Classes of Securities ranking junior thereto to 
request or direct the Trustee to take any action or to pass an effective Extraordinary Resolution, 
and any such action or Extraordinary Resolution will be binding on the holders of any junior 
ranking Class or Classes of Securities, irrespective of the effect thereof on their interests. 
(A) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Securities and the 
Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the assets 
received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee 
in respect of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and, if applicable, the relevant Credit 
Support Document(s) and (ii) in the case of the Securities, the other Mortgaged 
Property (as defined in General Condition 5(a) Security)) (applied, (a) prior to 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the order of 
priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 
5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of the 
Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the 
difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by 
such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security 
for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities set out in 
the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the 
Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, and 
each Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully 
aware that: 
(i) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely 
to the assets referred to in paragraph (A) above, as applied in accordance 
with paragraphs (A) and (B) above (the Relevant Sums), for payments and/or 
deliveries to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities and 
the Charged Agreement (if any); 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in respect of 
the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be limited to the 
Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if

--- Page 185 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
159
 
any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the Securities 
or the Charged Agreement (if any), respectively; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of Korean 
Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty 
(if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding the Relevant Sums shall be 
automatically extinguished; and 
(iv) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able 
to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer as a 
consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an Event 
of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default), nor entitle the Counterparty 
(if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the remainder (if any) of the 
Charged Agreement(s) or the Credit Support Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the Issuer, any 
Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any Securityholder 
for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
Application of proceeds 
(i) 
Mortgaged Property secured in respect of a Series of one Class only or in the case of 
Series of Securities comprising more than one Class but each Class ranks pari passu 
The Trust Deed provides that, in the case of a Series of one Class only or in the case of 
Series of Securities comprising more than one Class but each Class ranks pari passu, 
(subject to the provisions of General Condition 8(j) (Redemption at the option of the 
Securityholders (Investor Put) and General Condition 8(f) (Purchases) the Realisation 
Amount (following payment of all amounts due to the Trustee, the Floating Charge 
Holder and/or any appointee under or pursuant to the Trust Deed, including any costs, 
expenses and taxes incurred in connection with enforcement or realisation in accordance 
with the Trust Deed or any Charging Document) shall be applied:  
(A) 
in the case of the security granted over the Charged Assets and any relevant Credit 
Support Document(s) where there is no Charged Agreement, pro rata and on a 
pari passu basis in meeting the claims of the Securityholders under the Securities 
of that Series; 
(B) 
in the case of the security granted over the Charged Assets and any relevant Credit 
Support Document(s) where there is a Charged Agreement, in accordance with 
the Security Ranking Basis specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(C) 
in the case of the security granted over the Mortgaged Property other than the 
Charged Assets and any relevant Credit Support Document(s), pro rata and on a 
pari passu basis in meeting the claims of the Securityholders under the Securities 
of that Series; and 
(D) 
if applicable, after payment in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) and (C) 
above, to the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) in respect of any payments made 
under the Securities Guarantee relating to that Series or, if none, the Issuer or as 
otherwise directed by the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Mortgaged Property secured in respect of a Series of more than one Class where the 
Securities of one or more Classes rank above the Securities of another or other Classes 
Where so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
more than one Class of Securities within one Series may be secured upon the same

--- Page 186 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
160
 
Mortgaged Property. In such circumstances, and where the Securities of one or more 
Classes have a different ranking in point of priority to the Securities of another or other 
Classes, as described in the applicable Issue Terms then the Trust Deed provides that, 
subject to the provisions of General Condition 8(j) (Redemption at the option of the 
Securityholders (Investor Put)) and General Condition 10 8(f) (Purchases)), upon 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, the Realisation Amount shall be applied 
in accordance with the Security Ranking Basis set out in the applicable Issue Terms 
and/or the applicable Supplemental Trust Deed. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the application of proceeds 
For the purposes of this General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and in respect 
of a Series of one Class of Securities only or in respect of a Series of more than one Class 
but where each such Class ranks pari passu, and if so specified as the Security Ranking 
Basis in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
Primary Basis shall mean that the Realisation Amount shall be applied 
(following payment of all amounts due to the Trustee, the Floating Charge Holder 
and/or any appointee under or pursuant to the Trust Deed as aforesaid) first, pro 
rata and on a pari passu basis in meeting the aggregate claims of the 
Securityholders under the Securities (if applicable, applied in accordance with the 
relevant ranking of each Class within a Series) and thereafter in meeting the 
aggregate claims of the Counterparty (if any) under the Charged Agreement or, if 
more than one Counterparty, the Counterparties under the Charged Agreements 
on a pro rata and pari passu basis; 
(B) 
Pari Passu Basis shall mean that the Realisation Amount shall be applied 
(following payment of all amounts due to the Trustee, the Floating Charge Holder 
and/or any appointee under or pursuant to the Trust Deed as aforesaid) pro rata 
and on a pari passu basis in meeting the aforesaid claims of the Securityholders 
under the Securities (if applicable, applied in accordance with the relevant ranking 
of each Class within a Series) and the Counterparty (if any) under the Charged 
Agreement; and 
(C) 
Secondary Basis shall mean that the Realisation Amount shall be applied 
(following payment of all amounts due to the Trustee, the Floating Charge Holder 
and/or any appointee under or pursuant to the Trust Deed as aforesaid) first, in 
meeting the aforesaid claims of the Counterparty (if any) under the Charged 
Agreement or, if more than one Counterparty, the Counterparties under the 
Charged Agreements on a pro rata and pari passu basis and thereafter pro rata 
and on a pari passu basis in meeting the aforesaid claims of the Securityholders 
(if applicable, applied in accordance with the relevant ranking of each Class 
within a Series), 
provided that for the purposes of Korean Market Notes, the Security Ranking Basis shall 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms) be Primary Basis. 
In respect of a Series comprising more than one Class of Securities where the Securities 
of one or more Classes rank above the Securities of another or other Classes, the Security 
Ranking Basis shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of these General Conditions, Realisation Amount shall mean, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the equivalent in the Specified 
Currency of the net assets of the realisation or, as the case may be, redemption of the 
Charged Assets and/or the Mortgaged Property as applicable, (or, as the case may be, 
part thereof) and/or, if applicable, the net assets due (if any) as a result of the termination 
of any Charged Agreement and/or, if applicable, any claim arising under the Credit 
Support Document(s) received by or on behalf of the Issuer (or, in the case of 
enforcement, by or on behalf of the Trustee), such net assets shall be determined having 
taken into account, for the avoidance of doubt, any taxes, duties, costs and expenses 
which may be incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer, Redemption Agent or, as the case

--- Page 187 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
161
 
may be, the Trustee and/or the Floating Charge Holder, including taxes and other charges 
in connection with the delivery or sale of any Charged Assets or the Mortgaged Property, 
as the case may be, to the extent the net proceeds are received in respect thereof and any 
taxes, duties, costs and expenses due by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the 
Securities and the acquisition of any Charged Assets or the Mortgaged Property, as the 
case may be. 
The terms of the realisation of any Charged Assets pursuant to the terms hereof shall be 
determined in the discretion of the Redemption Agent and none of the Redemption 
Agent, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be liable for any shortfall arising therefrom. 
(f) 
Shortfall after application of proceeds 
(A) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities 
and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the 
assets received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Trustee in respect of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and, if applicable, the relevant 
Credit Support Document(s) and (ii) in the case of the Securities the other 
Mortgaged Property (as defined in General Condition 5(a) Security)) (applied (a) 
prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the order 
of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of 
the security for the Securities, in accordance with the provisions of General 
Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if 
applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of the 
Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the 
difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by 
such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security 
for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities set out in 
the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the 
Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, and 
each Counterparty (if any) will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully 
aware that: 
(i) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely 
to the assets referred to in paragraph (A) above, as applied in accordance 
with paragraphs (A) and (B) above (the Relevant Sums), for payments and/or 
deliveries to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities and 
the Charged Agreement (if any); 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in respect of 
the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be limited to the 
Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if 
any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the Securities 
or the Charged Agreement (if any), respectively; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of Korean 
Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty 
(if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding the Relevant Sums shall be 
automatically extinguished; and 
(iv) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able 
to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer as a 
consequence of any such shortfall.

--- Page 188 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
162
 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an 
Event of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) nor entitle the 
Counterparty (if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the 
remainder of the Charged Agreements or the Credit Support Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the Issuer, 
any Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any 
Securityholder for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the Issuer in respect of 
the Securities.  
6. 
Restrictions  
So long as any of the Securities remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee and the Counterparty (if any): 
(a) 
engage in any activity or do anything whatsoever, except: 
(i) 
(A) 
where the Issuer is Ensemble acting in respect of one of its Compartments, (1) 
issue Securities as contemplated by the Trust Deed (which may be rated or 
unrated), subject to the maximum aggregate principal amount or number of 
Securities, as the case may be, which may be outstanding under the Programme 
at any one time or (2) enter into or incur indebtedness in respect of moneys 
borrowed or raised where such indebtedness is incurred on terms (I) that such 
indebtedness is secured on specified assets of the Issuer which do not form part 
of the Charged Assets subject to the fixed security granted under the Trust Deed 
in respect of any Series of Securities, (II) that recourse in respect of such 
indebtedness is limited to such secured assets, (III) that the enforcement 
provisions relating to such indebtedness are substantially similar to those 
contained in these General Conditions and (IV) which provide for the 
extinguishment of all claims in respect of such indebtedness after application of 
the proceeds of the assets on which such indebtedness is secured (Ensemble 
Permitted Indebtedness), provided that in relation to (1) and (2) above, the 
Issuer will comply with the Luxembourg act dated 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended (the Securitisation Act 2004), the guidelines and 
instructions of the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier and mandatory Luxembourg law provisions;  
(B) 
where the Issuer is Concerto, (1) issue Securities as contemplated by the Trust 
Deed (which may be rated or unrated) subject to the maximum aggregate principal 
amount or number of Securities, as the case may be, which may be outstanding 
under the Programme at any one time or (2) enter into or incur indebtedness in 
respect of moneys borrowed or raised where such indebtedness is incurred on 
terms (I) that such indebtedness is secured on specified assets of the Issuer which 
do not form part of the Charged Assets subject to the fixed security granted under 
the Trust Deed in respect of any Series of Securities, (II) that recourse in respect 
of such indebtedness is limited to such secured assets and (III) that the 
enforcement provisions relating to such indebtedness are substantially similar to 
those contained in these Conditions (Concerto Permitted Indebtedness and 
each of Ensemble Permitted Indebtedness and Concerto Permitted Indebtedness 
being Permitted Indebtedness, provided that any reference to Permitted 
Indebtedness hereafter shall be to the Permitted Indebtedness of the relevant 
Issuer for the relevant Series of Securities);  
(ii) 
acquire and own Charged Assets or any assets used to secure any Permitted Indebtedness, 
and exercise its rights and perform its obligations in respect thereof; 
(iii) 
enter into and perform its obligations under the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Custodial Services Agreement, any Collateral Services Agreement, any Charged

--- Page 189 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
163
 
Agreements, any Credit Support Documents, agreements incidental to the issue and 
constitution of, and the granting of security for, Securities and any agreements relating 
to the creation of or incidental to the creation of and the granting of security for, any 
Permitted Indebtedness; 
(iv) 
enforce or take any action to exercise any of its rights whether under the Agency 
Agreement, the Custodial Services Agreement, any Collateral Services Agreement, any 
Charged Agreements, any Credit Support Documents or the Trust Deed or otherwise 
under any agreement entered into in relation to the Securities, any Permitted 
Indebtedness or the Mortgaged Property relating to any Series; 
(v) 
if appropriate for the Issuer borrow money subject to the restrictions set out in the Trust 
Deed; or 
(vi) 
perform any act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above, including 
without limitation, entering into one or more interest rate and/or currency and/or other 
exchange agreements and/or repurchase, reverse repurchase or securities lending 
agreements and/or other derivative, lending or hedging agreements in connection with 
the issue of Securities or incurrence of any Permitted Indebtedness; 
(b) 
subject to sub-paragraph (a) above and sub-paragraph (c) below, dispose of any of its property 
or other assets or any part thereof or interest therein (otherwise than in accordance with General 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase)); 
(c) 
save as expressly permitted by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, create or permit within 
its control to subsist any charge, mortgage, lien or other encumbrance over the Mortgaged 
Property other than those encumbrances created pursuant to, or as referred to in, the Master 
Trust Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed or the Charging Document; 
(d) 
have any employees; 
(e) 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, declare any dividends or make any 
distributions to shareholders of any other kind; 
(f) 
issue any further shares; or 
(g) 
perform such other activities as are expressly restricted in the Master Trust Deed. 
7. 
Interest  
The provisions relating to interest due in respect of the Securities (if any) shall be as specified 
in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms.  
(a) 
Payments only to the extent of funds available therefor 
To the extent that an obligor (including the Credit Support Provider (if any)) fails to make 
payments to the Issuer under the relevant Charged Assets (other than Counterparty 
Collateral) on the due date therefor and to the extent that the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if 
any) fails to pay, subject to General Conditions 8(b) (Redemption in relation to the ISDA 
Issuer Collateral and the Charged Assets (other than Counterparty Collateral)), 8(d) 
(Redemption upon termination of the Charged Agreements) and 13 (Events of Default), the 
Securities will become repayable in accordance with these General Conditions and the 
security therefor will become enforceable in accordance with and subject to the provisions 
of General Condition 14 (Enforcement). 
(i) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Securities and the 
Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the assets 
received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee 
in respect of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and, if applicable, the relevant Credit 
Support Document(s) and (ii) in the case of the Securities, the other Mortgaged 
Property (as defined in General Condition 5(a) (Security)) (applied, (a) prior to

--- Page 190 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
164
 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the order of 
priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 
5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(ii) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of the 
Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the 
difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by 
such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security 
for the Security, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities set out in 
the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the 
Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, and 
each Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully 
aware that: 
(A) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely 
to the assets referred to in paragraph (i) above, as applied in accordance with 
paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (the Relevant Sums), for payments and/or 
deliveries to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities and 
the Charged Agreement (if any); 
(B) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in respect of 
the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be limited to the 
Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if 
any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the Securities 
or the Charged Agreement (if any), respectively; 
(C) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of 
Korean Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and the 
Counterparty (if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding the Relevant 
Sums shall be automatically extinguished; and 
(D) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able 
to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer as a 
consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an Event 
of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) nor entitle the Counterparty (if 
any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the remainder of the Charged 
Agreements or the Credit Support Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the Issuer, any 
Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any Securityholder 
for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the Issuer in respect of the Securities.  
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption or Termination 
Unless otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, or unless previously 
redeemed, terminated or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Security (in the case 
of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) will be redeemed 
or terminated (as applicable) at the amount (the Redemption Amount) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule on the Maturity

--- Page 191 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
165
 
Date, provided that for the purposes of Korean Market Notes, the Redemption Amount for each 
Note will be an amount equal to its Specified Denomination. 
The following terms have the following meanings: 
Maturity Date means, in respect of (i) Securities other than Credit Linked Notes, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; (ii) Credit Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date thereof; and 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of an issue of Credit Linked Notes, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption in relation to the ISDA Issuer Collateral and the Charged Assets (other than 
Counterparty Collateral) 
(i) 
Early repayment of ISDA Issuer Collateral or Charged Assets (other than Counterparty 
Collateral) other than by reason of default in payment 
Subject to General Condition 8(b)(iii) (General provisions) below and subject to the right 
of any person specified in the applicable Issue Terms to substitute Charged Assets in 
accordance with General Condition 5(b) (Charged Assets) (provided that any such right 
shall be exercisable upon the giving by such person of a period of not less than five 
Business Days' notice expiring prior to the date upon which the Issuer is to receive the 
redemption proceeds of such Charged Assets), if any ISDA Issuer Collateral (or part 
thereof) or the Charged Assets (or part thereof), other than any Charged Assets 
comprising Counterparty Collateral, become due and repayable on a date prior to their 
stated maturity date (or, if applicable, claims arise under the Credit Support Document 
(if any) and/or such claims become enforceable) (other than by reason of default in 
payment), then the Issuer shall, forthwith upon becoming aware of such event, on giving 
such period of notice as expires not more than ten nor less than five Business Days 
following the date upon which the Counterparty in the case of ISDA Issuer Collateral is 
to receive the redemption proceeds of such ISDA Issuer Collateral or the Issuer is to 
receive the redemption proceeds of such Charged Assets (or, if applicable, the proceeds 
of any claim under the Credit Support Document(s) (if any)) (or such other period of 
notice as may be otherwise agreed with the Trustee or unless the Trustee shall (at the 
expense of the Issuer) certify to the Issuer that it considers in its absolute discretion that 
it is in the best interests of the Securityholders that such notice be delayed or not given 
or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders shall otherwise direct, subject, in 
the case of Securities in a Series comprising more than one Class of Securities, to 
restrictions contained in the Trust Deed to protect the interests of the holders of related 
Securities of each Class) to the Trustee, the Counterparty (if any), the Credit Support 
Provider (if any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the rating agencies (if any) 
and to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices), redeem 
the Securities (or part thereof) at the Early Redemption Amount on the expiry of such 
notice. 
(ii) 
Default in payment by obligor of ISDA Issuer Collateral or Charged Assets (other than 
Counterparty Collateral) 
Subject to General Condition 8(b)(iii) (General provisions) below and subject to the right 
of any person specified in the applicable Issue Terms to substitute Charged Assets in 
accordance with General Condition 5(b) (Charged Assets) (provided that any such right 
shall be exercisable upon the giving by such person, of a period of not less than five 
Business Days' notice expiring prior to the giving of the notice to the Redemption Agent 
referred to below), if: 
(A) 
there has been a payment default in respect of the ISDA Issuer Collateral (or part 
thereof) or the Charged Assets (or part thereof), other than any Charged Assets 
comprising Counterparty Collateral, having taken into account any applicable 
grace period (and, for the avoidance of doubt, a payment made in accordance with 
the application of any fallback following the occurrence of a disruption event in

--- Page 192 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
166
 
respect of an index, benchmark or price source shall not constitute such a failure); 
or  
(B) 
any of the ISDA Issuer Collateral or any of the Charged Assets, other than any 
Charged Assets comprising Counterparty Collateral, (or amounts due pursuant 
thereto) become capable of being declared due and payable (without taking into 
account for this purpose any grace period under any terms in effect) prior to their 
stated date of maturity or other date or dates for their repayment by reason of any 
event of default (howsoever described) thereunder; or  
(C) 
claims arise under any applicable Credit Support Document and/or any such 
claims become enforceable, 
the Issuer shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Trustee and the Redemption Agent 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Redemption Agent shall, subject to the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, as soon as reasonably practicable arrange for and 
administer the sale of the Charged Assets (or, if applicable, enforcement of the Credit 
Support Document(s) (if any)) (or in the event that none or some only of the Charged 
Assets become due and repayable as provided above, the relevant proportion thereof (if 
any)). The Issuer shall at the same time (unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee) give 
notice (1) that the Securities (or part thereof) are to be redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount pursuant to this General Condition 8(b)(ii) (Default in payment by obligor of 
ISDA Issuer Collateral or Charged Assets (other than Counterparty Collateral))) as soon 
as reasonably practicable following receipt of the realisation proceeds (if any) of the 
Charged Assets (and/or, if applicable, of the proceeds of any claim under the Credit 
Support Documents (if any)) (or part thereof) and/or any termination payment payable 
to the Issuer upon termination of any Charged Agreement and (2) upon receipt of such 
amounts and unless otherwise agreed with the Trustee, of the date upon which the 
Securities (or part thereof) are to be redeemed (which date shall be not more than ten nor 
less than five Business Days following receipt of all such amounts), in both cases to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) and to the Trustee, 
the Counterparty (if any), the Credit Support Provider (if any), the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Registrar and the rating agencies (if any). 
(iii) 
General provisions 
Subject as provided below, in the event that some only of the ISDA Issuer Collateral or 
the Charged Assets become repayable (or, if applicable, claims arise under the Credit 
Support Document(s) (if any) and/or any such claims become enforceable with respect 
to some only of the ISDA Issuer Collateral or the Charged Assets) as aforesaid (together, 
the Repayable Assets) pursuant to General Condition 8(b)(i) (Early repayment of ISDA 
Issuer Collateral or Charged Assets (other than Counterparty Collateral) other than by 
reason of default in payment) or General Condition 8(b)(ii) (Default in payment by 
obligor of ISDA Issuer Collateral or Charged Assets (other than Counterparty 
Collateral))) above, the Securities will be partially redeemed in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the proportion of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Securities that the principal amount of the Repayable Assets bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of all of the ISDA Issuer Collateral and Charged Assets, subject as 
provided below. The Securities to be redeemed (Redeemed Securities) will be selected, 
as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms, either (A) individually by lot, in the case of 
Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, or in accordance with the rules 
of Euroclear and/or, Clearstream, Luxembourg, in the case of Redeemed Securities 
represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate, not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
Selection Date) or (B) in accordance with the order of priorities relating to the repayment 
of principal of the Securities. In the case of Redeemed Securities represented by 
definitive Securities, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Securities will be 
published in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Registered Security 
Certificate for definitive Securities will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant

--- Page 193 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
167
 
to this General Condition 8(b) (Redemption in relation to the ISDA Issuer Collateral and 
the Charged Assets (other than Counterparty Collateral)) and notice to that effect shall 
be given by the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 
(Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. Any such partial redemption shall 
be deemed not prejudicial to the interests of any remaining Securityholders of any Class 
or Series. 
Inability to make payment of the full amount due in respect of a partial redemption of 
the Securities under this General Condition 8(b) (Redemption in relation to the ISDA 
Issuer Collateral and the Charged Assets (other than Counterparty Collateral))) or any 
termination payment under any Charged Agreement shall not constitute an Event of 
Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
(iv) 
Charged Asset Modification Event (in respect of Charged Assets other than 
Counterparty Collateral) 
Upon the occurrence of a Charged Asset Modification Event at any time on or prior to 
the date on which the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities are discharged in 
full: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to any of the provisions of the 
Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series as it determines 
in its sole and absolute discretion as necessary or appropriate to account for the 
effect of the relevant Charged Asset Modification Event (including, without 
limitation, any amendments necessary to account for the commercial effect of a 
change to the basis for determining any amounts due in respect of the ISDA Issuer 
Collateral and/or Charged Assets) and determine the effective date of such 
amendments; or 
(B) 
the Issuer may at its discretion and without obligation redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities, with each Specified Denomination being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount of such Security. 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the existence of a Charged Asset 
Modification Event and of any amendments it proposes to make in accordance with 
paragraph (A) above. The Issuer shall give notice, which notice shall be irrevocable, to 
the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) and to the 
Trustee, the Counterparty (if any), the Credit Support Provider (if any), the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar and the rating agencies (if any) of any amendments to be 
made in accordance with paragraph (A) above or if it elects to early redeem the Securities 
in accordance with paragraph (B) above.  
If the Securities are to be redeemed in accordance with paragraph (B) above, then the 
Redemption Agent shall, subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed, as soon as 
reasonably practicable arrange for and administer the sale of the Charged Assets. As soon 
as reasonably practicable following receipt of the sale proceeds of the Charged Assets 
and/or any termination payment payable to the Issuer upon termination of any Charged 
Agreement, the Issuer shall (unless otherwise agreed with the Trustee) give not less than 
five nor more than ten Business Days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 18 (Notices) and to the Trustee, the Counterparty (if any), the Credit 
Support Provider (if any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the rating 
agencies (if any) of the date upon which the Securities are to be redeemed.  
Charged Asset Modification Event means the determination by the Calculation Agent 
that, when compared with circumstances existing at the Trade Date: (1) there has been a 
modification of any constitutive and/or governing documents and/or other agreements in 
respect of the ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or the Charged Assets (other than Counterparty 
Collateral) specifying the terms and conditions of such ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or 
Charged Assets; and/or (2) the ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or the Charged Assets (other 
than Counterparty Collateral) are subject to a material change in their content or 
constitution, including but not limited to such ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or Charged

--- Page 194 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
168
 
Assets being subdivided, consolidated, redenominated, reclassified, altered, converted 
into any other securities or obligations (of the original obligor thereunder or any 
successor or new obligor), or any analogous event. For the avoidance of doubt, a Charged 
Asset Modification Event will include, without limitation, any redenomination of the 
ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or the Charged Assets (other than Counterparty Collateral) 
into any other currency or change in the basis for determining any amounts due in respect 
of such ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or Charged Assets and the occurrence of any event 
analogous to a Reference Rate Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event in respect 
of any rate, index, benchmark or similar by reference to which payments due on such 
ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or Charged Assets are determined resulting in a change to 
the basis for determining any amounts due in respect of the ISDA Issuer Collateral and/or 
Charged Assets. 
(v) 
Termination of any Charged Agreements 
In the event of any such redemption under this General Condition 8(b) (Redemption in 
relation to the ISDA Issuer Collateral and the Charged Assets (other than Counterparty 
Collateral))), the Charged Agreements (or a proportionate part thereof which 
corresponds to the Securities to be redeemed) will be terminated. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the Option of the Securityholders and Redemption for 
Force Majeure, Act of State, Illegality or Impossibility 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the option of the Securityholders 
If either: 
(A) 
the Issuer (1) would be required by law to withhold or account for tax in relation 
to payments on the Securities, (2) would suffer tax in respect of gains or its 
income in respect of the Charged Assets or payments made to it under a Charged 
Agreement or (3) would receive net of tax any payment in respect of the Charged 
Assets or a Charged Agreement, with the result that in each case it would be 
unable to make payment of the full amount due in respect of the Securities; or 
(B) 
if an Issuer Credit Enhancer is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Issuer Credit Enhancer would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure 
payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required by law to 
withhold or account for tax, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) shall as soon as 
reasonably practicable so notify the Trustee and, if applicable, the Counterparty (if any) 
and each relevant rating agency and: 
(1) 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) shall notify 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 18 (Notices) by promptly giving notice that all further 
payments in respect of the Securities shall be made subject to, and after deduction 
of, all applicable taxes. Any such deduction shall not constitute an Event of 
Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default); and 
(2) 
if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, upon notification to the 
Securityholders in accordance with sub-paragraph (A) above, each Securityholder 
may, by giving written notice in the manner described in General Condition 8(j) 
(Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)) to the Issuer, or 
(if applicable) the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), require the Issuer, failing whom 
the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), to redeem all, but not some only of the 
Securities held by such Securityholder at the Early Redemption Amount. Such 
notice shall be given not later than 20 days (the Notification Date) following the 
date upon which the Issuer gave the notice referred to in sub paragraph (1) above. 
In the event that the Issuer becomes obliged to redeem any Securities in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (2) above, the Issuer shall on the Business Day immediately following the

--- Page 195 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
169
 
Notification Date give notice thereof to the Trustee and the Redemption Agent (if any). 
Where the Mortgaged Property includes Charged Assets, the Redemption Agent shall, 
subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed, as soon as reasonably practicable arrange for 
and administer the sale of the Charged Assets (or in the event that some only of the 
Securities are to be redeemed, the relevant proportion thereof). As soon as reasonably 
practicable following receipt of the sale proceeds thereof and/or any termination payment 
payable to the Issuer upon termination of any Charged Agreement, the Issuer shall 
(unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee) give not more than ten nor less than five 
Business Days' notice, which notice shall be irrevocable, to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) and to the Trustee, the Counterparty (if 
any), the Credit Support Provider (if any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and 
the rating agencies (if any) of the date on which such Securities are to be redeemed. 
Inability to make payment of the full amount due in respect of a redemption of the 
Securities under this General Condition 8(c)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the 
option of the Securityholders) shall not constitute an Event of Default under General 
Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
In the event of any such redemption under this General Condition 8(c)(i) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons at the option of the Securityholders)), the Charged Agreements (or 
the relevant proportion thereof) will terminate. 
(ii) 
Early Redemption for force majeure, act of state, illegality or impossibility 
If, for reasons beyond the control of the Issuer or, as the case may be, any Counterparty: 
(A) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities or the relevant 
Counterparty's obligations under the relevant Charged Agreement is prevented by 
reason of: 
(1) 
a force majeure or act of state (in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if none, the Agent Bank) occurring after such 
obligation is entered into; or  
(2) 
such obligations have become illegal or impossible in whole or in part; or 
(B) 
a Regulatory Event occurs, 
the Issuer may at its discretion and without obligation redeem (or, in the case of a 
Regulatory Event, will redeem) all but not some only of the Securities and where the 
Mortgaged Property includes Charged Assets, the Redemption Agent shall, subject to 
the provisions of the Trust Deed, arrange and administer the sale of the Charged Assets 
and the Charged Agreements (if any) will be terminated by the Issuer giving not less than 
five nor more than ten Business Days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 18 (Notices) and to the Trustee, the Counterparty (if any), the Credit 
Support Provider (if any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the rating 
agencies (if any) which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date upon which 
the Securities shall be redeemed (for the purposes of this General Condition 8(c)(ii) 
(Early Redemption for force majeure, act of state, illegality or impossibility), such date 
on which the Securities become immediately due and payable, the Early Redemption 
Date). 
If the Securities are so cancelled, the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, pay to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by such holder 
an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount of such Security notwithstanding the 
force majeure, act of state, illegality or impossibility as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices). 
For the purpose of the above:

--- Page 196 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
170
 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of each Security and the Early Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of such Security, a date notified by the Issuer to the relevant 
Securityholder in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) as the date for the 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount. 
Regulatory Event means, whether it occurred or commenced prior to or after the Issue 
Date (and whether or not having the force of law): 
(A) 
any promulgation or application of rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or 
directives from U.S. regulatory agencies relating to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street 
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act); or  
(B) 
any change in existing or future rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or 
directives from U.S. regulatory agencies relating to the Dodd-Frank Act, 
in each case, which becomes effective, or the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Counterparty and/or Citibank, N.A. and/or any of its Affiliates 
to comply with, on or after the Issue Date, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material in relation to the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement and/or the Issuer's 
and/or the relevant Counterparty's respective obligations thereunder and/or renders 
Citibank, N.A. or any of its Affiliate's ability to act in any capacity currently 
contemplated in respect of the Securities, including but not limited to ownership or 
sponsorship of, or investment in, the Issuer or any issuance of Securities, illegal, 
unenforceable or otherwise prohibited. In determining what is "material", the Calculation 
Agent shall have regard to such circumstances as it determines appropriate. 
(d) 
Redemption upon termination of the Charged Agreements 
If any Charged Agreement is terminated (in whole but not in part) for any reason other than in 
connection with a redemption or purchase of the Securities pursuant to this General Condition 
8 (Redemption and Purchase) (other than this General Condition 8(d) (Redemption upon 
termination of the Charged Agreements)), General Condition 8(f) (Purchases) or General 
Condition 13 (Events of Default), then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice thereof to the 
Trustee and the Redemption Agent (if any) of such termination. Where the Mortgaged Property 
includes Charged Assets, the Redemption Agent shall, subject to the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, as soon as reasonably practicable arrange for and administer the sale of the Charged 
Assets. The Issuer shall at the same time give notice, which notice shall be irrevocable, to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) and to the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Counterparty, and the Credit Support Provider (if 
applicable) that the Securities are to be redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 8(d) 
(Redemption upon termination of the Charged Agreements). As soon as reasonably practicable 
following receipt of the sale proceeds of the Charged Assets and/or any termination payment 
payable to the Issuer upon termination of any Charged Agreement, the Issuer shall (unless 
otherwise agreed by the Trustee) give not less than five nor more than ten Business Days' notice, 
which notice shall be irrevocable, to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
18 (Notices), and to the Trustee, the Counterparty (if any), the Credit Support Provider (if any), 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the rating agencies (if any), of the date on which 
the Securities are to be redeemed. Upon the expiry of such notice the Issuer shall redeem all but 
not some only of the Securities by cash settlement at the Early Redemption Amount, unless the 
Trustee shall certify to the Issuer that it considers in its absolute discretion that it is in the best 
interests of the Securityholders that such notice and redemption be delayed or not given or made, 
as the case may be, or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders shall otherwise direct, 
subject, in the case of Securities of a Series comprising more than one Class of Securities, to 
restrictions contained in the Trust Deed to protect the interests of the holders of the Securities 
of each Class. 
(e) 
Early Redemption following the occurrence of a Counterparty Regulatory Event 
If "Early Redemption for Counterparty Regulatory Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Counterparty 
Regulatory Event occurs, then the Issuer may redeem all or some of the Securities by giving not

--- Page 197 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
171
 
less than 30 Business Days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
18 (Notices) at, in respect of each principal amount of the Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount.   
For the purposes of the above, Counterparty Regulatory Event means a determination by the 
Calculation Agent that, as a result of an enactment of, or supplement or amendment to, or a 
change in, law by a relevant governmental authority or a change in policy or interpretation, 
implementation or application of any relevant laws or regulations, including any accord, 
standard, official communication or recommendation of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision, by any relevant governmental authority or Counterparty (and/or their respective 
Affiliates), in each case, on or after the Trade Date, the Counterparty (and/or, in respect of 
paragraphs (i) and (ii) below, their respective Affiliates): 
(i) 
has become subject to materially less favourable capital adequacy treatment; or 
(ii) 
suffers or will suffer any materially increased costs in connection with the hedging of the 
Securities or costs in maintaining any applicable capital reserves the Counterparty incurs 
with respect to the transactions entered into with the relevant Issuer; or 
(iii) 
would be materially restricted from performing any of its obligations under the 
Securities. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of their respective subsidiaries or Affiliates may at any time purchase 
Securities in the open market or otherwise at any price. Any Securities so purchased may be 
held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
On any such purchase the Charged Agreements (or a proportionate part thereof which 
corresponds to the Securities to be purchased) will be terminated, the Redemption Agent shall, 
if applicable, as soon as reasonably practicable arrange for and administer the sale of the 
Charged Assets (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Securities to be 
redeemed) and the security over the Charged Assets securing the Securities to be purchased will 
be released by the Trustee, subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed and any Charging 
Document, to provide funds for such purchase. In the case of purchase of some only of the 
Securities represented by a definitive Securities certificate, the Registrar shall deliver, mutatis 
mutandis in accordance with General Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title), a Securities 
certificate for the unpurchased balance to the relevant Securityholder. 
The Realisation Amount (after the termination payment (if any) is paid to the 
Counterparty (if any) or is received by the Issuer upon partial termination of the Charged 
Agreement) may be less than the purchase price of the Securities. 
(i) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities 
and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the 
assets received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Trustee in respect of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and, if applicable, the relevant 
Credit Support Document(s) and (ii) in the case of the Securities, the other 
Mortgaged Property (as defined in General Condition 5(a) (Security)) in respect of 
this Series (applied, (a) prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in 
accordance with the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) 
following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the 
provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security 
Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of the 
Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the 
difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by 
such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities

--- Page 198 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
172
 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security 
for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities set out in 
the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the 
Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, and 
each Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully 
aware that: 
(A) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely 
to the assets referred to in paragraph (i) above, as applied in accordance with 
paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (the Relevant Sums), for payments and/or 
deliveries to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities and 
the Charged Agreement (if any); 
(B) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Securities 
and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be limited to the Relevant Sums and 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall have no 
further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the Securities or the Charged 
Agreement (if any), respectively; 
(C) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of Korean 
Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty 
(if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding the Relevant Sums shall be 
automatically extinguished; and 
(D) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able 
to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of the Issuer as a 
consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an Event 
of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) nor entitle the Counterparty (if 
any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the remainder of the Charged 
Agreements. 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the Issuer, any 
Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any Securityholder 
for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
If the applicable Issue Terms does not indicate that the Issuer may purchase Securities, 
the Issuer may not purchase Securities. 
All Securities purchased by the Issuer pursuant to this General Condition 8(f) (Purchases) shall 
be cancelled in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 8(l) (Cancellation).  
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts  
(i) 
For the purpose of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), 
General Conditions 8(b) (Redemption in relation to the ISDA Issuer Collateral and the 
Charged Assets (other than Counterparty Collateral)), 8(c)(i) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons at the option of the Securityholders), 8(c)(ii) (Early Redemption for force 
majeure, act of state, illegality or impossibility), 8(d) (Redemption upon termination of 
the Charged Agreements) and 8(e) (Early Redemption following the occurrence of a 
Counterparty Regulatory Event) and Reference Rate Early Redemption pursuant to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 7, General Condition 13 (Events of Default) and 
subject as provided in the relevant Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant 
Underlyings, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Security will be the 
Realisation Amount or, if an Early Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the lesser of the Early Redemption Amount so specified in the applicable

--- Page 199 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
173
 
Issue Terms and the Realisation Amount in respect of such Security, provided that for 
the purposes of Korean Market Notes, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Security will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms) be the principal 
amount of such Security then outstanding, in each case, applied in accordance with 
General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds). 
If the Securities become redeemable in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events) or General Conditions 8(b) (Redemption 
in relation to the ISDA Issuer Collateral and the Charged Assets (other than 
Counterparty Collateral)), 8(c)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the option of 
the Securityholders), 8(c)(ii) (Early Redemption for force majeure, act of state, 
illegality or impossibility), 8(d) (Redemption upon termination of the Charged 
Agreements) and 8(e) (Early Redemption following the occurrence of a Counterparty 
Regulatory Event) and Reference Rate Early Redemption pursuant to Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 7 or General Condition 8(h) (Early Redemption for an 
ATAD Event) above, upon payment of the Early Redemption Amount or ATAD 
Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, in respect of each Security, the Issuer 
shall have discharged its obligations in respect of such Security and shall have no 
other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Early Redemption 
Amount or ATAD Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, may be less than the 
principal amount and accrued interest in respect of a Security. 
(A) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the 
Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and 
to the extent of the assets received or recovered from time to time by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of (i) the relevant Charged 
Assets and, if applicable, the relevant Credit Support Document(s) and (ii) 
(as defined in General Condition 5(a) (Security)) in respect of this Series 
(applied, (a) prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in 
accordance with the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (b) following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of 
proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms). 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of 
the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive 
(the difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will 
be borne by such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse 
of the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) 
following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with 
the inverse of the order set forth in the provisions of General Condition 5(e) 
(Application of proceeds) and as the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, 
and each Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge 
that it is fully aware that: 
 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look 
solely to the assets referred to in paragraph (A) above, as applied in 
accordance with paragraphs (A) and (B) above (the Relevant Sums), 
for payments and/or deliveries to be made by the Issuer hereunder 
in respect of the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any); 
 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in 
respect of the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be 
limited to the Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and 
the Counterparty (if any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer

--- Page 200 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
174
 
in respect of the Securities or the Charged Agreement (if any), 
respectively; 
 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of 
Korean Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and 
the Counterparty (if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding 
the Relevant Sums shall be automatically extinguished; and 
 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not 
be able to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of 
the Issuer as a consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an Event 
of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default ) nor entitle the Counterparty 
(if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the remainder of the Charged 
Agreements or the Credit Support Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the Issuer, any 
Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any Securityholder 
for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
(ii) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where an Amortised Face Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of Zero Coupon Notes, if the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to this General Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in General Condition 
13 (Events of Default ) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount to be calculated as specified in 
the following definition and the reference therein to the date fixed for the redemption 
shall deem to be the date which is the earlier of:  
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(B) 
the fifth day after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note has been received by the Trustee or Principal 
Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 8(g)(ii) (Late payment on Zero Coupon 
Notes), Amortised Face Amount means either (i) where "Calculation Agent 
Determination of Amortised Face Amount" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the amount determined by the Calculation Agent as payable on the date of Early 
Redemption or (ii) otherwise, an amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price, as specified in the Issue Terms; 
AY means the Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal, as specified in the Issue 
Terms; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in the relevant

--- Page 201 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
175
 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero 
Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) "Actual/365" (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero 
Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iii) "Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)", in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined as set out in the 
definition of "Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" below. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA) means: 
(A) 
where the number of days in the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Zero Coupon Determination Period during which the Zero 
Coupon Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Zero 
Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
where the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is longer than the Zero Coupon 
Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon Calculation Period ends, the 
sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period falling in the 
Zero Coupon Determination Period in which the Zero Coupon Calculation 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
(ii) the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period falling 
in the next Zero Coupon Determination Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period means the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable. 
Zero Coupon Determination Period means each period from (and including) a 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination Date. 
(h) 
Early Redemption for an ATAD Event 
If the Issuer determines or reasonably believes that it is likely that a tax, duty or charge of 
whatsoever nature will become effectively due and payable as a consequence of the 
Luxembourg law implementing ATAD (such event, an ATAD Event), it shall, as soon as is 
practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of such ATAD Event (i) give notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) and to the Trustee, the 
Redemption Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the rating agencies (if any) of 
the occurrence of such ATAD Event and (ii) redeem each outstanding Security by payment of 
an amount equal to its ATAD Early Redemption Amount on the ATAD Early Redemption Date. 
In respect of each Security, the ATAD Early Redemption Amount shall (subject to the payment 
of any ATAD Deduction Surplus) be the only amount payable in respect of such Security and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon.  
As soon as reasonably practicable following receipt of notification of the occurrence of an 
ATAD Event, the Redemption Agent shall, subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed, arrange 
for and administer the sale of the Charged Assets and the Charged Agreements (if any) will be 
terminated. As soon as reasonably practicable following receipt of the sale proceeds of the 
Charged Assets and/or any termination payments payable to the Issuer upon termination of any 
Charged Agreements, the Issuer shall (unless otherwise agreed with the Trustee) give not less 
than five nor more than ten Business Days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with

--- Page 202 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
176
 
General Condition 18 (Notices) and to the Trustee, the Counterparty (if any), the Credit Support 
Provider (if any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the rating agencies (if any) of 
the date upon which the Securities are to be redeemed (the ATAD Early Redemption Date). 
Neither the Issuer nor any other party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as 
to whether any ATAD Event has occurred. No party shall have any obligation to give, nor any 
responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the Issuer that an ATAD Event 
has occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of an ATAD Event shall not automatically mean that 
the provisions of General Condition 8(c)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the option of 
the Securityholders) become applicable. 
Following the occurrence of an ATAD Event, for the purposes of General Condition 5(e) 
(Application of proceeds) and clause 12 (Application of Moneys and Investment by the Trustee) 
of the Trust Deed, any reference to the application of the "Realisation Amount" or "all moneys" 
in accordance with any prescribed order of priority shall refer to the application of any such 
amount less the ATAD Deduction in accordance with such prescribed order of priority. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, any ATAD Deduction Surplus shall be applied 
in accordance with General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and clause 12 (Application 
of Moneys and Investment by the Trustee) of the Trust Deed.  
For these purposes:  
ATAD means the Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against 
tax avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market dated 12 July 
2016 (which was transposed into Luxembourg domestic law by the law of 21 December 2018 
and entered into force on 1 January 2019), as amended by the Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 
of 29 May 2017 (which has been implemented under Luxembourg Law on 20 December 2019 
and entered into force on 1 January 2020, except for the reverse hybrid mismatch rule, which 
entered into force on 1 January 2022). 
ATAD Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Security outstanding on the 
relevant ATAD Early Redemption Date, an amount determined by the Redemption Agent as 
being equal to that Security's pro rata share of: 
(i) 
the Early Redemption Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the amount (or a reasonable estimate of such amount) required to satisfy the taxes, duties 
or charges, as applicable, imposed on the Issuer as a consequence of ATAD (such 
amount, the ATAD Deduction), 
provided that (A) the Issuer shall use the ATAD Deduction to make payment of the taxes, duties 
or charges, as applicable, imposed on it as a consequence of ATAD as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the ATAD Early Redemption Date and (B) if, following payment by the 
Issuer of such taxes, duties or charges, the Issuer determines that the ATAD Deduction exceeds 
the amount actually paid in satisfaction of the applicable taxes, duties or charges (such excess 
being the ATAD Deduction Surplus), an amount shall be payable in respect of each Security 
equal to such Security's pro rata share of the ATAD Deduction Surplus and the Issuer shall pay 
such amount to the Securityholders within 5 Business Days of satisfying its payment obligations 
in respect of such taxes, duties or charges. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may: 
(i) 
having provided evidence to the satisfaction of the Trustee that it has or, following, inter 
alia, the sale of the Charged Assets, termination of the Charged Agreements and payment 
of all costs and expenses incidental thereto, will have, sufficient funds to meet its 
obligations to Securityholders pursuant to this General Condition 8(i) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)));

--- Page 203 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
177
 
(ii) 
before the giving of the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) below, having given not 
less than 30 days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Trustee, the 
Counterparty (if any), the Redemption Agent (if any) and the Credit Support Provider (if 
any); and  
(iii) 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice, or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 18 (Notices), 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the applicable Optional Redemption Date 
fixed for redemption), redeem the Securities, in whole or in part, then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Issue Terms or the relevant Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date, provided that for the purposes of Korean Market Notes, 
each Note being redeemed shall (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms) be 
redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount. Any 
such redemption must be of a principal amount or number not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Securities, the Securities to be redeemed (Redeemed 
Securities) will be selected, as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms, either (A) individually 
by lot, in the case of Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, or in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in the case of Redeemed Securities 
represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date) or (B) 
in accordance with the order of priorities relating to the repayment of principal of the Securities. 
In the case of Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Securities will be published in accordance with General Condition 
18 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate principal 
amount or number of Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities or represented 
by a Global Registered Security Certificate shall, in each case, bear the same proportion to the 
aggregate principal amount of all Redeemed Securities as the aggregate principal amount or 
number of definitive Securities outstanding and Securities outstanding represented by such 
Global Registered Security Certificate, respectively, bears to the aggregate principal amount or 
number of the Securities outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that, if 
necessary, appropriate adjustments shall be made to such principal amounts to ensure that each 
represents an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Registered Security Certificate will be permitted during the period from (and including) 
the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this General 
Condition 8(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and notice to that effect 
shall be given by the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 
(Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
Upon any redemption pursuant to this General Condition 8(i) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), the Redemption Agent (if any) shall, forthwith upon receiving the notice 
referred to in sub-paragraph (ii) above and subject to confirmation from the Trustee in respect 
of sub-paragraph (i) above, arrange and administer the sale of the Charged Assets (or, as 
applicable the relevant proportion thereof), and the Charged Agreements (or a proportionate 
part thereof which corresponds to the Securities to be redeemed) will be terminated. The security 
over the Charged Assets securing the relevant Securities (or part thereof) will be released by the 
Trustee subject to the provisions specified in the Trust Deed to provide funds for such 
redemption. 
(j) 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)  
(i) 
General option 
If Investor Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms upon the holder 
of any Security giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 8(j)(ii)

--- Page 204 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
178
 
(Exercise of put option) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (an Investor Put Notice), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Issue Terms or 
the relevant Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), in any 
multiple of each Specified Denomination, such Security, on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date by payment of the lesser of (A) the Optional Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and (B) the Realisation Amount in respect 
of such Security, subject as provided in General Condition 8(j)(ii) (Exercise of put 
option) and 8(j)(iii) (Consequence of exercise of put option) below, provided that for the 
purposes of Korean Market Notes, such Note shall (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date by 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount. 
Unless Optional Partial Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in order to be effective, any Investor Put Notice must relate to the entire 
outstanding principal amount of Securities of the relevant Series or number of Securities 
of the relevant Series, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In the event that any Investor Put Notice either (i) does not relate to the entire outstanding 
principal amount or number of the Securities, as the case may (unless Optional Partial 
Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem some Securities only) and/or (ii) is given on or after the date on which 
the Issuer has given a notice that it will call the Securities pursuant to Condition 8(i) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), then such Investor Put Notice 
shall be deemed to be null and void. 
As more fully described in General Condition 8(j)(iii) (Consequence of exercise of 
put option) below, the Issuer shall only make payments in respect of any Security 
being redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 8(j) (Redemption at the option 
of the Securityholders (Investor Put) to the extent of sums received in respect of the 
relevant Mortgaged Property (and applied in accordance with the provisions of 
General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if 
applicable)) and, other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, the redeeming 
Securityholder shall have no claims for any further amounts in respect of any 
shortfall (as defined in General Condition 8(j)(iii) (Consequence of exercise of put 
option) below) and, other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall 
shall constitute an Event of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
(ii) 
Exercise of put option 
If the Security is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Security, the holder of 
such Security must deliver such Security at the specified office of any Paying Agent, any 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent, such Transfer Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, falling within the notice 
period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent, any 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar and in which the holder must specify a bank account to 
which payment is to be made under General Condition 8(j) (Redemption at the option of 
the Securityholders (Investor Put) and the principal amount or number thereof to be 
redeemed and, if less than the full principal amount or number of the Security so 
delivered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Security in respect of the balance 
of such Security is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General 
Conditions 2 (Form, Denomination and Title) and 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of 
Securities).  
If the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate or is in 
definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to exercise the 
right to require redemption of this Security the holder of the Security must, within the

--- Page 205 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
179
 
notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may 
be, of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his or her 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for 
them to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
(iii) 
Consequence of exercise of put option 
Upon receipt of any notice pursuant to this General Condition 8(j) (Redemption at the 
option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)), the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event 
within three Business Days, give notice of such optional redemption to the Trustee, the 
Redemption Agent (if any), the Counterparty (if any) and the Credit Support Provider (if 
any). The Redemption Agent shall, if applicable, as soon as reasonably practicable 
arrange for and administer the sale of the Charged Assets (or a proportionate part thereof 
which corresponds to the Securities to be redeemed). 
Upon any redemption pursuant to this General Condition 8(j) (Redemption at the option 
of the Securityholders (Investor Put)), the Charged Agreements (or a proportionate part 
thereof which corresponds to the Securities to be redeemed) will be terminated and the 
security over the Charged Assets securing the relevant Securities will be released by the 
Trustee subject to the provisions specified in the Trust Deed, to provide funds for such 
redemption. 
The amount falling due on redemption of any Security redeemed pursuant to paragraph 
(i) above shall be subject to deduction for any costs or expenses (including taxes and 
other charges) which the Issuer may incur or which may be made against it as a result of 
or in connection with the redemption of such Security, including any costs or expenses 
payable by the Issuer in connection with the delivery or sale of the Charged Assets (or 
part thereof) and the termination of the Charged Agreements (if any) (or part thereof). 
(A) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the 
Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and 
to the extent of the assets received or recovered from time to time by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of (i) the relevant Charged 
Assets and, if applicable, the relevant Credit Support Document(s) and (ii) 
in the case of the Securities, the other Mortgaged Property (as defined in 
General Condition 5(a) (Security)) in respect of this Series (applied, (a) prior 
to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the order 
of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the 
provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the 
Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of 
the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive 
(the difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will 
be borne by such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse 
of the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) 
following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with 
the inverse of the order of priorities set out in the provisions of General 
Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the Security Ranking Basis 
(if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, 
and each Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge 
that it is fully aware that:

--- Page 206 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
180
 
 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look 
solely to the assets referred to in paragraph (f)(i)above, as applied in 
accordance with paragraphs (f)(i) and (f)(ii) above (the Relevant 
Sums), for payments and/or deliveries to be made by the Issuer 
hereunder in respect of the Securities and the Charged Agreement 
(if any); 
 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in 
respect of the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be 
limited to the Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and 
the Counterparty (if any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer 
in respect of the Securities or the Charged Agreement (if any), 
respectively; 
 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of 
Korean Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and 
the Counterparty (if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding 
the Relevant Sums shall be automatically extinguished; and 
 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not 
be able to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of 
the Issuer as a consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an Event 
of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) nor entitle the Counterparty (if 
any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the remainder of the Charged 
Agreements. 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the Issuer, any 
Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any Securityholder 
for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
(k) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition, each 
Security which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms whereupon: 
(i) 
the outstanding principal amount of such Security shall be reduced by the Instalment 
Amount for all purposes; and 
(ii) 
where IA Adjusted Calculation Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of the Securities: 
(A) 
each reference to Calculation Amount used to determine any Interest Amount, 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount, Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, payable in respect of such Security 
pursuant to the Conditions shall be deemed to be replaced with the IA Adjusted 
Calculation Amount; and 
(B) 
notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, if the Calculation Amount is 
used to determine any Interest Amount, Non-Contingent Interest Amount, 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, that is payable on a date corresponding to an Instalment Date on which an 
Instalment Amount is payable, then (i) such Instalment Amount shall be deemed 
to have been paid immediately prior to the payment of such Interest Amount, 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount, Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be and (ii) each reference to Calculation

--- Page 207 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
181
 
Amount used to determine such Interest Amount, Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount, Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, payable in respect of such Security pursuant to the Conditions shall 
be deemed to be replaced with the IA Adjusted Calculation Amount immediately 
thereafter. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 8(j)(iii), IA Adjusted Calculation Amount means, 
at any time, the Calculation Amount as at the Issue Date less the aggregate of each Instalment 
Amount paid in respect of the Securities prior to such time. 
On each such Instalment Date the Charged Agreements (or a proportionate part thereof which 
corresponds to the relevant Instalment Amount) will be terminated and the security over a 
proportionate part of the Charged Assets will be released by the Trustee, subject to the 
provisions specified in the Trust Deed, to provide funds for such redemption. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be surrendered for cancellation, if 
the Securities are Registered Securities, by surrendering the Security representing such 
Securities to the Registrar and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Securities redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith. Any Securities surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Securities shall be 
discharged.  
(m) 
Payments only to the extent of funds available therefor 
(i) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Securities and the 
Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the assets 
received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee 
in respect of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and, if applicable, the relevant Credit 
Support Document(s) and (ii) in the case of the Securities, the other Mortgaged 
Property (as defined in General Condition 5(a) (Security)) (applied, (a) prior to 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the order of 
priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 
5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(ii) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of the 
Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the 
difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by 
such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security 
for the Security, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities set out in 
the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the 
Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, and 
each Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully 
aware that: 
(A) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely 
to the assets referred to in paragraph (i) above, as applied in accordance with 
paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (the Relevant Sums), for payments and/or 
deliveries to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities and 
the Charged Agreement (if any); 
(B) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in respect of 
the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be limited to the

--- Page 208 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
182
 
Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if 
any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the Securities 
or the Charged Agreement (if any), respectively; 
(C) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of 
Korean Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and the 
Counterparty (if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding the Relevant 
Sums shall be automatically extinguished; and 
(D) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able 
to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer as a 
consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an Event 
of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) nor entitle the Counterparty (if 
any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the remainder of the Charged 
Agreements or the Credit Support Document(s).  
9. 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates 
This General Condition 9 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates) is only applicable where 
the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Type of Security is Certificates. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether the Certificates are European style Certificates 
(European Style Certificates) or multiple exercise Certificates (Multiple Exercise 
Certificates) or such other type (including, without limitation, a combination thereof) as may 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and whether automatic exercise (Automatic 
Exercise) applies to the Certificates. If Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Certificates must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise 
Certificates in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(a) 
European Style Certificates 
In respect of European Style Certificates, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any European Style Certificate with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 9 (Exercise Rights in 
respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, on the Exercise Date (the 
Actual Exercise Date), shall become void. If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any such European Style Certificate with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 9 (Exercise Rights in 
respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time on the Actual Exercise Date 
and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", shall be 
automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of General Condition 
9(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. Any such Certificate shall otherwise expire worthless. 
(b) 
Multiple Exercise Certificates 
In respect of Multiple Exercise Certificates, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out 
in this General Condition 9 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg time on one or more Exercise Dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each 
an Actual Exercise Date), neither the Issuer nor the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) shall have 
any obligations in respect of such Certificate in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. If 
Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 9 (Exercise Rights in 
respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time on an Actual Exercise Date 
and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", such Certificate 
shall be automatically exercised on such Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of General

--- Page 209 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
183
 
Condition 9(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. The Securityholders rights in respect of any 
such Certificate shall otherwise expire worthless in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. 
(c) 
Exercise Notice 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, Certificates 
may only be exercised following the delivery, or the sending by tested telex (confirmed in 
writing), of a duly completed exercise notice (an Exercise Notice) in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Relevant Clearing System 
and the Certificate Agent during normal office hours) to the Relevant Clearing System, with a 
copy to the Certificate Agent. 
The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and shall: 
(i) 
specify the Series number of the Certificates and the number of Certificates the subject 
of the Exercise Notice and, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of Units the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Securityholder's account at the Relevant Clearing System, to 
be credited with any relevant amounts due to the Securityholder in respect of each 
Certificate or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(iii) 
include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses and an authority to the Relevant 
Clearing System, to deduct or convert (if applicable) an amount in respect thereof from 
any amounts due to such Securityholder in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, and/or 
to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at the Relevant Clearing System, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses; 
(iv) 
certify, that the Securityholder and the beneficial owner of each Certificate or Unit, as 
the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Exercise Notice) or as otherwise defined in the applicable Issue Terms and, where 
appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling 
restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United States of 
America as indicated and set out in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(v) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(d) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Relevant Clearing System shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the Securityholder of the Certificates referred to therein 
according to the books of Relevant Clearing System. Subject thereto, the Relevant Clearing 
System will confirm to the Certificate Agent the Series number and the number of Certificates 
the subject of the Exercise Notice and, if applicable, the account details for the payment of 
amounts payable in respect of the Certificates. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Certificate 
Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. The Relevant Clearing System will on or before the 
Settlement Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms (Settlement Date) (or in the case of 
Multiple Exercise Certificates, the final Settlement Date) or any other date specified in the 
relevant Exercise Notice, as the case may be, debit the account of the relevant Securityholder 
with the Certificates the subject of the Exercise Notice. 
(e) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall 
be made by the Relevant Clearing System, in consultation with the Certificate Agent, and shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), the Counterparty 
(if any), the Trustee, the Certificate Agent and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out 
below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is 
not copied to the Certificate Agent immediately after being delivered or sent to the Relevant 
Clearing System shall be null and void.

--- Page 210 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
184
 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Certificate Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Relevant Clearing System and 
copied to the Certificate Agent. 
In respect of an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any Certificate (other than Multiple Exercise Certificates) with respect 
to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out 
above by the cut-off time specified shall become void. In the case of Multiple Exercise 
Certificates and an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been duly completed in the manner set 
out above by the cut-off time specified, the Issuer shall have no obligation in respect of such 
Certificate in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. 
(f) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of an Actual Exercise Date shall constitute an 
irrevocable election by the relevant Securityholder to exercise the Certificates specified on such 
Actual Exercise Date.  
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than in relation to Multiple Exercise Certificates), 
the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Certificates the subject of such Exercise Notice. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of Multiple Exercise Certificates in relation 
to an Actual Exercise Date (other than the final Actual Exercise Date) such exercising 
Securityholder may not transfer such Certificate until after the Settlement Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date. After delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of Multiple Exercise 
Certificates in relation to the final Actual Exercise Date, such exercising Securityholder may 
not transfer such Certificates. 
(g) 
Automatic Exercise 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and the Certificates 
are automatically exercised as provided in this General Condition 9 (Exercise Rights in respect 
of Certificates) then the delivery of an Exercise Notice shall not be required (save, except for 
Securities admitted to trading on the SeDeX or EuroTLX, where the Issuer notifies the 
Securityholders to the contrary) and the Certificates shall be terminated in accordance with the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Schedule. 
(h) 
Relevant Clearing System times and requirements 
All references herein to Luxembourg time and each of the procedures described herein are 
subject to any other relevant times and procedures as may be required by the Relevant Clearing 
System.  
(i) 
Defined terms 
As used above: 
Exercise Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exercise Expenses means, in relation to a Certificate, all taxes and/or expenses including any 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines 
may be or would be, or would have been incurred in connection with the exercise and/or 
termination of the Certificates and/or any payment and/or delivery in respect thereof. 
In-the-Money means the Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Actual Exercise Date 
is greater than zero; as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 211 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
185
 
10. 
Payments  
(a) 
Registered Securities 
(i) 
Payments of principal or termination amounts (which for the purposes of this General 
Condition 10(a)(i) shall include final Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment 
Amounts) in respect of Registered Securities (whether or not in global form) will be 
made, where applicable, against presentation and surrender of the relevant Security at 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Payments of interest (which for the purposes of this General Condition 10(a)(ii) shall 
include all Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) and payment of all 
Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts on Registered Securities will 
be paid to the person shown on the Register (A) where such Securities are in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose, a day on which the Relevant 
Clearing System is open for business) before the due date for payment thereof, and (B) 
where such Securities are in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
before the due date for payment thereof (the Record Date). Such payments will be made 
by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant currency designated by the holder with 
a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency or, if the currency 
is Euro, into a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or 
transferred) notified to the Registrar by such holder. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 11 (Taxation). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Securities in respect of such 
payments. 
The holder of a Global Registered Security Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate 
and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Registered Security Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in 
the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the beneficial holder of a particular principal 
amount or number of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate must 
look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Registered Security Certificate. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
As applicable, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, each Transfer Agent, the Custodian, the 
Redemption Agent, the Agent Bank, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent, the 
Certificate Agent, and their respective specified offices, are each listed below or in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Each Paying Agent, the Registrar, each Transfer Agent, the Custodian, 
the Redemption Agent, the Agent Bank, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or the 
Certificate Agent act solely as agents or, as the case may be, registrars of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer, with 
prior approval of the Trustee, reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Principal Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Determination Agent, the Certificate Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the Custodian, 
the Redemption Agent or the Agent Bank and to appoint additional or other agents (any of which 
may be the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer) PROVIDED THAT the Issuer will at all times 
maintain: 
(i) 
a Principal Paying Agent; 
(ii) 
at any time at which any Registered Security is outstanding, a Registrar;

--- Page 212 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
186
 
(iii) 
at any time at which any Registered Security is outstanding, a Transfer Agent in relation 
thereto; 
(iv) 
a Custodian (if applicable) and such Custodian shall, where the Issuer is Ensemble acting 
in respect of one of its Compartments, for so long as required by the Securitisation Act 
2004, be a credit institution established or having its registered office in Luxembourg; 
(v) 
a Redemption Agent (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(vi) 
an Agent Bank (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(vii) 
a Calculation Agent and/or a Determination Agent where the Conditions so require one; 
(viii) a Certificate Agent where the Conditions so require one; and 
(ix) 
such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Securities may be listed. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect, with the prior approval 
of the Trustee (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices). 
(d) 
Payment Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Security is not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, Payment Day means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(B) 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Business Day Jurisdictions" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, if "Business Day Jurisdiction" is specified to be or 
include "T2" or "T2 Business Day", Payment Day shall also be a T2 Business 
Day; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
Euro, a T2 Business Day. 
(e) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention (a Business Day Convention) and 
(x) such day would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar months in which such date should occur, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) the Floating Rate 
Convention, (1) in the case of (x) above such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) above shall apply mutatis

--- Page 213 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
187
 
mutandis, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
11. 
Taxation 
Each Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or 
local taxes or other like assessment or charges that may be applicable to any transfer or payment 
in respect of the Securities.  
If (i) the Issuer would be required by law to withhold or account for tax in relation to payments 
on the Securities or (ii) the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) would be unable for reasons outside 
its control to procure payment by the Issuer, and in making payment itself would be required by 
law to withhold or account for tax, then the Issuer or the Issuer Credit Enhancer, as the case may 
be, will deduct an amount representing such taxes from payments in respect of the Securities 
and the provisions of General Condition 8(c)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the option 
of the Securityholders) shall apply. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal or termination amounts) or five years 
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
Relevant Date means the date on which payment of principal and interest first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee 
or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Securtityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices). 
13. 
Events of Default  
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by: 
(i) 
the holders of at least one-fifth in aggregate principal amount or number (as the case may 
be) of:  
(A) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising only one Class of Securities, the 
Securities then outstanding;  
(B) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of Securities 
where the Securities of one or more Classes rank above the Securities of another 
or other Classes, the most senior ranking Class of Securities then outstanding; or  
(C) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of Securities 
where the Securities of each Class rank pari passu, of each Class of Securities; or  
(ii) 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of:  
(A) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising only one Class of Securities, the 
Securityholders; 
(B) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of Securities 
where the Securities of one or more Classes rank above the Securities of another 
or other Classes, the Securityholders of the most senior ranking Class of 
Securities then outstanding; or

--- Page 214 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
188
 
(C) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of Securities 
where the Securities of each Class rank pari passu, the Securityholders of each 
Class of Securities, 
the Trustee shall (subject in any such case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction) give notice to the Issuer that the Securities are, and they shall accordingly 
immediately become, due and repayable at the Early Redemption Amount and the security 
constituted by the Trust Deed and/or the Charging Document (as the case may be) shall become 
enforceable (as provided in the Trust Deed and/or the Charging Document (as the case may be)) 
and the proceeds of realisation of such security shall be applied as specified in General 
Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) if any of the following events shall occur and be 
continuing (each an Event of Default): 
(a) 
in the case of a Series comprising only one Class of Securities or in the case of a Series 
of Securities comprising more than one Class of Securities where the Securities of each 
Class rank pari passu, if default is made in the payment of any principal amount or 
interest due or default in the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of the Securities or 
any of them or in the Securities or any of them of any Class, as the case may be, and in 
either case the default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Series comprising more than one Class of Securities where the Securities 
of one or more Classes rank above the Securities of another or other Classes, if default 
is made in the payment of any principal amount or interest due or default in the delivery 
of any Entitlement in respect of the Securities of the most senior ranking Class of 
Securities then outstanding and the default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(c) 
if any application or order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for 
the bankruptcy, liquidation, winding up, administration, dissolution or other similar 
proceeding of the Issuer, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) or the Credit Support 
Provider (if any), as the case may be, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangements on terms approved in 
advance by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of Securityholders or of the 
Securityholders for each Class in the case of a Series of Securities comprising only one 
Class of Securities or, as the case may be, of a Series or Securities comprising more than 
one Class or Securities where the Securities of each Class rank pari passu, or, by the 
Securityholders of the most senior ranking Class of Securities then outstanding in the 
case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of Securities where the 
Securities of one or more Classes rank above the Securities of another or other Classes 
or any person so entitled applies to the court for the administration of the Issuer, the 
Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) or files notice with 
the court of its intention to appoint an administrator in respect of the Issuer, the Issuer 
Credit Enhancer (if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any); or 
(d) 
if the Issuer, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) 
as the case may be, fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Securities, the Securities Guarantee (if any) the Trust Deed and/or the Charging 
Document (as the case may be) (the breach of which obligation the Trustee shall have 
certified to be in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders) 
and such failure continues for a period of 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee 
may permit) next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer, the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer or the Credit Support Provider, as the case may be, (with a copy to the Issuer, 
in the case of service on the Issuer Credit Enhancer or the Credit Support Provider) of 
notice requiring the same to be remedied. 
14. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Securities or any of them shall have become due and repayable and have 
not been repaid, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer and/or the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) and/or the Credit Support Provider 
(if any) as it may think fit to enforce repayment thereof together with accrued interest (if any) 
and to enforce the provisions of the Securities, the Securities Guarantee, the Trust Deed, the

--- Page 215 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
189
 
Charging Document and/or any other Transaction Document (as the case may be), but it shall 
not be bound to institute any such proceedings unless: 
(i) 
it shall have been: 
(A) 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of:  
(1) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising only one Class of 
Securities, the Securityholders; 
(2) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of 
Securities where the Securities of one or more Classes rank above the 
Securities of another or other Classes, the Securityholders of the most 
senior ranking Class of Securities then outstanding; or 
(3) 
 in the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of 
Securities where the Securities of each Class rank pari passu, the 
Securityholders of each Class of Securities; or 
(B) 
so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in aggregate principal 
amount or number (as the case may be) of: 
(1) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising only one Class of 
Securities, the Securities then outstanding; 
(2) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of 
Securities where the Securities of one or more Classes rank above the 
Securities of another or other Classes, the most senior ranking Class of 
Securities then outstanding; or  
(3) 
in the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than one Class of 
Securities where the Securities of each Class rank pari passu, or each Class 
of Securities; or 
(C) 
so directed in writing by the Counterparty (if any), and 
(ii) 
it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
provided that (i) where the Primary Basis is the applicable Security Ranking Basis, the Trustee 
shall not act on the directions of the Counterparty to the extent that such directions conflict with 
any such request or directions of the Securityholders or, in the opinion of the Trustee, would be 
prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders, (ii) where the Pari Passu Basis is the 
applicable Security Ranking Basis, the Trustee shall not act on the directions of the Counterparty 
to the extent that such directions conflict with any such request or directions of the 
Securityholders and (iii) where the Secondary Basis is the applicable Security Ranking Basis, 
the Trustee shall not act on the request or directions of the Securityholders to the extent that 
such request or directions conflict with any such directions of the Counterparty. 
On an application for the appointment of an administrator in respect of the Issuer or the giving 
of notice of intention of appointment of an administrator in respect of the Issuer, the Floating 
Charge Holder may at its discretion and shall, if directed in writing by a Trustee (subject to 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), appoint an 
Administrative Receiver (as defined in Section 29(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986) to the Issuer 
and/or take such other action as may be required to enforce the Floating Charge, in each case, 
in accordance with the terms of the Master Trust Deed. The Issuer waives any claims against 
the Floating Charge Holder in respect of any appointment of an Administrative Receiver made 
pursuant to Master Trust Deed. 
The Trustee and the Floating Charge Holder (as applicable) may refrain from taking any action 
in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that jurisdiction would, in its opinion based 
upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to any law of that jurisdiction. 
Furthermore, the Trustee and the Floating Charge Holder (as applicable) may also refrain from

--- Page 216 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
190
 
taking such action if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, 
in its opinion based upon such legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing 
in that jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by 
any court or other competent authority in that jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
Neither any Securityholder nor the Counterparty (if any) shall be entitled to:  
(A) 
take any steps or action against the Issuer and/or the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) 
and/or Credit Support Provider (if any); or  
(B) 
take any other proceedings (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) in respect 
of or concerning the Issuer and/or the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) and/or the relevant 
Credit Support Provider (if any), in each case unless the Trustee and the Floating Charge 
Holder (as applicable), having become bound so to proceed, (1) fails, (2) is unable by 
reason of an order of a court having competent jurisdiction, or (3) otherwise notifies the 
Securityholders that it is unable so to do, in each case, within a reasonable period and 
such failure or inability shall be continuing. Except as aforesaid, only the Trustee and the 
Floating Charge Holder (as applicable) may enforce the rights of the Securityholders, the 
Counterparty (if any), the Agent Bank (if any), the Calculation Agent (if any), the 
Redemption Agent (if any), the Custodian (if any) or any Paying Agent. 
After realising the security which has become enforceable and distributing the net proceeds in 
accordance with General Condition 5 (Security), the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the 
Trustee, the Counterparty (if any), the Registrar, any Paying Agent, the Custodian (if any), the 
Agent Bank (if any), the Transfer Agent (if any), the Calculation Agent and/or the 
Determination Agent (if any), the Certificate Agent (if any), the Redemption Agent (if any), the 
Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) and any Securityholder, under any Charged Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement and the Securities Guarantee (if any) shall be satisfied and none of the 
foregoing parties may take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums in 
respect thereof and, other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, the right to receive any such 
sums shall be extinguished. Claims against the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) or Credit Support 
Provider (if any) will not be subject to any such limitation as aforesaid. 
None of the Floating Charge Holder and the Trustee (as applicable), the Counterparty (if any), 
the Registrar, any Paying Agent, the Custodian (if any), the Agent Bank (if any), the Transfer 
Agent (if any), any Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent (if any), the Certificate 
Agent (if any), the Redemption Agent (if any), the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), the Credit 
Support Provider (if any) and any Securityholder shall be entitled in respect thereof to petition 
or to take any other steps for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer nor shall 
any of them have any claim in respect of the Securities or any other Series or any other Tranche 
unless so provided in the Issue Terms relating to any such other Series or Tranche. Claims 
against the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) will not be subject to any such limitation as aforesaid. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Securities are of a Series 
comprising more than one Class of Securities and are of a Class ranking junior in point of 
priority to any other Class of Securities within such Series, then, notwithstanding the foregoing 
paragraph, none of the Securityholders of such Class and none of the Counterparty (if any), the 
Registrar, the Agent Bank (if any), the Transfer Agent (if any), the Calculation Agent and/or the 
Determination Agent (if any), the Certificate Agent (if any), the Redemption Agent (if any), the 
Custodian (if any), the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) or any Paying Agent shall be entitled to 
take any steps against the Issuer to recover any sums in respect of the obligations of the Issuer 
in relation to such Class owing to such party (including petitioning or taking any other steps for 
bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of the Issuer) unless and until the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the Trustee, the Securityholders of any senior Class or Classes of Securities of such 
Series, the Counterparty (if any), the Registrar, the Agent Bank (if any), the Transfer Agent (if 
any), the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent (if any), the Certificate Agent (if 
any), the Redemption Agent (if any), the Custodian (if any), the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) 
or any Paying Agent in relation to the senior ranking Class or Classes of Securities of such 
Series shall have been paid in full. 
(A) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect of the Securities

--- Page 217 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
191
 
and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the 
assets received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Trustee or the Floating Charge Holder (as applicable) in respect of (i) the relevant 
Charged Assets and, if applicable, the relevant Credit Support Document(s) and (ii) 
in the case of the Securities, the other Mortgaged Property (as defined in General 
Condition 5(a) (Security)) (applied, (a) prior to enforcement of the security for the 
Securities, in accordance with the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) 
and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms). 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of the 
Securities and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the 
difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by 
such holders and by the Counterparty (if any) (a) prior to enforcement of the 
security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) following enforcement of the security 
for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse of the order of priorities set out in 
the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and as the 
Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, and 
each Counterparty (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully 
aware that: 
(1) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look 
solely to the assets referred to in paragraph (i) above, as applied in 
accordance with paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (the Relevant Sums), for 
payments and/or deliveries to be made by the Issuer hereunder in respect 
of the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any); 
(2) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments and/or deliveries in respect 
of the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if any) will be limited to 
the Relevant Sums and the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty 
(if any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the 
Securities or the Charged Agreement (if any), respectively; 
(3) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of Korean 
Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and the 
Counterparty (if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding the 
Relevant Sums shall be automatically extinguished; and 
(4) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be 
able to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of the 
Issuer as a consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the Issuer Credit 
Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an Event 
of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) nor entitle the Counterparty (if 
any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the remainder of the Charged 
Agreements or the Credit Support Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the Issuer, any 
Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any Securityholder 
for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the Issuer in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 218 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
192
 
15. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, Substitution, Determinations and 
Rounding 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Securityholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Securities or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Charging 
Document (if any), subject in the case of Securities of a Series comprising more than one Class 
of Securities where the Securities of one or more Classes rank above the Securities of another 
or other Classes, to restrictions contained in the Master Trust Deed to protect the interests of 
holders of the Securities of each Class. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount or number (as the case may be) of the Securities 
of the relevant Series (where the Securities are of a Series comprising only one Class or where 
the Securities are of a Series comprising more than one Class and the Securities of each Class 
rank pari passu and the Trustee has consented to a single meeting of the holders of each Class) 
or Class (in any other case), as the case may be, for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Securityholders whatever the 
principal amount or number of the Securities so held or represented. Subject as provided below 
in respect of Securities of a Series comprising more than one Class of Securities, the Trust Deed 
provides that (A) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Securityholders of the relevant Class 
or Series duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of 
not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (B) a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. in principal amount or number (as the 
case may be) of the Securities of the relevant Class or Series or (C) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in principal amount or number (as 
the case may be) of the Securities of the relevant Class or Series, shall, in each case, be effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by 
the Securityholders will be binding on all Securityholders, whether or not they are present at 
any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution. 
Save as otherwise provided in the Trust Deed, in the case of Securities of a Series comprising 
more than one Class of Securities where the Securities of each Class rank pari passu, an 
Extraordinary Resolution will only be valid and take effect if passed at separate meetings of the 
holders of the Securities of each Class, subject as provided in the next sentence. The Trustee 
may however, where it is of the opinion that there is no conflict between the interests of the 
holders of the Securities of any Class (which Securities comprise a single Series and the 
Securities of each Class rank pari passu), permit an Extraordinary Resolution to be valid and 
take effect if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Securities of each Class comprising 
the same Series. 
Where the Securities are of a Series comprising more than one Class of Securities where the 
Securities of one or more Classes rank above the Securities of another or other Classes, an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of the most senior ranking Class 
of Securities shall be binding on all holders of Securities ranking junior to the Securities of such 
Class irrespective of the effect upon them, except that an Extraordinary Resolution to sanction 
a modification of the date of maturity of the Securities or which would have the effect of 
postponing any day for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or any rate of interest payable in respect of the Securities, altering the currency of 
payment of any Securities or altering the quorum or majority required in relation to this 
exception shall not take effect unless it shall have been sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of each Class of Securities ranking junior to such Class or it shall not, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, be materially prejudicial to the interests of all such Securityholders. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of holders of any Class of Securities ranking 
junior to one or more Class of Securities shall not be effective for any purpose (other than a 
sanctioning Extraordinary Resolution of junior ranking Class referred to in the immediately 
preceding paragraph) while any of the more senior ranking Class or Classes of Securities 
remains outstanding unless either:

--- Page 219 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
193
 
(i) 
the Trustee is of the opinion that it would not be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Securityholders of each of the more senior ranking Class of Securities; or 
(ii) 
it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders of each of the more 
senior ranking Class of Securities. 
(b) 
Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(i) 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders (but subject, in the 
case of Securities that are rated by a rating agency, to prior notification by the Issuer to 
such rating agency and confirmation therefrom as to there being no adverse change to 
the credit rating granted by such rating agency), to (A) any modification of, or to any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the 
Securities, the Trust Deed and/or the Charging Document (if any) or, in the case of 
modification, the Agency Agreement, the Charged Agreements, the Credit Support 
Document (if any), the Custodial Services Agreement, the Collateral Services Agreement 
and/or the Securities Guarantee (if any) which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders (including, in the case of 
Securities of a Series comprising more than one Class of Securities, the holders of each 
Class of Securities), provided however that no such modification shall be effective 
without the consent of the Counterparty (if any) (such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed) or (B) any modification to any of the same which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. 
Subject as provided in the Master Trust Deed and whether or not following any 
withholding for or on account of tax being, or likely to be, imposed on payments under 
any Charged Agreement, the Trustee, if it is satisfied that so to do would not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders (including, in the case of Securities of 
a Series comprising more than one Class of Securities, the holders of each Class of 
Securities), may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders (but subject to prior 
notification to, and confirmation from, any relevant rating agency as aforesaid), to the 
substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the 
Trust Deed and the Securities. No such substitution shall be effective without the consent 
of the Counterparty (if any), the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) and the Credit Support 
Provider (if any) (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 15 (Meetings of Securityholders, 
Modification, Waiver, Substitution, Determinations and Rounding) and (where the Issuer 
is Ensemble acting in respect of one of its Compartments) article 1275 of the 
Luxembourg civil code, the Securityholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring 
the Securities (as applicable), are expressly deemed: (1) to have consented to any 
substitution of the Issuer effected in accordance with this General Condition 15 
(Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, Substitution, Determinations and 
Rounding) and to the release of the Issuer from any and all obligations in respect of the 
Securities and the Trust Deed; and (2) to have accepted such substitution and the 
consequences thereof, but provided always that the exercise by the Trustee of its powers 
under this General Condition 15 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, 
Substitution, Determinations and Rounding) shall remain at its absolute discretion in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.  
In connection with any exercise of its trusts, powers, authorities or discretions, the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Securityholders (or the holders 
of the Securities of the relevant one or more Classes affected thereby) as a class but shall 
not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Securityholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall 
not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident 
in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory 
or political sub-division thereof. In connection with any such exercise, no person shall 
be entitled to claim, whether from the Issuer, any substitute Issuer, the Counterparty (if 
any), the Credit Support Provider (if any), the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), the Trustee

--- Page 220 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
194
 
or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence 
of any such exercise upon any person. If, in considering the interests of the 
Securityholders of more than one Class, there is, in the opinion of the Trustee, a conflict 
between the interests of the Securityholders of one or more Classes and the 
Securityholders of another or other Class(es), the Trustee shall not exercise such trust, 
power, authority or discretion (and shall not be liable for any losses incurred thereby); 
provided that the Trustee may exercise such trust, power, authority or discretion if it is 
satisfied that to do so will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Securityholders of any Class that will be affected thereby. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or substitution shall be binding on all 
Securityholders and any such modification or substitution shall be notified to the 
Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable thereafter unless, in the case of a modification, the Trustee agrees 
otherwise. 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions limiting the powers of the holders of any 
Class of Securities ranking junior in point of priority to the holders of any other Class or 
Classes of Securities, of the same Series inter alia, to request or direct the Trustee to take 
any action or, as described above, to pass an effective Extraordinary Resolution 
according to the effect thereof on the interests of the holders of the more senior ranking 
Class or Classes of Securities of such Series. Except in certain circumstances, the Trust 
Deed contains no such limitation on the powers of the holders of such senior ranking 
Class or Classes of Securities in respect of the holders of any junior ranking Class or 
Classes of Securities of the same Series to request or direct the Trustee to take any action 
or to pass an effective Extraordinary Resolution, and any such action or Extraordinary 
Resolution will be binding on the holders of any junior ranking Class or Classes of 
Securities of such Series, irrespective of the effect thereof on their interests. 
The Master Trust Deed provides that, unless the Floating Charge Holder otherwise 
consents, the Trustee shall not execute a Supplemental Trust Deed and/or a supplemental 
Agency Agreement, to effect any modification, waiver or substitution which would (x) 
adversely affect the rights of the Floating Charge Holder, (y) expose the Floating Charge 
Holder to a liability (other than a fee, cost, charge or expense for which it has or will 
have been compensated), or (z) place an onerous obligation on it which is greater than 
that imposed by the General Conditions and the Master Trust Deed.  
(ii) 
In respect of the Securities, any Counterparty may, for the purposes of causing the 
transactions contemplated under the Charged Agreement(s) and/or any other agreements 
or deeds entered into in relation to the Securities (the Transaction Documents) to 
comply or to continue to comply with, or to take into account, any relevant Regulatory 
Consequences or the occurrence of a Sanctions Event, including taking steps to ensure 
that each of the Issuer and any other party to a Transaction Document would not be 
prevented from entering into a Charged Agreement or any other trading agreement in 
connection with the Securities or any other Series of Securities whether now or in the 
future, direct the Issuer to make amendment(s) to the Transaction Documents (each a 
Regulatory/Sanctions Amendment), at any time, at such Counterparty's own expense 
and without the need for the consent of any other party to such Transaction Documents 
(each such party being a Regulatory/Sanctions Amendment Counterparty), provided 
that: 
(A) 
such amendment(s) will not materially alter the economic substance of the 
scheduled payments under the transactions constituted by the Transaction 
Documents when considered as a whole; 
(B) 
such amendment(s) will not require any Regulatory/Sanctions Amendment 
Counterparty to withhold or deduct on account of any Tax (as defined in the form 
of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement (ISDA Master Agreement) as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA)) under a 
Transaction Document;

--- Page 221 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
195
 
(C) 
such amendment(s) will not require any Regulatory/Sanctions Amendment 
Counterparty to withhold or deduct on account of any Tax (as defined in the form 
of an GMSLA Master Agreement) under a Transaction Document;  
(D) 
a Termination Event or an Event of Default (each as defined in the ISDA Master 
Agreement or the GMSLA Master Agreement, as the case may be) or any 
equivalent event howsoever defined under any Transaction Document entitling 
the early termination of such Transaction Document will not occur under any 
Transaction Document as a result of such amendment(s);  
(E) 
no additional material amount will be payable by the Issuer to the Counterparty 
as a result of such amendment(s); and 
(F) 
such amendments will not affect the operation of the limited recourse and non-
petition provisions set out in clause 10.3 of the Trust Deed or similar provisions 
in the Transaction Documents. 
Provided the Issuer or the relevant Counterparty (as applicable) shall deliver to the 
Trustee and, as applicable, the Issuer or the relevant Counterparty a certificate signed by 
any Director (or other officer acceptable to such Trustee) of the Issuer or two Directors 
of any Counterparty to the effect that the criteria set out in paragraphs (A) to (F) above 
are satisfied, no consent shall be required from any Regulatory/Sanctions Amendment 
Counterparty and each relevant Regulatory/Sanctions Amendment Counterparty shall 
promptly take such action and execute all documentation as the Counterparty may 
reasonably require to effect such amendment(s). 
Upon receipt of such certificate, the Trustee will be deemed to have consented to such 
Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments and if required by the relevant Regulatory/Sanctions 
Amendment Counterparty shall be bound to execute any documentation to effect such 
amendment(s) save that it shall not be so bound if, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, 
such amendments would (x) adversely affect the rights of the Trustee, (y) expose the 
Trustee to a liability (other than a fee, cost, charge or expense for which it has or will be 
been compensated), or (z) place an onerous obligation on it which is greater than that 
imposed by the General Conditions and the Master Trust Deed. 
(iii) 
If a Sanctions Event occurs in respect of any entity referenced under a Charged 
Agreement, including a reference entity under any credit default swap, and an industry 
wide initiative (including any protocol established by ISDA) is established that addresses 
such Sanctions Event, the relevant Counterparty may direct the Issuer to effect a 
Regulatory/Sanctions Amendment in accordance with General Condition 15(b)(ii) above 
in order to reflect the amendments provided for within such initiative to address the 
Sanctions Event for so long as the Sanctions apply, provided, however, that no 
Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments shall apply if and to the extent that such amendments 
would be unenforceable by or in respect of any party by reason of breach of (i) any 
provision of Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 of 22 November 1996 (or any law or 
regulation implementing such Council Regulation in any member state of the European 
Union), (ii) any provision of Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 of 22 November 1996, 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) any similar blocking or 
anti-boycott law.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer or the relevant Counterparty (as applicable) shall 
deliver a certificate signed by any Director (or other officer acceptable to such Trustee) 
of the Issuer or two Directors of any Counterparty to the effect that the criteria set out in 
paragraphs (A) to (F) of Condition 15(b)(ii) are satisfied in order for such 
Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments to be made. Upon receipt of such certificate, the 
Trustee will be deemed to have consented to such Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments 
and if required by the relevant Regulatory/Sanctions Amendment Counterparty shall be 
bound to execute any documentation to effect such amendment(s) save that it shall not 
be so bound if, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, such amendments would (x) adversely 
affect the rights of the Trustee, (y) expose the Trustee to a liability (other than a fee, cost, 
charge or expense for which it has or will be been compensated), or (z) place an onerous

--- Page 222 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
196
 
obligation on it which is greater than that imposed by the General Conditions and the 
Master Trust Deed. 
Any such Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments will be made at such Counterparty's own 
expense and without the need for the consent of any other Regulatory/Sanctions 
Amendment Counterparty. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 15(b) (Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution): 
Regulatory Consequences means any consequences that affect the ability of a 
Counterparty and/or any affiliate thereof and/or any other party to a Transaction 
Document to perform obligations under or in connection with the relevant Transaction 
Document as a result of (1) any enactment of, or supplement or amendment to, or a 
change in, relevant law, policy or official interpretation or (2) the implementation or 
application of any rule related thereto, any technical guidelines, regulatory technical 
standards or further relevant regulations or (3) any official communication, 
interpretation, guidance or official rules of procedures or determination made by any 
relevant regulatory authority with respect thereto, in each case arising out of, or in 
connection with, any relevant law as may be in force as at the Issue Date of the relevant 
Series, or due to come into force from time to time. 
Sanctions means any sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of 
the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. State Department, any other government 
agency of the United States, the United Nations, the European Union, His Majesty's 
Treasury or any other relevant authority. 
Sanctions Event means if the Calculation Agent determines (in its sole and absolute 
discretion) that as a result of Sanctions, it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited 
for any party to a Transaction Document to perform any of its obligations under the 
relevant Transaction Document. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Relevant Agent, the Redemption Agent, or any other 
person (including where a matter is to be decided by reference to the Issuer's, the Agent Bank's, 
the Relevant Agent's, the Redemption Agent's, or such other person's opinion), unless otherwise 
stated herein or in the applicable Issue Terms, that matter shall be determined, considered, 
elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Relevant Agent, 
the Redemption Agent, or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith and in its sole 
and (i) where "Sole and Absolute Determination" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
its sole and absolute discretion or (ii) where "Commercial Determination" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The provisions above are without prejudice to the provisions in any Schedule, which will prevail 
in relation to determinations thereunder in the event of any inconsistency. 
No Agent shall act as agent or trustee for the Securityholders. All discretions exercised and 
quotations, determinations, considerations, elections, selections or other decisions given or 
made by any Agent in relation to the Securities shall (except in the case of manifest error) be 
final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and the Securityholders. None of the 
Issuer, the Agent Bank and the Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility to any person 
for any error or omission in any (i) calculation by any Agent of any amount due and/or 
deliverable in respect of the applicable Securities or (ii) determination made by any Agent. 
The Agent Bank, the Calculation Agent, the Redemption Agent or such other person may, 
without the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its functions, obligations and duties to a third 
party as it deems appropriate provided however that in such circumstances, the Agent Bank, the 
Calculation Agent, the Redemption Agent or such other person, as the case may be, shall remain

--- Page 223 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
197
 
responsible to any other person for the performance of such functions, obligations and duties 
delegated to the relevant third party.  
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions (save as provided in the next sentence), if the 
terms of the Securities provide that the Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date is a 
fixed amount or is determined by reference to a formula, which provides for a minimum amount 
to be payable on the Maturity Date, no modification or adjustment to or calculation under the 
Conditions may be made by the Issuer or the Relevant Agent to reduce the amount so payable 
on such date to less than such fixed amount or minimum amount (as applicable). 
(d) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Securities as provided herein, each of the Issuer, the 
Agent Bank, the Redemption Agent and the Relevant Agent or such other person (described in 
General Condition 15(c) (Determinations) above) may take into account such factors as it 
determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances or 
events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging arrangements entered into by 
a Hedging Party (as defined in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) in respect of the 
Securities. The exercise of the Issuer's and/or the Agent Bank's and/or the Redemption Agent's 
and/or the Relevant Agent's and/or such other person's discretion in respect of the Securities as 
provided herein are necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example a material 
modification or disruption to an Underlying to which the Securities are linked) may occur 
subsequent to the issuance of the Securities which may materially affect the costs to a Hedging 
Party of maintaining the relevant Securities or relevant hedging arrangements. Such 
circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing of the Securities. In addition, 
as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or disruption to any reference 
source), it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain 
valuations in respect of any Underlying or otherwise in connection with the Securities to be 
made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer and/or the Agent Bank and/or the Redemption 
Agent and/or the Relevant Agent to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 15 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, 
Substitution, Determinations and Rounding), hedging arrangements means the arrangements, 
if any, the Issuer and/or any Counterparty makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts 
or assets to be paid or assets to be delivered under the Securities as these fall due. This may 
involve a Hedging Party investing directly in an Underlying or by entering into securities 
transactions or loan transactions or derivative transactions or any combination thereof. 
Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a 
derivative contract referencing an Underlying, or in the case of Credit Linked Notes, by entering 
into securities transactions, loan transactions, one or more credit derivative transactions in 
unfunded form with economically equivalent terms to the Credit Linked Notes or a combination 
of such credit derivative transactions with one or more other derivative contracts. Such hedging 
arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging Party maintains 
arrangements for hedging the Securities together with other obligations of the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates). A Hedging Party will seek to select hedging arrangements which are efficient for it 
in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates, but will do 
so without having regard to the interests of Securityholders. A Hedging Party may also adjust 
hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes 
or regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Hedging Party is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any 
hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or 
entitlements on any Securityholder and no Securityholder will have recourse to any such 
hedging arrangements. 
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other person will employ the methodology 
described in the Conditions (including the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) to determine 
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. When making any such

--- Page 224 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
198
 
determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the Issuer and/or the 
Relevant Agent and/or such other person may in its/their sole and absolute discretion consider 
any relevant information, which may but is not required to include, without limitation, one or 
more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or information 
sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant rates, 
prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant market data 
in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in General Condition 15(a) (Meetings of 
Securityholders) or 15(b) (Modification, Waiver and Substitution) above from internal 
sources (including any Affiliates of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such 
other persons) or other information of a type used by the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent 
and/or such other persons in the regular course of its business or in connection with 
similar transactions. 
Whenever any of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other person is required to 
make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. 
Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other 
person in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Securities 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the 
validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion. 
(g) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency which 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility  
None of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other person makes any express or 
implied representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining 
exposure to the Securities, (ii) the value of the Securities at any particular time on any particular 
date, or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Relevant Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Securityholders for any 
direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) 
even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Relevant Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any holder 
for any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the Securities and 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any holder. 
(i) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any of 
its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Class and/or 
Series of Securities including, but not limited to, for example, being a Counterparty and/or being 
involved in arrangements relating to any Underlying(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, 
in the case of a proprietary index for example, as index sponsor). Furthermore, the Relevant

--- Page 225 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
199
 
Agent or any of its Affiliates may contract with the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which 
relate to the Issuer, the Securities, the Mortgaged Property or any Underlying and as a result the 
Relevant Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as Relevant Agent and its and/or its 
Affiliates' interests in other capacities. Subject to all regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer 
nor the Relevant Agent in respect of the Securities shall owe any duty or responsibility to any 
Securityholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests of any Securityholder. 
16. 
Replacement of Securities  
If, in respect of Securities, a Security is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of 
the Registrar or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to holders in 
accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Security is subsequently presented for payment or delivery (where applicable), there will be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable or an amount equal to the amount so 
deliverable by the Issuer in respect of such Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Securities must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
17. 
Further Issues  
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Trustee, the 
Securityholders, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), or the Credit Support Provider (if any) or 
(except in the case of (a) below) the Counterparty (if any) to create and issue further securities 
either (a) ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first payment of interest 
thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Class or such other terms 
but nevertheless so as to form a single Series with the existing Securities of any Class or Series 
or (b) upon such terms as to currency, security, interest, premium, redemption and otherwise as 
the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at the time of the issue thereof determine and 
to enter into additional or amended and restated or supplemental Charged Agreements in order 
to reflect the relevant increase; provided further that (i) in the case of (a) above (A) confirmation 
is received from the relevant rating agency (if any) that there will be no adverse change to the 
credit rating of the Securities which have been rated and with which the new Securities are to 
form a single Class or Series and (B) the value of the Mortgaged Property relating to the relevant 
Class or, in the case of any Series comprising more than one Class, Series is correspondingly 
increased, and (ii) in the case of (b) such securities are secured on assets of the Issuer other than 
those referred to in General Condition 5 (Security) relating to any existing Securities and on 
terms in substantially the form of these Conditions which, other than in respect of Korean 
Market Notes, provide for the extinguishment of all claims in respect of such further bonds, 
notes or other securities after application of the proceeds of the assets upon which such further 
bonds, notes or other securities are secured. Any such securities shall be constituted in 
accordance with the Master Trust Deed.  
For the avoidance of doubt and unless otherwise specified, references in the Conditions to "Issue 
Date" shall be to the first issue date of the Securities and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with such Securities, and references in the Conditions to "Securities" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
18. 
Notices  
(a) 
Notices in relation to Securities  
All notices to the holders of Registered Securities will be deemed validly given if mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date 
of mailing. 
Until such time as any definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Registered Security Certificate(s) representing the Securities are held in its or their entirety (as

--- Page 226 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
200
 
applicable) on behalf of any Relevant Clearing System, be substituted for such mailing as 
provided above, the delivery of the relevant notice to each Relevant Clearing System for 
communication by them to the holders of the Securities. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Securities on the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Relevant Clearing System or, where there is more than one Relevant Clearing System the 
first such Relevant Clearing System. 
For so long as the Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or places required 
by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed validly given on the date specified above or, if deemed given 
more than once or on different dates, on the date first so deemed given as provided above. 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Security in definitive form) with the relative Security or Securities, 
with the Registrar. Whilst any of the Securities are represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, such notice may be given by any Securityholder to the Registrar through the 
Relevant Clearing System in such manner as the Registrar and the Relevant Clearing System 
may approve for this purpose. 
For so long as the Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules 
of that stock exchange so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or 
places required by those rules.  
So long as any Securities are admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market or Euro MTF Market, all 
notices to the holders of such Securities shall be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any such notices will be deemed validly given the date specified above or on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date first deemed given 
or published as provided above.  
19. 
Redenomination 
If "Redenomination" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Securityholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Securityholders, Trustee, the Counterparty (if any), the Redemption Agent (if any), the Credit 
Support Provider (if any), the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent, 
designate a Redenomination Date, being a date (which in the case of interest-bearing Securities 
shall be a date for payment of interest under the Securities) falling on or after the date on which 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency specified adopts the Euro as its lawful currency 
in accordance with the Treaty. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of the 
Conditions: 
(a) 
(in the case of Notes) each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated 
in such amount of Euro as is equivalent to its denomination so specified in the relevant 
Specified Currency at the Established Rate, rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
(b) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Securities, other than 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, 
will be made solely in Euro as though references in the Securities to the relevant 
Specified Currency were to Euro. Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer to 
a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) 
specified by the payee; and 
(c) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, with the 
agreement of Principal Paying Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform

--- Page 227 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
201
 
them to conventions then applicable to Securities denominated in Euro including but not 
limited to where the securities are in global form. Any such other changes will not take 
effect until after they have been notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 18 (Notices). 
As used in the Conditions: 
Established Rate means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty. 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest-bearing Securities) any date for payment 
of interest under the Securities or (in the case of non-interest-bearing Securities) any date, in 
each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Securityholders pursuant to General 
Condition 18 (Notices) and which falls on or after such date as when the country of the Specified 
Currency participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to 
the Treaty. 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Counterparty (if any), the Redemption Agent (if any), the 
Credit Support Provider (if any), the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying 
Agent will be liable to any Securityholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion 
or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent pursuant to this General Condition 
19 will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Counterparty (if any), the Redemption Agent (if any), the Credit Support Provider (if any), 
the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent and the Securityholders. 
20. 
Indemnification and Replacement of the Trustee  
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its 
relief from responsibility, including (a) provisions relieving it from taking any action or 
proceedings unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction and (b) 
provisions limiting or excluding liability in certain circumstances. The Trust Deed provides that, 
when determining whether an indemnity or any security or pre-funding is satisfactory to it, the 
Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance by considering the 
worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any indemnity or security given to it by the 
Securityholders or any of them be given on a joint and several basis and be supported by 
evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and creditworthiness of each counterparty 
and/or as to the value of the security and an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of 
each counterparty and/or the validity and effectiveness of the security. The Trustee is exempted 
from any liability in respect of any loss, diminution in value or theft of all or any part of the 
Mortgaged Property, from any obligation to insure all or any part of the Mortgaged Property 
(including, in either such case, any documents evidencing, constituting or representing the same 
or transferring any rights, benefits and/or obligations thereunder), to procure the same to be 
insured or to monitor the adequacy of any insurance arrangements in respect of the Mortgaged 
Property and from any claim arising if all or any part of the Mortgaged Property (or any such 
document aforesaid) are held in an account with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system in accordance with that clearing system's rules or otherwise held in safe 
custody by the Custodian or a bank or other custodian whether or not selected by the Trustee. 
The Master Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may retire at any time on giving not less than 
three months' prior written notice to the Issuer without giving any reason and without being 
responsible for any liabilities incurred by reason of such retirement. In addition, the 
Securityholders of any Series may by Extraordinary Resolution remove the Trustee in relation 
to such Series. The Issuer has undertaken in the Master Trust Deed that, in the event of the only 
Trustee of any Series giving notice or being removed by Extraordinary Resolution of the

--- Page 228 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
202
 
Securityholders of such Series, it will use its best endeavours to procure that a new trustee in 
relation to such Series is appointed as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. If the Issuer 
fails so to procure the appointment of such a new trustee, the Trustee which is retiring or has 
been removed (as the case may be) shall appoint a successor trustee in relation to such Series. 
The retirement or removal of the Trustee shall not become effective until a successor trustee in 
relation to the relevant Series is appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Master Trust 
Deed. 
21. 
Trustee Contracting with Issuer and Other Parties  
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia:  
(a) 
to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if 
any) and/or the Counterparty (if any) and/or the Credit Support Provider (if any) and/or 
any obligor in respect of the Charged Assets and/or any of their subsidiary or associated 
companies and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued by or relating 
to the Issuer and/or the Issuer Credit Enhancer and/or the Counterparty (if any) and/or 
the Credit Support Provider (if any) and/or any obligor in respect of the Charged Assets 
and/or any of their subsidiary or associated companies; 
(b) 
to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations, and perform its duties, 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeships 
without regard to the interests of the Securityholders or the Counterparty (if any); and  
(c) 
to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit 
received thereby or in connection therewith. 
22. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction  
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Collateral Services Agreement, the 
Securities Guarantee (if any) and the Securities and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, any 
Collateral Services Agreement, the Securities Guarantee (if any) and the Securities are 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Custodial Services Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with it is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourg law.  
The Charging Document (if any), the Charged Assets, the Credit Support Document(s) 
and the Charged Agreement(s) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Charging Document (if any), the Charged Assets, the Credit 
Support Document(s) and the Charged Agreement(s) are governed by, and will be 
construed in accordance with, such law as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where the Issuer is Ensemble (acting in respect of one of its Compartments), the 
provisions set out in articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Companies Act 1915 shall not apply 
to the Securities. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iii) below, the English courts have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed and/or the Securities, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Trust Deed and/or the Securities (a Dispute) and 
accordingly the Issuer in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts.

--- Page 229 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
203
 
(ii) 
For the purpose of this Condition General 22(b) (Submission to Jurisdiction), 
the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they 
are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(iii) 
To the extent allowed by law, the relevant Trustee and the Securityholders may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (A) proceedings in any other court 
with jurisdiction, and (B) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Waiver of any rights to a trial by jury 
EACH SECURITYHOLDER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND 
INTENTIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW) ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF 
ANY LITIGATION BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH, THE SECURITIES OR ANY OTHER RELATED 
DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, 
STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF THE 
SECURITYHOLDERS 
(d) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer:  
(i) 
in the case of Ensemble (acting in respect of one of its Compartments), 
irrevocably appoints Alter Domus (UK) Limited at its registered office at 18 St. 
Swithin's Lane, London EC4N 8AD, United Kingdom; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Concerto, irrevocably appoints Maples and Calder at its registered 
office at 6th Floor, DUO, 280 Bishopsgate, London, EC2M 4RB,  
in each case, as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English 
courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of such process agent 
being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will appoint another person as its 
agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees 
that failure by its process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
23. 
Rights of Third Parties 
The Securities confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of the Securities, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.  
24. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below:  
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
control means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if 
"Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (a) "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day" then "Business Day" shall also be any day except a Saturday, a Sunday

--- Page 230 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
204
 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any 
successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (b) "T2" or "T2 
Business Day", then "Business Day" shall also be a day on which the T2 (as defined 
below) is operating; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than any Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) 
or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) or any successor or replacement for that system 
(the T2 ) is operating. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Euro-zone means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third 
stage of Economic and Monetary Union. 
Instalment Amount means in respect of a Security and an Instalment Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for 
determining such amount specified therein. 
Instalment Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Relevant Agent means the Calculation Agent or, where a separate Determination Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Securities, the Determination Agent, or the Agent Bank or the 
Redemption Agent, as the case may be, and each reference to a Relevant Agent shall be deemed 
to be a reference to the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or the Agent Bank, as 
applicable and as the context may require. 
sub unit means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, one cent. 
T2 Business Day means a day on which the T2 is operating. 
25. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein: 
(a) 
in the event the relevant Issuer becomes subject to a proceeding under the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act or Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
(each, a U.S. Special Resolution Regime), the transfer of the Securities (where the Securities 
are Covered Instruments) (the Relevant Agreements) (and the transfer of any interest and 
obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements) from the Issuer will be effective to the same 
extent as the relevant transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if 
the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements, 
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States; and  
(b) 
in the event the relevant Issuer or any of their respective affiliates (as such term is defined in, 
and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 United States Code (U.S.C.) 1841(k)) becomes 
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the 
relevant Issuer with respect to the Relevant Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no 
greater extent than such default rights could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime if the Relevant Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state 
of the United States. For purposes of this paragraph "default right" has the meaning assigned 
to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulations 
(C.F.R.) 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and "Covered Instrument"

--- Page 231 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
205
 
refers to any Security that falls within the definition of a "qualified financial contract" as such 
term is defined in, and as interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

--- Page 232 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
206
 
SECTION E.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Security Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Security Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Bond Index means each Security Index classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Component Security means, in respect of a Security Index, each component security or debt 
instrument included in such Security Index. 
Exchange means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, either (i) each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Single Exchange Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor to any such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the relevant Component Securities has 
temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the relevant Component Securities on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system); or (ii) where 
"Principal Exchanges" is specified as the Exchange in respect of a Single Exchange Index, the 
exchange or quotation system on which each relevant Component Security is (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) principally traded; and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index and 
each relevant Component Security, the exchange, quotation system, over-the-counter market or 
trading system on which such Component Security is (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
principally traded. 
Exchange Business Day means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Single Exchange Index on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange for such Single Exchange Index is open for trading during its respective regular 
trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Multiple Exchange Index on which the relevant Index Sponsor publishes 
the level of such Security Index and each Related Exchange for such Multiple Exchange Index 
is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means that any Hedging Party would incur a rate to borrow 
any Component Security that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of a Security Index, the corporation or other entity which (a) 
is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Security Index; and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of such Security Index. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Component Security, the rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred to borrow such Component Security as of the Trade Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) any Component Security at a rate 
equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 233 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
207
 
Market Disruption Event shall have the meaning given to it in Security Index Condition 3(a) 
(Single Exchange Index) (in respect of a Single Exchange Index) or in Security Index Condition 
3(b) (Multiple Exchange Index) (in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index). 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Component Security, the lowest rate that 
any Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow 
such Component Security as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Multiple Exchange Index means each Security Index specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Security Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Security Index has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Security Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable 
Related Exchange in respect of a Security Index, then "Related Exchange" means each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Security Index. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of a Security Index, a Scheduled Trading Day and 
an Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Security Index, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading 
session on such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of such Single Exchange Index is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its respective regular trading sessions; and (b) in respect of 
a Multiple Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor in respect of such Multiple 
Exchange Index is scheduled to publish the level of such Multiple Exchange Index, (ii) each 
Related Exchange in respect of such Multiple Exchange Index is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session and (iii) the X Percentage is no more than 20 per cent. of 
the relevant Component Securities. 
Security Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Security Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Single Exchange Index means each Security Index specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
X Percentage means, in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index and any day, the percentage of 
relevant Component Securities which are scheduled to be unavailable for trading on any relevant 
Exchange on such day by virtue of that day not being a day on which such relevant Exchange 
is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. For the purposes of 
determining the X Percentage in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index, the relevant percentage 
of a relevant Component Security unavailable for trading shall be based on a comparison of (a) 
the portion of the level of such Multiple Exchange Index attributable to such Component 
Security; and (b) the overall level of such Multiple Exchange Index, in each case, using the 
official opening weightings as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market 
"opening data".

--- Page 234 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
208
 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Security Index and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing level of such Security Index either (a) where Same Day Publication is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on such Valuation Date (and in which 
circumstances, where the level of such Security Index is published on a succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day, the level for that Valuation Date will have been the level calculated for the 
Security Index for or in respect of a preceding Scheduled Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day 
Publication is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date 
(and in which circumstances the level for that Valuation Date may be published on a succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page.  
Valuation Time means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index where Single Valuation Time 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index or a Single Exchange 
Index where Single Valuation Time is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and a Scheduled Trading Day: (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption 
Event in respect of such Security Index has occurred: (A) in respect of any Component Security, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; and (B) 
in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on such Security Index, the close of trading 
on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the 
official closing level of such Security Index is calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Security Index and a Valuation Date, the level of such 
Security Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Security Index, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Security Index, the time at which the level of such Security Index is being 
determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Security Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Security Index on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
(a) 
Single Exchange Index 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Security Index which is a Single Exchange 
Index, the occurrence of any of the events set out below: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Security Index; or 
(ii) 
a relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of Component 
Securities which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security 
Index; or 
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding

--- Page 235 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
209
 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or option contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for relevant Component Securities which in aggregate comprise 
20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Security Index; or 
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of Component Securities which in 
aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the 
deadline for the submission of orders to be entered into such Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(viii) the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option contracts 
relating to such Security Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be 
entered into such Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day). 
(b) 
Multiple Exchange Index 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Security Index which is a Multiple Exchange 
Index, the occurrence of any of the events set out below: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Security Index; or 
(ii) 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of any relevant 
Component Security, and the aggregate of all relevant Component Securities so affected 
plus the X Percentage comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; 
or 
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or option contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other

--- Page 236 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
210
 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for any relevant Component Security, and the aggregate of all 
relevant Component Securities so affected plus the X Percentage comprises 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Security Index; or 
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of any relevant Component Security 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the 
deadline for the submission of orders to be entered into such Exchange System for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day), and the 
aggregate of all relevant Component Securities so affected plus the X Percentage 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(viii) the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option contracts 
relating to such Security Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be 
entered into such Related Exchange System for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day). 
(c) 
Determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists 
For the purposes of determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of 
a Security Index at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs in 
respect of a Component Security of such Security Index at such time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of such Component Security to the level of such Security Index shall 
be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Security Index attributable to 
such Component Security; and (ii) the overall level of such Security Index, either (A) where 
such Security Index is a Single Exchange Index, immediately before the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event; or (B) where such Security Index is a Multiple Exchange Index, using 
the official opening weightings as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market 
"opening data". 
For the purposes of determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of 
a Component Security at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs 
in respect of such Component Security at such time, then the relevant percentage contribution 
of such Component Security to the level of the relevant Security Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Security Index attributable to such Component 
Security; and (ii) the overall level of such Security Index, using the official opening weightings 
as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Security Index if 
Security Index Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 237 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
211
 
(a) 
such Security Index is either (a) not calculated and announced by or on behalf of the 
relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on behalf of a 
successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (b) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of such Security Index (such index, the Successor Index, which will be 
deemed to be such Security Index); and 
(b) 
each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Security Index if 
Security Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution 
can reasonably be made under Security Index Condition 6(b) (Modification or cancellation of a 
Security Index and Security Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Security Index, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Modification or cancellation of a Security Index and Security Index Substitution 
(i) 
Security Index Adjustment Events 
If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) (Security Index Adjustment Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Security Index, (A) on or prior 
to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such Security Index 
or in any other way materially modifies such Security Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Security Index in the event of 
changes in Component Securities and capitalisation and other routine events) (a Security 
Index Modification); or (B) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index 
Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Security Index and no Successor Index 
(as defined in Security Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) exists (a 
Security Index Cancellation); or (C) on or prior to any Valuation Date the relevant 
Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and announce such 
Security Index (a Security Index Disruption, and together with a Security Index 
Modification and a Security Index Cancellation, a Security Index Adjustment Event), 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Security Index Adjustment Event has 
a material effect on the Securities, and if so, either: 
(A) 
calculate the relevant level of such Security Index at the relevant time on such 
Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such Security Index, the 
level of such Security Index at the relevant time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and the 
method of calculating the level of such Security Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of such Security Index Adjustment Event but using only those 
Component Securities or other assets or instruments which comprised such 
Security Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Security Index 
Adjustment Event (other than those Component Securities or other assets or 
instruments which have since ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange); 
and/or 
(B) 
substitute such Security Index as provided in Security Index Condition 6(b)(ii) 
(Security Index Substitution) and make such adjustments (if any) to the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it deems necessary or appropriate 
in relation to such substitution to account for the effect of such Security Index

--- Page 238 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
212
 
Adjustment Event in order to preserve the original economic rationale and 
objectives of the Securities; and/or 
(C) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Security Index Adjustment Event in order to preserve the 
original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities and determine the 
effective date of each such adjustment."; and 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Security Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply. 
(ii) 
Security Index Substitution 
If Security Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Security Index Condition 
6(b)(i)(B) (Security Index Adjustment Events) shall be, and any adjustment made by the 
Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include, a Security Index 
Substitution. 
Security Index Substitution means, in relation to a Security Index Adjustment Event or 
an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Security Index the subject of such Security 
Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with a new security 
index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement security index 
which is reasonably comparable to the relevant Security Index and using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Security Index 
or a replacement security index selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement). Such new security 
index shall be deemed to be a Security Index in place of the Security Index the subject 
of the Security Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Security Index on a Disrupted Day 
If, in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), an Underlying Closing Level of a Security 
Index is to be determined on a Valuation Date which is a Disrupted Day for such Security Index, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such Underlying Closing Level of such Security 
Index at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the level of such Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day in respect of such Security Index, using either (i) the price traded or 
quoted on the relevant Exchange as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of 
each Component Security contained in such Security Index; or (ii) (if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Component Security on that Valuation 
Date) its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component Security as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Valuation Date.  
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day on which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Security Index because one or more relevant Related 
Exchanges is not scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for a Security Index solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails 
to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine any such day either (A) to be 
the Valuation Date in respect of a Security Index, notwithstanding that such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Security Index because one or more such Related Exchanges

--- Page 239 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
213
 
is not scheduled to be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a 
Disrupted Day solely because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Security 
Index; (II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related 
Exchange; and (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
Conditions for Bond Indices 
In relation to Security Indices which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Bond 
Indices, all references to "Security Index" and "Security Indices" in these Security Index 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to "Bond Index" and "Bond Indices" and these 
Security Index Conditions shall be deemed to be amended as set out below. 
(i) 
Valuation 
The definition "Valuation Time" set out in Security Index Condition 2(a) (Closing 
valuations) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying Closing Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (A) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred in respect of any relevant Component Security, the time at which such 
Component Security is valued for the purposes of determining the level of such Bond 
Index for the relevant day; and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which the level 
of such Bond Index for such day is calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor.". 
(ii) 
Market Disruption Event 
In relation to a Bond Index, the definition of "Market Disruption Event" set out in 
Security Index Condition 3(b) (Multiple Exchange Index) shall be amended by the 
insertion of the word "or" at the end of sub paragraph (viii) and the insertion of the 
following paragraphs as sub-paragraphs (ix) to (xii) after sub-paragraph (viii) thereof: 
"(ix) a general moratorium is declared in respect of banking activities in the country in 
which the Exchange in respect of a Component Security is located (which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material); or 
(x) 
the difference between the bid and offer prices of any Component Security 
increases compared to that prevailing as at the Issue Date at any time (which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material); or 
(xi) 
the calculation of such Bond Index is impractical or impossible at any time save 
in circumstances in which the relevant Index Sponsor fails to calculate and 
publish such Bond Index as described in Security Index Condition 6(b) 
(Modification or cancellation of a Security Index and Security Index 
Substitution); or 
(xii) 
a reduction in liquidity in any Component Security and/or any other event or 
circumstance that is beyond the reasonable control of the Issuer that prevents or 
limits transactions in the Component Security (which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material).". 
(iii) 
In relation to a Bond Index, Security Index Condition 6 (Additional Provisions) shall be 
amended as follows: 
(1) 
the first paragraph of Security Index Condition 6(b) (Modification or cancellation 
of a Security Index and Security Index Substitution) shall be amended by the 
deletion of the words "(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain such Security Index in the event of changes in Component

--- Page 240 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
214
 
Securities and capitalisation and other routine events)" in the third, fourth and 
fifth lines thereof and the substitution of the words "(other than a modification 
prescribed in the conditions or methodology of the relevant Bond Index to 
maintain the relevant Bond Index in the event of changes in Component Securities 
and other routine events)" therefore; and 
(2) 
Security Index Condition 6(d) (Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-
material events) shall not apply to the Bond Index. 
(iv) 
In relation to a Bond Index, there shall be no definition of "Related Exchange" and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 241 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
215
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"Inflation Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Inflation Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Payment Date, the day which is five Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date. 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, if "Fallback Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) the bond specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (b) if no such bond is specified, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued 
by the government of the country to whose level of inflation such Inflation Index relates and 
which pays interest or a redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation 
Index, with a maturity date which falls on (i) the same day as the Maturity Date; (ii) the next 
longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date; 
or (iii) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond described in (a) or (b) 
above is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation 
across the European Monetary Union (EMU), then the Calculation Agent will select an 
inflation-linked bond which is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays interest or a redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the EMU. In each case, the 
Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or 
before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same 
date, then the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the 
Fallback Bond in respect of an Inflation Index redeems, then the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time 
the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged).  
Index Sponsor means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the corporation or other entity which (a) 
is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Inflation Index; and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of such Inflation Index. 
Inflation Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
Successor Index. 
Inflation Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to 
such Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Payment Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Interest Payment Date, the Maturity 
Date or other date to which such Valuation Date relates. 
Reference Month means, in respect of an Inflation Index and a Valuation Date, each month 
specified as such for such Valuation Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Revision Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to such 
Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a Valuation Date and a 
related Reference Month, the level of such Inflation Index in respect of such Reference Month, 
as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page.

--- Page 242 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
216
 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to an Inflation Index. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
(a) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index on a Valuation Date 
Any Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to an Inflation Index and the 
Substitute Index Level provisions set out below shall apply thereto. The provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall 
only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Inflation Indices (if any). 
(b) 
Substitute Index Level 
If an Underlying Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or announced by 
the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation Agent shall, subject to any 
provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, determine a substitute index level (the 
Substitute Index Level) by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if Fallback Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Index Level for the affected 
Reference Month as that taken by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of any relevant Fallback Bond; and 
(ii) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or sub-paragraph (i) does not result in a Substitute Index 
Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Substitute Index Level in accordance with the formula set out below: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level ∗(Latest Level/Reference Level) 
Where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor 
in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the Reference Month for 
which the Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by the relevant Index 
Sponsor prior to the Reference Month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is 
being determined; 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor 
in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the Reference Month 
referred to in the definition for "Latest Level" above; and 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month is published 
or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then such 
Underlying Closing Level will not be used in any calculation. The Substitute Index Level 
determined pursuant to this Inflation Index Condition 3 (Disruption to Valuation) will 
be the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the relevant Reference Month. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index if 
Inflation Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms: the relevant Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer, any Counterparty 
and/or any of their Affiliates increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such Inflation 
Index, which the Calculation Agent determines are material.

--- Page 243 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
217
 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index 
if Inflation Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Successor Index can be determined under 
Inflation Index Condition 6(d) (Substitution of an Inflation Index); and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made under 
Inflation Index Condition 6(e) (Modification of an Inflation Index). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of an Inflation Index. 
(b) 
Revision of the level of an Inflation Index 
The operation of this Inflation Index Condition 6(b) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index) 
is subject as provided in Inflation Index Condition 6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the 
level of an Inflation Index) below. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index, 
or any revision to such Underlying Closing Level made no later than the relevant Revision Cut-
off Date, shall be final and conclusive. 
If "No Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation 
Index shall be final and conclusive, and any later revision to such Underlying Closing Level 
will not be used in any calculation. 
If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then "No 
Revision" shall be deemed to apply. 
(c) 
Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected 
an Underlying Closing Level for such Inflation Index to correct a manifest error no later than 
the earlier to occur of (i) the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date; and (ii) 30 calendar days 
following the first publication and announcement of such Underlying Closing Level, then the 
Calculation Agent may use such corrected Underlying Closing Level for the purposes of any 
calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. Any correction to an Underlying Closing 
Level of such Inflation Index published after the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date will not 
be used in any calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. In the event of any 
inconsistency (as determined by the Calculation Agent) between this Inflation Index Condition 
6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) and Inflation Index 
Condition 6(b) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index), the operation of this Inflation Index 
Condition 6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) shall prevail. 
(d) 
Substitution of an Inflation Index 
If Inflation Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that either (i) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months; and/or (ii) the Index Sponsor announces that it will 
no longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index; and/or (iii) the Index Sponsor 
cancels such Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent may replace such Inflation Index with 
a successor index (a Successor Index) by using the following methodology:

--- Page 244 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
218
 
(i) 
if at any time a successor index has been designated in respect of an Inflation Index by 
the calculation agent under any relevant Fallback Bond pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of such Fallback Bond, then such successor index may be designated a 
"Successor Index" for such Inflation Index for the purposes of all subsequent Valuation 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been 
determined under sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under sub-paragraph (i) and a notice has 
been given or an announcement has been made by the relevant Index Sponsor, specifying 
that such Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement inflation index specified 
by the relevant Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such 
replacement inflation index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula 
or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, then such replacement index shall be such Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Securities from the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) by the fifth 
Business Day prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of the next following Payment Date, 
then the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index and such 
index will be deemed a "Successor Index". 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with the above, the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment(s) to the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for such 
replacement and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Securities. 
If no Successor Index can be determined pursuant to the above, the provisions of Inflation Index 
Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(e) 
Modification of an Inflation Index 
If, on or prior to any Cut-off Date in respect of a Payment Date, an Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall make 
such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms (i) (if a 
Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index) as are consistent with any adjustment 
made to the relevant Fallback Bond; or (ii) (if no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant 
Inflation Index) as are necessary for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation 
Index. 
If no such adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the above, the provisions of Inflation 
Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(f) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, then the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for the purposes 
of determining any Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index from the date of such 
rebasing. 
If a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index as are made by the calculation agent 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the relevant Fallback Bond, so that the levels of such 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was 
rebased. 
If no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index, so that the levels of such 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was 
rebased. 
In each case, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or

--- Page 245 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
219
 
appropriate to account for such rebasing and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) 
to the Securities.  
Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Securities.

--- Page 246 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
220
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Commodity Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Commodity Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
Commodity Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Commodity Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Component means, in respect of a Commodity Index, each component included in such 
Commodity Index. 
Component Trading Day means, in respect of a Component, a day on which the Exchange for 
such Component is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to the Scheduled Closing Time for such 
Component. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity Index, each exchange, quotation system, over-the-
counter market or principal trading market on which each relevant Component is (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) principally traded and, in respect of a Component of a Commodity 
Index, the exchange, quotation system, over-the-counter market or principal trading market on 
which such Component is (as determined by the Calculation Agent) principally traded. 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Commodity Index on which the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such 
Commodity Index. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculations 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Commodity Index; and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of such Commodity Index on a regular basis.  
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity Index and options contracts and futures 
contracts on such Commodity Index, any exchange on which such options contracts or futures 
contracts on such Commodity Index are traded. 
Scheduled Closing Time means (a) in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day and an Exchange or 
a Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours trading or any other 
trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such Exchange and (b) in respect of 
a Component Trading Day, a Component and the Exchange for such Component, the scheduled 
weekday closing time on such Exchange on such Component Trading Day, without regard to 
after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such 
Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Commodity Index, any day on which the 
relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Commodity Index and, where 
Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
day on which the Exchange for each Component of such Commodity Index is scheduled to be 
open for trading for its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior 
to the Scheduled Closing Time for the relevant Component. 
Successor Index shall have the meaning given to it in Commodity Index Condition 4 
(Additional Adjustment Events). 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the imposition of, change in or 
removal of a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date,

--- Page 247 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
221
 
if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the level of 
the Commodity Index on a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would 
have been without such imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, Relevant Tax means, 
in respect of a Component or commodity relating to such Component, any excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Component or commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by 
reference to, overall gross or net income). 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing level of such Commodity Index on such Valuation Date or, where the level of 
such Commodity Index is only published once in respect of any day, the level of such 
Commodity Index either (a) where Same Day Publication is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, on such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances, where the level 
of such Commodity Index is published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, the level for 
that Valuation Date will have been the level calculated for the Commodity Index for or in respect 
of a preceding Scheduled Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day Publication is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances 
the level for that Valuation Date may be published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day), 
on the applicable Electronic Page.  
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Commodity Index, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Disrupted Day has 
occurred: (A) in respect of any relevant Component, the time at which such Component is 
valued for the purposes of determining the relevant level of such Commodity Index, and (B) in 
respect of any options contracts or future contracts on the Commodity Index, the close of trading 
on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, either (A) where the level 
of such Commodity Index is only published once a day, the time at which the level of such 
Commodity Index for such day is calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (B) 
otherwise, the time at which the official closing level of the Commodity Index is calculated and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a Valuation Date, the level of 
such Commodity Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Commodity Index, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the time at which the level of such Commodity Index is being determined during 
such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
where Commodity Component Valuation is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
any of the events set out below occurs: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Commodity Index; 
(ii) 
a temporary or permanent failure by the relevant Exchange to announce or publish 
a relevant price for any relevant Component of such Commodity Index; 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant

--- Page 248 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
222
 
Exchange of relevant Components which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of such Commodity Index;  
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any Related 
Exchange of futures contracts or option contracts relating to such Commodity 
Index;  
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub 
paragraph (viii) of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (on any relevant 
Exchange) to effect transactions in or to obtain market values for relevant 
Components which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
such Commodity Index;  
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub 
paragraph (viii) of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (on any Related 
Exchange) to effect transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Commodity Index;  
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of relevant Components which 
in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Commodity Index 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(viii) the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option 
contracts relating to such Commodity Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
(unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least 
one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(b) 
where Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which any of 
the events set out below occurs: 
(x) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Commodity 
Index; or 
(y) 
such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Component of such Commodity 
Index as specified in sub-paragraphs (ii)(x), (y) or (z) below. 
(ii) 
in respect of a Component, any Component Trading Day on which any of the 
events set out below occurs: 
(x) 
the failure of a relevant Exchange to announce or publish the settlement 
price for such Component (or other relevant price, or prices from which 
such price is calculated); 
(y) 
the suspension of or limitation on trading in such Component on the 
relevant Exchange which the Calculation Agent determines is material; or

--- Page 249 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
223
 
(z) 
the closing or settlement price for such Component is a "limit price" which 
means that such closing or settlement price for such Component for the 
relevant day has increased or decreased from the previous day's closing or 
settlement price by the maximum amount permitted under applicable 
exchange rules. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
(a) 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index if 
Commodity Index Condition 4(a) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: such Commodity Index is either (i) not calculated and announced 
by or on behalf of the relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on 
behalf of a successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or 
a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such 
Commodity Index (such index, the Successor Index, which will be deemed to be such 
Commodity Index); 
(b) 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index if 
Commodity Index Condition 4(b) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: the relevant Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer, any Counterparty 
and/or any of their Affiliates increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such 
Commodity Index, which the Calculation Agent determines are material; or 
(c) 
if "Tax Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent determines in good faith that (i) a Tax Disruption has occurred or exists; and (ii) such 
Tax Disruption is material. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index 
if Commodity Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation 
or substitution can reasonably be made under Commodity Index Condition 6(b) (Modification 
or cancellation of a Commodity Index and Commodity Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Commodity Index, 30 calendar days. 
(b) 
Modification or cancellation of a Commodity Index and Commodity Index Substitution 
(i) 
Commodity Index Adjustment Events 
If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) (Commodity Index Adjustment Events) is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, (A) on or 
prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such 
Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies such Commodity Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Commodity 
Index in the event of changes in relevant Components and other routine events) (a 
Commodity Index Modification); or (B) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant 
Index Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Commodity Index and no Successor 
Index (as defined in Commodity Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) 
exists (a Commodity Index Cancellation); or (C) on or prior to any Valuation Date the 
relevant Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and 
announce such Commodity Index (a Commodity Index Disruption, and together with 
a Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity Index Cancellation, a Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such

--- Page 250 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
224
 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities, and if so, 
either: 
(A) 
calculate the relevant level of such Commodity Index at the relevant time on such 
Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such Commodity Index, the 
level of such Commodity Index at the relevant time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and the 
method of calculating the level of such Commodity Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of such Commodity Index Adjustment Event but using only those 
Components or other assets or instruments which comprised such Commodity 
Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event (other than those Components which have since ceased to be listed on any 
relevant Exchange); and/or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall substitute such Commodity Index as provided in 
Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(ii) (Commodity Index Substitution) and make 
such adjustments (if any) to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution; and/or 
(C) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Commodity Index Adjustment Event and determine the 
effective date of each such adjustment. 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Commodity Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply. 
(ii) 
Commodity Index Substitution 
If Commodity Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Commodity Index Condition 
6(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index on a 
Disrupted Day) shall be, and any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response 
to an Adjustment Event may include, a Commodity Index Substitution. 
Commodity Index Substitution means, in relation to a Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Commodity Index the subject of 
such Commodity Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with 
a new commodity index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement 
commodity index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
level of such Commodity Index). Such new commodity index shall be deemed to be a 
Commodity Index in place of the Commodity Index the subject of the Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index on a Disrupted Day 
(i) 
Where Commodity Component Valuation is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms if an Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index is determined on a 
Scheduled Trading Day which is a Disrupted Day for such Commodity Index in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such Underlying Closing Level of such Commodity Index at the 
Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the level of such Commodity Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day in respect of such Commodity Index, using either 
(i) the price traded or quoted on the relevant Exchange as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Scheduled Trading Day of each relevant Component; or (ii) (if an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Component on that

--- Page 251 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
225
 
Scheduled Trading Day) its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant Component 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
(ii) 
Where Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, if a Specified Valuation Date for a Commodity Index is a Disrupted Day 
for such Commodity Index, then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level of 
the relevant Commodity Index for such Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level for such Valuation Date using the then-
current method for calculating the level of such Commodity Index based on: 
(A) 
with respect to each Component which is not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the closing or settlement price of each such Component on such 
Specified Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Component which is affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the closing or settlement price of each such Component on the 
earlier of: (1) the first succeeding day immediately following such Specified 
Valuation Date which is a Component Trading Day for the relevant Component 
and which is not a Disrupted Day for such Component; and (2) the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days for 
the relevant Commodity Index immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date. 
If, by operation of the above provision, the date for valuation of the relevant Component 
would fall on a day which is a Disrupted Day for such Component, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the closing or settlement price of the relevant Component for the relevant 
Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the closing or settlement price of such 
Component for such day. 
If, by operation of the above provision, the date for valuation of the relevant Component 
would otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for the 
relevant Commodity Index prior to the date on which a relevant payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities (the Commodity Index Cut-off Date), such date of valuation 
shall be deemed to be the Commodity Index Cut-off Date (notwithstanding that such date 
either (I) is not a Component Trading Day for such Component; or (II) is a Disrupted 
Day for such Component; or (III) is a Disrupted Day for the relevant Commodity Index), 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the closing or settlement price of the relevant 
Component for the relevant Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the closing 
or settlement price of such Component for such day. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall not 
apply to a Specified Valuation Date relating to a Commodity Index except that, if a Disrupted 
Day occurs in respect of an Underlying other than a Commodity Index and "Move in Block" is 
specified for "Valuation Disruption (Disrupted Days)" in respect of the relevant Valuation Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply 
thereto PROVIDED THAT if by operation of such provision the relevant Valuation Date would 
thereby fall after the relevant Commodity Index Cut-off Date, the provisions set out in the 
preceding paragraph shall apply. 
In all other cases, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination 
of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not 
Commodity Indices (if any).

--- Page 252 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
226
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Commodity". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Commodities. 
1. 
Definitions  
Abandonment of Scheme means that, at any time prior to the Maturity Date, the EU Scheme 
or UK Scheme, as applicable, is, as a result of official written public pronouncement by the 
European Community or, in respect of the UK Scheme, the Relevant UK Authority, as 
applicable, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued. 
For which purpose: 
Allowance Directive means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance 
trading within the Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended by 
Directive 2004/101/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 October 2004, and 
as amended from time to time. 
Applicable UK Scheme Rules means any applicable law or regulation, or binding judgment or 
decision of any competent court, tribunal or Relevant UK Authority, in respect of the UK 
Scheme. 
Bullion Commodity means a Commodity which is any of gold, palladium, platinum or silver. 
Calculation Agent Determination means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of the relevant Commodity (or 
the method for determining the Relevant Price of such Commodity) for the relevant Valuation 
Date, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Price 
and any other information it deems relevant.  
Cancellation means an Additional Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
as set out in Commodity Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) and the Securities 
will be redeemed in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
Commodity means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Commodity Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Commodity Dealers means the four dealers specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if four 
dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Commodity Price means, in respect of a Commodity, the price or other unit of quotation for 
such Commodity specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Delayed Publication and Announcement means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation 
Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the 
Underlying Level (as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date, using the Relevant 
Price for such Valuation Date that is published or announced by the relevant Price Source 
retrospectively on any succeeding Scheduled Trading Day. The next Disruption Fallback shall 
apply if the Disruption Event continues to exist or the Relevant Price for such Valuation Date 
continues to be unavailable for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Valuation Roll (measured from and including the original day for which the Underlying Closing 
Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) was sought), subject as provided in Commodity 
Condition 6(b) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted 
Day).

--- Page 253 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
227
 
Delivery Date means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the 
relevant date or month for delivery of such Commodity: (a) if a date is, or a month and year are, 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that date or that month and year; (b) if a Nearby Month 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the month of the expiration of the relevant Futures 
Contract; and (c) if a method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of 
determining the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to such 
method. 
Disappearance of Commodity Price means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the permanent 
discontinuation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; (b) the 
disappearance of, or of trading in, such Commodity; (c) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuation or unavailability of the relevant Commodity Price, notwithstanding the 
availability of the relevant Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract 
or the relevant Commodity. 
Disrupted Day shall have the meaning given to it in Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted 
Day). 
Disruption Event means each of a Disappearance of Commodity Price, a Material Change in 
Content, a Material Change in Formula, a Price Source Disruption, a Tax Disruption, and a 
Trading Disruption which are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are 
deemed to apply as set out in Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day). 
Disruption Fallback means each of Calculation Agent Determination, Cancellation, Delayed 
Publication and Announcement, Fallback Commodity Dealers, Fallback Commodity Price, 
Postponement which are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are 
deemed to apply as set out in Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback). 
ETS Order means the Greenhouse Gas Emissions Trading Scheme Order 2020/1265, as 
amended from time to time. 
EU Scheme means the scheme for transferring allowances (as defined in the Allowance 
Directive) established pursuant to the Allowance Directive and the Registry Regulation, and as 
implemented by the national laws of the Member States from time to time. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market specified 
for such Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
principal trading market. 
Fallback Commodity Dealers means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, that 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level 
(as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date on the basis of quotations for the 
Commodity Price of such Commodity provided by Commodity Dealers on such date for 
delivery on the relevant Delivery Date (if applicable). If four quotations are provided as 
requested, then the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of such 
Commodity for such Valuation Date will be the arithmetic mean of the prices provided by each 
Commodity Dealer, without regard to the highest price and the lowest price. If exactly three 
quotations are provided as requested, then the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying 
Level (as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date will be the price which remains 
after disregarding the highest price and the lowest price. For this purpose, if more than one 
quotation have the same value, then one such quotation will be disregarded. If fewer than three 
quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying 
Level (as relevant) of the relevant Commodity for such Valuation Date cannot be determined 
and the next Disruption Fallback shall apply, subject as provided in Commodity Condition 6(b) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day).  
Fallback Commodity Price means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as 
relevant) of the relevant Commodity for such Valuation Date using the Commodity Price 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an alternative Commodity Price.

--- Page 254 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
228
 
Futures Contract means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the 
contract for future delivery of a contract size in respect of the Delivery Date relating to such 
Commodity specified in such Commodity Price. Where "Futures Contract" is preceded by a 
numerical adjective, such Futures Contract shall be the Futures Contract expiring in the Nearby 
Month having the same numerical adjective, so that for example (a) First Futures Contract 
means the Futures Contract expiring in the First Nearby Month; and (b) Second Futures 
Contract means the Futures Contract expiring in the Second Nearby Month. 
Material Change in Content means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Trade 
Date of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of such Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract. 
Material Change in Formula means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the 
Trade Date of a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant 
Commodity Price. 
Nearby Month means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a Valuation Date, when preceded by 
a numerical adjective, the month of expiration of a Futures Contract identified by means of such 
numerical adjective, so that for example (a) First Nearby Month means the month of expiration 
of the first Futures Contract to expire following such Valuation Date; and (b) Second Nearby 
Month means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire following such 
Valuation Date. 
Non-bullion Commodity means a Commodity other than a Bullion Commodity. 
Postponement means, in respect of a Valuation Date and any Commodity to be valued on such 
Valuation Date, that such Valuation Date shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)), subject as provided in Commodity Condition 6(b) (Determination 
of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day). 
Price Source means, in respect of a Commodity, the publication or other source (including an 
Exchange) containing or reporting the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data from 
which such Relevant Price is calculated) specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Commodity or any successor which shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be the Electronic Page. 
Price Source Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the failure of the relevant Price 
Source to announce or publish the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data from which 
such Relevant Price is calculated); (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuation or 
unavailability of the relevant Price Source; or (c) if a Relevant Price is "Fallback Commodity 
Dealers", the failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested from the relevant 
Commodity Dealers. 
Registry Regulation means the EU Commission Regulation adopted, or to be adopted, in order 
to establish a standardised and secured system of registries pursuant to Article 19(3) of Directive 
2003/87/EC and Article 6(1) of Decision 280/2004/EC, as amended from time to time. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the price published or 
announced by or on behalf of the relevant Price Source in respect of such Valuation Date for 
the relevant Commodity Price or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, determined in 
accordance with "Fallback Commodity Dealers". 
Relevant UK Authority means any authority having power pursuant to Applicable UK Scheme 
Rules to administer the UK Scheme, including (without limitation) (a) any Regulator (as defined 
in the ETS Order), including any Authorised Person (as defined in the ETS Order), (b) the UK 
ETS Authority (as defined in the ETS Order) and (c) the Registry Administrator (as defined in 
the ETS Order). 
Scheduled Trading Day means (a) in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, either (i) if the 
Commodity Price for such Commodity is a price published or announced by an Exchange, any 
day on which such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session,

--- Page 255 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
229
 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or (ii) if the 
Commodity Price for such Commodity is not a price published or announced by an Exchange, 
any day in respect of which the relevant Price Source is scheduled to announce or publish a 
price; and (b) in respect of a Bullion Commodity, a day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and New York City (or as otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal of 
a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the Relevant Price on a 
day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would have been without such 
imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, Relevant Tax means, in respect of a 
Commodity, any excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, 
recording or other similar tax on, or measured by reference to, such Commodity (other than a 
tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income). 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, the suspension of or limitation on 
(which the Calculation Agent determines is material) trading in (a) such Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; or (b) any additional futures contract or 
options contract specified for such Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms on any exchange, 
trading system or quotation system on which any such futures contract or options contract is 
traded. For these purposes, a suspension of trading in a Commodity or the relevant Futures 
Contract shall be deemed to be material only if: (a) all such trading is suspended for the entire 
relevant Valuation Date; or (b) all such trading is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading 
on the relevant Valuation Date and does not recommence prior to the scheduled close of trading 
on the relevant Valuation Date, and such suspension is announced less than one hour before the 
start of such suspension. For these purposes, a limitation on trading in a Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Valuation Date shall be deemed to be material only if 
the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of such Commodity 
or Futures Contract may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of such Commodity or 
Futures Contract on such day is at the upper limit or the lower limit of such range. 
UK Scheme means the scheme for transferring allowances (created under the ETS Order) 
established pursuant to Article 16(1) of the ETS Order. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date, as displayed on or reported by the 
applicable Electronic Page.  
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the Relevant Price 
of such Commodity observed continuously during the regular market hours on such Valuation 
Date, as displayed on or reported by the applicable Electronic Page. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time shall not apply to a Commodity. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
(a) 
Disrupted Day 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Commodity on which an applicable Disruption Event occurs. 
If no Disruption Events are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the following 
Disruption Events will apply:

--- Page 256 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
230
 
(i) 
in respect of a Bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading Disruption; 
(C) Disappearance of Commodity Price and (D) Tax Disruption; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading 
Disruption; (C) Disappearance of Commodity Price; (D) Material Change in Formula; 
(E) Material Change in Content and (F) Tax Disruption. 
(b) 
Disruption Fallback 
If no Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then, in order to 
determine the Underlying Closing Level for a Valuation Date, the following Disruption 
Fallbacks will apply in the following order: 
(i) 
first, (if an alternative Commodity Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
Fallback Commodity Price; 
(ii) 
second, Delayed Publication and Announcement and Postponement (each to operate 
concurrently with the other) PROVIDED THAT the price determined by Postponement 
shall be the Relevant Price only if "Delayed Publication and Announcement" does not 
yield a Relevant Price within the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days;  
(iii) 
third, Calculation Agent Determination; and 
(iv) 
fourth, Cancellation. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity if 
Commodity Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event on a Valuation Date and the failure or 
deemed failure of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks to provide a Relevant Price; and 
(ii) 
each Additional Early Redemption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Commodity, 30 calendar days. 
(b) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day 
If a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Commodity, 
then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level for such Valuation Date, the Relevant 
Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with the 
first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date or, if no such Relevant Price can be 
so determined, Cancellation shall apply. 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to a Commodity 
where Postponement is the applicable Disruption Fallback. Where the applicable Disruption 
Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation 
Date shall not be adjusted in relation to a Commodity, the Disruption Fallback provisions set 
out below shall apply thereto and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only 
apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Commodities (if any).

--- Page 257 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
231
 
If an Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity is to be determined on a day which is a 
Disrupted Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Commodity in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)), then the next applicable Disruption Fallback will apply.

--- Page 258 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
232
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Share". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Component Share means, in respect of any Share which is a Stapled Share, each share specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Component Share Company means, in respect of a Component Share, the issuer of such 
Component Share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in 
respect of such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Share 
has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Share is open for trading 
during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of a Share, a dividend or a distribution or portion 
thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend relating 
to such Share. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Share, that any Hedging Party would 
incur a rate to borrow such Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the rate that any Hedging Party would 
have incurred to borrow such Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Share, that any Hedging Party is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) such Share at 
a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the lowest rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such Share 
as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Reference Index means, in respect of a Share which is the subject of a Share Substitution, an 
index selected by the Calculation Agent (a) in respect of which such Share is, or has been at 
some time during the immediately preceding six months, a component; and (b) in respect of 
which (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) futures contracts are actively traded. If more 
than one index satisfies the criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine which of such indices shall be the Reference Index. If no index satisfies the 
criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall select the Reference 
Index by reference to such criteria it deems appropriate. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures

--- Page 259 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
233
 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED 
THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). Where "All 
Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Related Exchange in 
respect of a Share, then "Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Share. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an 
Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Share, the scheduled weekday closing 
time on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on 
such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange in respect of such Share is scheduled to be open for trading for its 
respective regular trading session. 
Share means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Share Company means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Share Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Stapled Share means each Share in respect of which Stapled Share is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the official 
closing price of such Share on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable Electronic 
Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time. 
In the case of a Share the relevant Exchange of which is in the Republic of Italy, such closing 
price shall be the "Prezzo di Referimento". 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the price of such Share 
observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable Electronic 
Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Share, the time at which the price of such Share is being determined during such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
(c) 
Dividend Adjusted Performance 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dividend Adjusted Performance" to be applicable 
in respect of a Share which is an Interest Underlying(s), Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s) and/or Redemption Underlying(s), the definition of "Underlying Closing Level" 
in respect of such Share where it is an Interest Underlying(s), Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 260 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
234
 
Underlying(s) and/or Redemption Underlying(s) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be as 
follows: 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
where such day (t) is the Start Date (where t = 0), the Underlying Closing Level 
shall be the Price on the Start Date or the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no amount is specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Closing Level shall be the Price on 
the Start Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of any day (t) falling after the Start Date, an amount calculated for such 
day in accordance with the following formula: 
UCLt = 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (UCLt−1 ×
Pricet × AFt
Pricet−1 × AFt−1
) −(TDt × act(t −1, t)
365
)] 
Where: 
act(t-1,t) means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day 
(t), the number of calendar days falling in the period commencing from, and 
including, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day and ending on, but 
excluding, such Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
Adjustment Factor means, in respect of a Share and: 
(a) 
the Start Date, one; and  
(b) 
any Scheduled Trading Day (t) falling thereafter, the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent for such day in accordance with the following 
formula: 
AFt = ∏Price(ex)t + RDt
Price(ex)t
𝑡
𝑡=0
 
Where: 
Actual Ex-Dividend Date means, in respect of a Share and a Real 
Dividend, the first date on which the Share trades on the relevant Exchange 
without the right to receive such Real Dividend, as specified for such Share 
on the relevant Dividend Screen Page. 
Applicable Percentage means, in respect of a Share, the percentage 
(which may be 100 per cent. but which shall not be less than zero or more 
than 100 per cent.) specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no 
percentage is specified or the Applicable Percentage is specified to be not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, zero. 
Dividend Screen Page means, in respect of a Share, the display page, 
other published source, information vendor or provider specified for such 
Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor display page, other 
published source, information vendor or provider determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Net Dividend means, in respect of a Share and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, a gross cash dividend in respect of such Share (other 
than any extraordinary or special dividend and prior to deduction of any 
applicable taxes, charges or expenses) that would be received by a holder 
of record of such Share, multiplied by the relevant Applicable Percentage 
of such cash dividend.

--- Page 261 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
235
 
Price(ex)t means, in respect of a Share and an Actual Ex-Dividend Date 
in respect of such Share or a day (t), the Price of such Share on the first 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day corresponding to 
such Actual Ex-Dividend Date or such day (t), as applicable. 
RDt means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t), (i) if such Scheduled 
Trading Day (t) is an Actual Ex-Dividend Date, the Real Dividend for such 
day, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
Real Dividend or RD means, in respect of a Share and an Actual Ex-
Dividend Date for such Share, the Net Dividend declared in respect of such 
Share in respect of such Actual Ex-Dividend Date, as specified on the 
Dividend Screen Page. If a Real Dividend is payable in a currency (the 
Real Dividend Currency) other than the currency in which such Share is 
quoted on the relevant Exchange (the Underlying Share Currency), then 
the amount of the Real Dividend shall be converted into the relevant 
Underlying Share Currency using the prevailing spot rate of exchange of 
the Real Dividend Currency for the Underlying Share Currency, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Start Date means, in respect of a Share, the Interest Strike Date, and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date and/or Redemption Strike Date 
in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
AFt means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day (t), the 
Adjustment Factor in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
AFt-1 means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day (t), the 
Adjustment Factor in respect of the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
UCLt means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day (t), the 
Underlying Closing Level in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
UCLt-1 means the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
Price means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, the official closing price of such 
Share on such day, as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page. 
Pricet means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading 
Day (t), the Price of such Share in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
Pricet-1 means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading 
Day (t), the Price of such Share in respect of the Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
Scheduled Trading Day (t) means, in respect of a Share, a particular day (t) which is a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Share. 
Target Dividend means in respect of a Share, the amount specified for such Share in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
TDt means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day 
(t), the Target Dividend in respect of the Share and Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Share on 
which any of the events set out below occurs:

--- Page 262 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
236
 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange; or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Share; or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for such Share; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Share; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Share prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Share and the relevant 
Share Company (as relevant): (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, a De-stapling Event, an 
Insolvency, a Merger Event, a Nationalisation, a Tender Offer and a Component Share 
Additional Adjustment Event (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation 
to Share Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares, unless resulting in a 
Merger Event; or

--- Page 263 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
237
 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Shares of (A) an additional 
amount of such Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to 
payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant Share 
Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares; or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Share Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their prevailing market price, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a call by a Share Company in respect of relevant Shares which are not fully paid; or 
(vi) 
a repurchase by a Share Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares, whether 
out of profits or capital, and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(vii) 
in respect of a Share Company, an event which results in any shareholder rights being 
diluted or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital 
stock of such Share Company, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers which provides (upon the occurrence of certain events) 
for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price 
below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent (PROVIDED THAT 
any adjustment effected as a result of such an event may, in the discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); or 
(viii) any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
Delisting means, in respect of relevant Shares, that the relevant Exchange announces that, 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) 
and are not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is located 
within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation system (that 
is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed 
acceptable by the Calculation Agent). 
(c) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Share Company, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting such Share Company, (A) all the Shares of such Share Company are 
required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of Shares of such Share 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring such Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event 
occurs in respect of such Share Company. 
Insolvency Officer means, an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition

--- Page 264 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
238
 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has 
a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) such entity causes or is subject to any event which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) 
to (vi) above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a 
regulator, supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
in the jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares outstanding to another entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share 
Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which such Share Company is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
of the relevant Share Company, which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than those Shares owned or controlled by 
such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Share Company is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in the reclassification or change of all 
such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than those Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such 
event, 
in each case if the "Merger Date" is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date in respect of the Securities or (B) in the case of Physical 
Settlement Securities, the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, 
Merger Date means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of a Share Company, that all the Shares or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of such Share Company are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof.

--- Page 265 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
239
 
(f) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of a Share Company, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or 
person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of 
such Share Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
(g) 
De-stapling Event 
De-stapling Event means, in respect of any Share which is a Stapled Share, the Component 
Shares are, or are deemed to be, no longer trading as a single stapled security on the relevant 
Exchange. 
(h) 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event means, in respect of any Share which is a 
Stapled Share, the following event(s) in respect of a Component Share thereof and the relevant 
Component Share Company (as relevant): a Corporate Action, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, 
a Nationalisation and a Tender Offer (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in 
relation to Share Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms). For such purposes, each reference to a Share or Shares or (as the case 
may be) Share Company in the definitions of Corporate Action, Insolvency, Merger Event, 
Nationalisation, Tender Offer, Extraordinary Dividend and related definitions and terms shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Component Share or Component Shares or (as the 
case may be) the relevant Component Share Company. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Share. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Share, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Share Substitution 
If Share Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any adjustment 
made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a Share 
Substitution. 
Share Substitution means 
(i) 
in relation to an Adjustment Event and a Share (other than a Stapled Share), the 
replacement of a Share the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new share selected 
by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). Such new share shall be deemed to be a Share in place 
of the Share the subject of the Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
in relation to an Adjustment Event and a Share which is a Stapled Share or a Component 
Share of a Stapled Share, the replacement of such Share and/or any or each Component 
Share of such Share (regardless of whether such Share or Component Share is the subject 
of such Adjustment Event) with a new share or new shares selected by the Calculation 
Agent (which (in respect of a Share) shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (regardless of whether such new share is a Stapled Share) 
or which (in respect of a Component Share) shall be a share selected by the Calculation

--- Page 266 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
240
 
Agent (regardless of whether such share is contained in the Reference Index)). Such new 
share shall be deemed to be a Share in place of the relevant Share or, as the case may be, 
a Component Share in place of the relevant Component Share. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Share on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for a Share solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of a Share, notwithstanding that such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Share because one or more such Related Exchanges is not scheduled to 
be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted Day solely 
because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (A) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Share; (B) 
any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related Exchange; and 
(C) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 267 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
241
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Depositary Receipt". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Depositary Receipts. 
1. 
Definitions 
(a) 
Definitions applicable to the Depositary Receipts 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Deposit Agreement means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the agreement(s) or other 
instrument(s) constituting such Depositary Receipt, as from time to time amended or 
supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
Depositary means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the issuer of such Depositary Receipt. 
Depositary Receipt means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Depositary Receipt Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Depositary Receipt Exchange means in respect of a Depositary Receipt, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue 
Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt on which each Depositary Receipt 
Exchange and each Depositary Receipt Related Exchange for such Depositary Receipt are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such Depositary 
Receipt Exchange or Depositary Receipt Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange means in respect of a Depositary Receipt, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such 
Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). Where "All Exchanges" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Depositary Receipt Related Exchange 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, then Depositary Receipt Related Exchange means each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Depositary Receipt. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, that any Hedging 
Party would incur a rate to borrow such Depositary Receipt that is greater than the Initial Stock 
Loan Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred to borrow such Depositary Receipt as of the Trade Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 268 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
242
 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, that any Hedging Party is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) 
such Depositary Receipt at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the lowest rate that any 
Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such 
Depositary Receipt as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Definitions applicable to the relevant Underlying Shares in respect of which the Depositary 
Receipts are issued 
Underlying Share means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the underlying share(s) or other 
securities in respect of which such Depositary Receipt is issued. 
Underlying Share Company means, in respect of an Underlying Share, the issuer of such 
Underlying Share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Share Exchange means in respect of an Underlying Share, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Underlying Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Underlying Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an Underlying Share and 
where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to the related Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt on which 
each Underlying Share Exchange and each Underlying Share Related Exchange for such 
Underlying Share, are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Underlying Share Exchange or Underlying Share Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Underlying Share Related Exchange means in respect of an Underlying Share, each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Underlying Share in the applicable Issue Terms 
or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying 
Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original exchange or quotation system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the applicable Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of an Underlying 
Share, then Underlying Share Related Exchange means each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share. 
(c) 
Definitions applicable to both the Depositary Receipts and the Underlying Shares in respect of 
which the Depositary Receipts are issued 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt or an Underlying Share, a 
dividend or a distribution or a portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to 
be an extraordinary dividend relating to such Depositary Receipt or Underlying Share (as 
relevant). 
Scheduled Closing Time means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, a Scheduled Trading Day and a Depositary Receipt 
Exchange or a Depositary Receipt Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Depositary 
Receipt, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Depositary Receipt Exchange or 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Depositary Receipt Exchange or Depositary Receipt Related Exchange; and

--- Page 269 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
243
 
(ii) 
in respect of an Underlying Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an Underlying Share 
Exchange or an Underlying Share Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Underlying 
Share, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Underlying Share Exchange or 
Underlying Share Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to 
after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Underlying Share Exchange or Underlying Share Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, any day on which each 
Depositary Receipt Exchange and each Depositary Receipt Related Exchange in respect of such 
Depositary Receipt and, where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to such 
Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, each Underlying Share Exchange and each 
Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of the relevant Underlying Share is scheduled to 
be open for trading for its respective regular trading session. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing price of such Depositary Receipt on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and a Valuation Date, the price of 
such Depositary Receipt observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Underlying Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, the time at which the price of such 
Depositary Receipt is being determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
If "Full Lookthrough" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then sub-paragraph (a) to sub 
paragraph (n) below (inclusive) shall apply. 
If "Partial Lookthrough" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then sub-paragraph (a) to sub 
paragraph (g) below (inclusive) only shall apply. 
Disrupted Day means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Depositary Receipt on which any of the applicable events set out below occurs. 
In respect of such Depositary Receipt 
(a) 
any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange or any relevant Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Depositary Receipt 
Exchange of the Depositary Receipt; or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Depositary Receipt Related

--- Page 270 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
244
 
Exchange of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt; 
or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for such Depositary Receipt; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Depositary Receipt Related Exchange) 
to effect transactions in or to obtain markets values for any futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Depositary 
Receipt Exchange Business Day of any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Depositary Receipt Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Depositary Receipt Exchange on 
such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Depositary Receipt Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business 
Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Depositary 
Receipt Exchange Business Day of any Depositary Receipt Related Exchange in respect 
of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange on such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for 
the submission of orders to be entered into such Depositary Receipt Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Depositary Receipt 
Exchange Business Day); 
In respect of the relevant Underlying Shares in respect of such Depositary Receipt 
(h) 
any relevant Underlying Share Exchange or any relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Underlying Share Exchange 
of the Underlying Share; or 
(j) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share; or 
(k) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (m) or sub-paragraph (n) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability

--- Page 271 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
245
 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Underlying Share Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for such Underlying Share; or 
(l) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (m) or sub-paragraph (n) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Underlying Share Related Exchange) 
to effect transactions in or to obtain markets values for any futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Underlying Share; or 
(m) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Underlying 
Share Exchange Business Day of any relevant Underlying Share Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Underlying Share Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Underlying Share Exchange on such 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of 
orders to be entered into such Underlying Share Exchange system for execution at the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Underlying Share Exchange Business Day); or 
(n) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Underlying 
Share Exchange Business Day of any Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Underlying Share Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Underlying Share Related Exchange 
on such Underlying Share Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Underlying Share Related Exchange system 
for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Underlying Share Exchange 
Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the 
relevant Depositary, the related Underlying Share and the relevant Underlying Share Company 
(as relevant): (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, a Tender Offer and an Underlying Share Event (but in each case only if the 
relevant event is specified in relation to Depositary Receipt Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment 
Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption 
Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares, unless resulting in a Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares 
to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Depositary Receipts 
and/or Underlying Shares of (A) an additional amount of such Depositary Receipts 
and/or such Underlying Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant Depositary 
or Underlying Share Company (as relevant) equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as relevant); or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Depositary or Underlying Share Company as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or

--- Page 272 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
246
 
other assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a call by a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company in respect of relevant Depositary 
Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant), in each case, which are not fully paid; 
or 
(vi) 
a repurchase by a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company or any of its subsidiaries 
of relevant Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as relevant), in each case, whether 
out of profits or capital, and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(vii) 
in respect of a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, an event which results in 
any shareholder rights being diluted or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of such Depositary or such Underlying Share 
Company, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers which provides (upon the occurrence of certain events) for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market 
value as determined by the Calculation Agent (PROVIDED THAT any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event may, in the discretion of the Calculation Agent, be 
readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); or 
(viii) any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares; or 
(ix) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of a relevant Deposit 
Agreement; or 
(x) 
a distribution in respect of relevant Underlying Shares to the holders of such Underlying 
Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights relating to such Underlying Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
Delisting means: 
(i) 
where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to a Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares, that the relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or the relevant 
Underlying Share Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Depositary 
Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share Exchange, such Depositary Receipts 
and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and are not (or 
will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such 
Underlying Share Exchange (or, where such Depositary Receipt Exchange or such 
Underlying Share Exchange is located within the European Union, in any Member State) 
or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation 
Agent) located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent); 
or 
(ii) 
where "Partial Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to a Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or, where 
an Underlying Share Exchange is specified in respect of an Underlying Share in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such Underlying Shares, that the relevant Depositary Receipt 
Exchange and/or the relevant Underlying Share Exchange announces that, pursuant to 
the rules of such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share Exchange, 
such Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) cease (or will cease) to 
be listed, traded or publicly quoted on such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such

--- Page 273 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
247
 
Underlying Share Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) 
and (A) such Depositary Receipt is not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded 
or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as such 
Depositary Receipt Exchange (or, where such Depositary Receipt Exchange is located 
within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation 
system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country 
(that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent); or (B) such Underlying Share is 
not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system regardless of the location of such exchange or quotation system. 
(c) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, that either (i) 
by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the relevant Depositary or Underlying 
Share Company (as relevant), (A) all the Depositary Receipts of such Depositary and/or all the 
Underlying Shares of such Underlying Share Company are required to be transferred to an 
Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying Shares 
become legally prohibited from transferring such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as 
relevant); or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such Depositary or such Underlying 
Share Company. 
Insolvency Officer means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer of all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or any Underlying Shares, 
any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares which 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary 
Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) outstanding to another entity or person; 
or

--- Page 274 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
248
 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Depositary or the relevant Underlying Share Company with or into another entity (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Depositary and/or Underlying Share Company is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Depositary Receipts or all such 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying 
Shares (other than those Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Depositary or its subsidiaries or the relevant Underlying Share Company or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Depositary or such Underlying 
Share Company (as relevant) is the continuing entity and which does not result in the 
reclassification or change of all such Depositary Receipts and/or all such Underlying 
Shares (as relevant) outstanding but results in the outstanding Depositary Receipts or 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) (other than those Depositary Receipts or Underlying 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Depositary Receipts or 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Settlement Securities, the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing 
date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means that all the Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Depositary and/or such Underlying Share Company 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(f) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of a Depositary and/or an Underlying Share Company, a 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding voting shares of such Depositary or such Underlying Share Company 
(as relevant), as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
(g) 
Underlying Share Event 
Underlying Share Event means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, (i) written instructions are 
given at any time by the relevant Underlying Share Company to the relevant Depositary to 
withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; or (ii) the relevant Deposit Agreement is at any 
time terminated. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Depositary Receipt. 
6. 
Additional Provisions

--- Page 275 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
249
 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Depositary Receipt Substitution 
If Depositary Receipt Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a 
Depositary Receipt Substitution. 
Depositary Receipt Substitution means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement 
of a Depositary Receipt (the Affected Depositary Receipt) and/or an Underlying Share (the 
Affected Underlying Share) the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new depositary receipt 
selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a depositary receipt with the Same Underlying 
Share and Currency or selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or share selected by the Calculation Agent 
(which shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or selected by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) (the 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria). Such new depositary receipt shall be deemed to be 
a Depositary Receipt in place of the Affected Depositary Receipt and/or such new share shall 
be deemed to be an Underlying Share in place of the Affected Underlying Share. 
Same Underlying Share and Currency shall mean, in respect of an Affected Depositary 
Receipt, a depositary receipt issued in respect of the same existing Underlying Share as the 
Affected Depositary Receipt and denominated in the same currency as the Affected Depositary 
Receipt. If no such replacement depositary receipt is selected or available, then the relevant 
Underlying Share shall be substituted in accordance with the Depositary Receipt Substitution 
Criteria for an Affected Underlying Share and the replacement depositary receipt shall be a 
depositary receipt issued in respect of such replacement Underlying Share. 
Reference Index shall mean, in respect of an Affected Underlying Share, the index (a) of which 
such Affected Underlying Share is a component or of which it has been a component at any time 
during the six months immediately preceding the relevant substitution; and (b) over which 
futures contracts are actively traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If more than one 
index satisfies the criteria in (a) and (b) above, or if no index satisfies the criteria in (a) and (b) 
above, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Index for such Affected 
Underlying Share by reference to such criteria as it deems appropriate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Depositary Receipt on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchanges and/or, if "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, one or more relevant Underlying Share Related Exchanges is/are not scheduled 
to be open; and/or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for the relevant Depositary Receipt solely because any relevant 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or, if "Full Lookthrough" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, one or more relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchanges fails to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of a Depositary Receipt, notwithstanding that such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt because one or more relevant Depositary 
Receipt Related Exchanges and/or Underlying Share Related Exchanges is/are not scheduled to

--- Page 276 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
250
 
be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted Day solely 
because any relevant Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or any relevant Underlying 
Share Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Depositary 
Receipt; (II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or any such relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange; or (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
Manner in which an adjustment may be made in response to an Adjustment Event 
The adjustment(s) made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may (but 
need not) be determined by reference to any adjustment in respect of such Adjustment Event 
made by the relevant Depositary under the relevant Deposit Agreement.

--- Page 277 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
251
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"ETF Share". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to ETF Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
ETF Share means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exchange means, in respect of an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such in respect of such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in such ETF Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for 
such ETF Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such ETF Share is 
open for trading during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of an ETF Share, a dividend or a distribution or a 
portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend 
relating to such ETF Share. 
Fund means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Fund Administrator means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the fund 
administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Fund in respect of such ETF Share according to the Fund Documents 
of such Fund and such ETF Share. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any person appointed 
in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser 
(including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to 
another non-discretionary investment adviser) to such Fund in respect of such ETF Share, or 
any successor. 
Fund Documents means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the constitutive and 
governing documents of such Fund in respect of such ETF Share, and the subscription 
agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such ETF Shares and as amended 
from time to time. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any person 
who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Fund in respect of such 
ETF Share, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund Documents or any successor, including 
without limitation any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, 
depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer 
agent or domiciliary agent. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, in respect of an ETF Share, that any Hedging Party 
would incur a rate to borrow such ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 278 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
252
 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of an ETF Share, the rate that any Hedging Party 
would have incurred to borrow such ETF Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, in respect of an ETF Share, that any Hedging Party is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) such ETF 
Share at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of an ETF Share, the lowest rate that any 
Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such 
ETF Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable 
Related Exchange in respect of an ETF Share, then Related Exchange means each exchange or 
quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
on the overall market for futures contracts or option contracts relating to such ETF Share. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an 
Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such ETF Share, the scheduled weekday 
closing time on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without 
regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an ETF Share, any day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange in respect of such ETF Share is scheduled to be open for trading for 
its respective regular trading session. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of an ETF Share and a Valuation Date, the official 
closing price of such ETF Share on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of an ETF Share and a Valuation Date, the price of such 
ETF Share observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the time at which the price of such ETF Share is being determined during such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF 
Share on which any of the events set out below occurs:

--- Page 279 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
253
 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of the ETF Share; 
or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share; or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for such ETF Share; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such ETF Share; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Exchange for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such ETF Share prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange on 
such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the deadline for the submission of orders to be 
entered into such Related Exchange for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of an ETF Share and the 
relevant Fund: (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, a Tender Offer, a Fund Modification, a Strategy Breach, a Regulatory Action 
and a Cross-contamination (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation to 
Exchange Trade Funded (ETF) Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means:

--- Page 280 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
254
 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares, unless resulting 
in a Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant ETF Shares to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant ETF Shares of (A) an 
additional amount of such ETF Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant 
Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares; or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or 
(D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment 
(whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their prevailing market price, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Fund of relevant ETF Shares, whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash or otherwise other than in respect of a redemption of ETF Shares 
initiated by an investor in such ETF Share that is consistent with the relevant Fund 
Documents; or 
(vi) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
Delisting means, in respect of relevant ETF Shares, that the relevant Exchange announces that, 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded 
or publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer) and are not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is 
located within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation 
system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is 
deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent). 
(c) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Fund, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous proceeding 
affecting such Fund, (A) all the ETF Shares are required to be transferred to an Insolvency 
Officer; or (B) holders of such ETF Shares of such Fund become legally prohibited from 
transferring or redeeming such ETF Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such 
Fund or any of its Fund Service Providers. 
Insolvency Officer means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or (y) the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained,

--- Page 281 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
255
 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such ETF Shares which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or 
person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Fund 
with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange in which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF 
Shares of the relevant Fund, which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than those ETF Shares owned or controlled by 
such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Fund 
with or into another entity in which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in the reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but results 
in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than those ETF Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per 
cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Settlement Securities, the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing 
date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of a Fund, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of such 
Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings with governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(f) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of a Fund, that all the ETF Shares of such Fund or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof.

--- Page 282 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
256
 
(g) 
Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any change or 
modification of the Fund Documents of such Fund in respect of such ETF Share which could 
reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies 
of any holder of any ETF Share as compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the 
Trade Date. 
(h) 
Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any breach or 
violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents of such Fund 
in respect of such ETF Share which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, to affect: (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of 
any such ETF Share as compared with those rights or remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(i) 
Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, (i) the cancellation, 
suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund or such ETF Share by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund or such ETF Share; (ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of such ETF Share, such Fund 
or its Fund Adviser which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETF Share or on any investor in such ETF Share; 
or (iii) such Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or its Fund Adviser becomes subject to any 
investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting 
from the operation of such Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
(j) 
Cross-contamination 
Cross-contamination means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the occurrence 
of a cross-contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different 
classes, series or sub-funds of such Fund, and such event continues, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of an ETF Share. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of an ETF Share, two Business Days. 
(b) 
ETF Share Substitution 
If ETF Share Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include an 
ETF Share Substitution. 
ETF Share Substitution means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement of an ETF 
Share the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new exchange-traded fund share selected by 
the Calculation Agent (which shall be an exchange-traded fund share which tracks the Related 
Index or another index having the same or substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as the Related Index or selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any 
other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (the ETF Share Substitution 
Criteria)). Such new exchange-traded fund share shall be deemed to be an ETF Share in place 
of the ETF Share the subject of the Adjustment Event.

--- Page 283 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
257
 
For which purposes, "Related Index" means, in respect of an ETF Share, either (a) the index 
specified for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) where no index is specified 
for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms, an index representing a substantially similar 
industry and sector, with reference to comparable implied volatility, forward value and liquidity 
relative to the index tracked by such ETF Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
more than one index satisfies the criteria in (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Related Index for such ETF Share by reference to such criteria as it deems 
appropriate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an ETF Share on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for an ETF Share solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails to 
open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of an ETF Share, notwithstanding that such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share because one or more such Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted 
Day solely because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected ETF Share; 
(II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related Exchange; 
and (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 284 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
258
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Mutual Fund Interest". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Mutual Funds. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Fees or Charges Event, Fund Adviser Event, 
Holding Ratio Change, Limitation Event, NAV Trigger Event, New Information Event, Non 
Currency Redemption, Asset Trigger Event, Delisting and/or Related Agreement Termination, 
in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Actual Interim Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a date on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) actually determines the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund 
Interest of such Mutual Fund or, if such Mutual Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, 
a date on which such Mutual Fund actually determines its aggregate net asset value. 
Actual Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a date on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) would determine the value (however expressed) of a Mutual Fund 
Interest of such Mutual Fund, for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid 
to a Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid and timely redemption notice for a 
redemption of such Mutual Fund Interests. 
Asset Trigger Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the aggregate net asset value of the 
Mutual Fund Interests held by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is more than 10 per cent. of 
the aggregate net asset value of such Mutual Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at 
any time. 
Delisting means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, that the relevant Exchange (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such 
Mutual Fund Interest ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on such 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event) and is not (or will not be) immediately re-
listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country 
as the Exchange or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the 
Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation 
Agent). 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, a dividend or a 
distribution or portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an 
extraordinary dividend relating to such Mutual Fund Interest. 
Fees or Charges Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the imposition of any fees or 
charges in relation to redemptions, subscriptions or transfers of relevant Mutual Fund Interests 
other than any such fee or charge in existence on the Trade Date. 
Fund Administrator means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest according to the 
Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund and such Mutual Fund Interest, or any successor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary 
investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary 
investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) to such Mutual Fund 
in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest, or any successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 285 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
259
 
Fund Adviser Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that the Calculation Agent determines 
(a) that at any time after the Trade Date, the total value of the assets managed by the relevant 
Fund Adviser (including in relation to such Mutual Fund) is equal to or less than 100,000,000 
United States dollars (or its equivalent) or such other amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (the AUM Threshold) or (b) that over any period of twelve months, the total value of the 
assets managed by the relevant Fund Adviser (including in relation to such Mutual Fund) has 
decreased by fifty per cent. (either due to redemptions or decrease in the value of such assets or 
otherwise). 
Fund Documents means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, the 
constitutive and governing documents of such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund 
Interest and the subscription agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such 
Mutual Fund Interests and as amended from time to time. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual 
Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Mutual 
Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund 
Documents or any successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, including without limitation 
any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary 
agent. 
Holding Ratio Change means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the reduction of such Mutual Fund's 
aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
has, or is likely to have, a material adverse effect on the performance or management of such 
Mutual Fund or would increase the proportion of the Mutual Fund Interests held, or likely to be 
held, by any Hedging Party, to the extent that the full redemption of the Mutual Fund Interests 
held by such Hedging Party is likely to be delayed or become subject to "gating" by such Mutual 
Fund. 
Hypothetical Investor means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, a hypothetical investor in Mutual 
Fund Interests of such Mutual Fund deemed (a) to have the benefits and obligations, as provided 
in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding, as of the Trade Date, an interest in such 
Mutual Fund equal to the relevant number (determined by the Calculation Agent) of such 
Mutual Fund Interests; (b) in the case of any deemed investment in such Mutual Fund Interests, 
to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice requesting a subscription for the relevant 
number of such Mutual Fund Interests; and (c) in the case of any deemed redemption of an 
investment in such Mutual Fund Interests, to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice 
requesting a redemption of the relevant number of such Mutual Fund Interests. 
Limitation Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (a) a material limitation is imposed on 
dealings in any relevant Mutual Fund Interests, (b) such Mutual Fund's dealing schedule is 
changed (including, but not limited to, a change in notice periods for redemptions or imposition 
of gating provisions), (c) subscription and/or redemption liquidity in any relevant Mutual Fund 
Interests is reduced, (d) there is a material reduction in the assets under management of such 
Mutual Fund since the Trade Date or (e) any other event occurs which restricts, in whole or in 
part (on a permanent or temporary basis), dealings of any nature with respect to any relevant 
Mutual Fund Interest (whether or not the relevant event occurs pursuant to any provisions 
permitting such Mutual Fund to restrict in any way dealings with respect to the relevant Mutual 
Fund Interest). 
Mutual Fund means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, the issuer of such Mutual Fund 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mutual Fund Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Mutual Fund Interest means each mutual fund share or unit classified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
NAV Trigger Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (i) if a NAV Trigger Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that at any time after the Trade Date, the Relevant Price

--- Page 286 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
260
 
of the Mutual Fund as determined by the Calculation Agent on any Actual Interim Valuation 
Date or Actual Redemption Valuation Date has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater 
than, such NAV Trigger Percentage or (ii)such Mutual Fund has violated any leverage 
restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, it or its assets by operation of any law, any order or 
judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
relevant Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Mutual Fund 
or any of its assets. 
NAV Trigger Percentage means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the percentage, if any, specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
New Information Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (a) any information provided to 
the Calculation Agent by or in connection with such Mutual Fund, the relevant Fund Adviser, 
the relevant Fund Administrator or other Fund Service Provider is misleading or inaccurate in 
any respect or (b) the publication or dissemination (through any medium) of information is or 
becomes available which, if considered by itself or with information previously provided to the 
Calculation Agent, would be likely to cause a Hypothetical Investor to refrain from investing in 
or to seek to realise any investment in any relevant Mutual Fund Interests, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Non Currency Redemption means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, any relevant Mutual Fund 
Interests are redeemed otherwise than in cash or are redeemed in a currency(ies) other than the 
currency(ies) in which as of the Trade Date (and according to the relevant Fund Documents or 
as otherwise communicated to the Calculation Agent) it is intended redemptions of the relevant 
Mutual Fund Interests shall occur. 
Related Agreement Termination means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, such Mutual Fund or 
any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser or other relevant party specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms is in breach of or has terminated any existing agreement with the Issuer or any of 
its Affiliates or agents in respect of, but not limited to, retrocession, dealing fees, liquidity and 
licensing. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, the value of such Mutual Fund 
Interest as reported by the Fund Service Provider that generally reports such value on behalf of 
the relevant Mutual Fund to its investors or a publishing service and displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, any Scheduled Interim Valuation 
Date in respect of such Mutual Fund and/or any Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date in 
respect of such Mutual Fund, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Interim Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, any day on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) is scheduled according to the Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund in 
respect of such Mutual Fund Interest (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of such Mutual 
Fund Interests) to determine the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund Interest or, if 
such Mutual Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, the date as of which such Mutual 
Fund is scheduled to determine its aggregate net asset value. 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the 
related Mutual Fund, any day on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which 
generally determines such value) is scheduled according to the Fund Documents of such Mutual 
Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of 
such Mutual Fund Interests) to determine the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund 
Interest, for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to a Hypothetical 
Investor who has submitted a valid and timely redemption notice for a redemption of such 
Mutual Fund Interests (such redemption to be effected on the basis of the value determined as 
of such day).

--- Page 287 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
261
 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and a Valuation Date, 
the Relevant Price of such Mutual Fund Interest in respect of such Valuation Date either (a) 
where Same Day Publication is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on such 
Valuation Date (and in which circumstances, where the level of such Mutual Fund Interest is 
published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, the level for that Valuation Date will have 
been the level calculated for the Mutual Fund Interest for or in respect of a preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day Publication is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances the level for that Valuation 
Date may be published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day). 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to a Mutual Fund Interest. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Mutual Fund Interest on which there is: 
(i) 
in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be Scheduled Interim Valuation Dates, a failure of any Scheduled Interim Valuation 
Date to be an Actual Interim Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be Scheduled Redemption Valuation Dates, a failure of any Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date to be an Actual Redemption Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
a failure by such Mutual Fund on or before such day to pay the full amount (whether 
expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of any fund redemption proceeds with respect to 
any Mutual Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or before such day according 
to the relevant Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of 
Mutual Fund Interests). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest 
and the related Mutual Fund: (i) a Corporate Action, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, an Adviser Resignation Event, a Fund Modification, a Strategy Breach, a 
Regulatory Action, a Reporting Disruption, a Cross-contamination, and a Failure by a Fund 
Service Provider (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation to Mutual 
Fund Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Mutual Fund Interests, unless 
resulting in Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Mutual Fund Interests to existing holders by 
way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Mutual Fund Interests of 
(A) an additional amount of such Mutual Fund Interests; or (B) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the 
liquidation of the relevant Mutual Fund equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Mutual Fund Interests; or (C) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the relevant Mutual Fund as 
a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights

--- Page 288 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
262
 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less 
than their prevailing market price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Mutual Fund of relevant Mutual Fund Interests, whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise other than in respect of 
a redemption of Mutual Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such Mutual Fund 
Interests that is consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or 
(vi) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Mutual Fund Interests. 
(b) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting such Mutual Fund, (A) all the Mutual Fund Interest of such Mutual Fund 
are required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of Mutual Fund Interests 
of such Mutual Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming such Mutual 
Fund Interests; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such Mutual Fund or any of its 
Fund Service Providers. 
Insolvency Officer means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or (y) the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(c) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Mutual Fund Interest, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Mutual Fund Interest which results in a transfer of or 
an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Mutual Fund Interests outstanding to 
another entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Mutual 
Fund with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or

--- Page 289 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
263
 
binding share exchange in which such Mutual Fund is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Mutual Fund Interests 
outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Mutual 
Fund Interests of the relevant Mutual Fund, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Mutual Fund Interests (other than those 
Mutual Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Mutual 
Fund with or into another entity in which such Mutual Fund is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in the reclassification or change of all such Mutual Fund Interests 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Mutual Fund Interests (other than those Mutual 
Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Mutual Fund Interests 
immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Settlement Securities, the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing 
date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that all the Mutual Fund Interests of such 
Mutual Fund or all the assets or substantially all the assets of such Mutual Fund are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, 
entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(e) 
Adviser Resignation Event 
Adviser Resignation Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual 
Fund, the resignation, termination of the appointment or replacement of the Fund Adviser in 
respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and any such Fund Adviser is not immediately replaced 
by another fund adviser acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
any change or modification of the Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund in respect of such 
Mutual Fund Interest which could reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such Mutual 
Fund Interest; or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any Mutual Fund Interest as 
compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(g) 
Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents of 
such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest which is reasonably likely, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, to affect (i) the value of such Mutual Fund Interest; or 
(ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any such Mutual Fund Interest as compared with 
those rights or remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(h) 
Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
(i) the cancellation, suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such Mutual Fund 
or such Mutual Fund Interest by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over 
such Mutual Fund or such Mutual Fund Interest; (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or 
regulatory treatment of such Mutual Fund Interest, such Mutual Fund or its Fund Adviser which

--- Page 290 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
264
 
is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact 
on the value of such Mutual Fund Interest or on any investor in such Mutual Fund Interest; or 
(iii) such Mutual Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or its Fund Adviser becomes subject to 
any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting 
from the operation of such Mutual Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
(i) 
Reporting Disruption 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
the occurrence of any event affecting such Mutual Fund which would make it impossible or 
impracticable to determine the value of such Mutual Fund Interest, and such event continues, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
(j) 
Cross-contamination 
Cross-contamination means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the occurrence of a cross-
contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different classes, series or 
sub-funds of such Mutual Fund. 
(k) 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a failure by a Fund Service Provider in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and 
such Mutual Fund to perform any of its obligations in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and 
such Mutual Fund and such Fund Service Provider is not immediately replaced by another fund 
service provider acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Mutual Fund if 
Mutual Fund Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no Monetisation can reasonably 
be effected under Mutual Fund Condition 6(d) (Adjustments following an Adjustment Event). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution 
If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a 
Mutual Fund Substitution. 
Mutual Fund Substitution means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement of a 
Mutual Fund Interest (the Affected Mutual Fund) the subject of such Adjustment Event with 
a new mutual fund share or unit selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be an Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest or selected in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) (the Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria). Such new mutual fund 
share or unit shall be deemed to be a Mutual Fund Interest in place of the Affected Mutual Fund 
Interest. 
Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest means a mutual fund share or unit in a fund which is a 
mutual fund which: 
(i) 
if "Liquidity" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria in 
the applicable Issue Terms, provides daily liquidity (subject to certain exceptions 
specified in the relevant fund documents acceptable to the Calculation Agent and 
conforming to accepted market standards) and the shares or units of which (however

--- Page 291 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
265
 
described in the relevant fund documents) may be subscribed or sold to or redeemed by 
the relevant fund at a value equal to the net asset value on a fund business day (however 
described in the relevant fund documents) (subject to exceptions as aforesaid) by giving 
no more than two fund business days' notice, without the imposition of any charges by 
such fund in respect of such subscription, sale or redemption;  
(ii) 
if "Similar Strategy" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
Criteria in the applicable Issue Terms, which has the same or substantially similar 
strategies as the Affected Mutual Fund; and  
(iii) 
if "Same Currency" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria 
in the applicable Issue Terms, has the same currency as the Affected Mutual Fund.  
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Mutual Fund Interest on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments following an Adjustment Event 
Any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event pursuant to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) (Adjustment Events) may include substitution of the 
relevant Underlying in whole or in part as specified therein and, in the event that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any such substitution of the relevant Underlying cannot reasonably be 
made, may, also include Monetisation in respect of the relevant Underlying and the Calculation 
Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it deems appropriate 
in relation to such Monetisation. 
For the purposes of the above, Monetisation means: 
(i) 
on a date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Affected Mutual Fund Valuation 
Date), the Calculation Agent shall value the amount of the Mutual Fund Interest affected 
by the Adjustment Event (the Affected Mutual Fund Interests) relating to a Security 
(in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) 
(such value, less any costs and expenses of unwinding any related Hedging Positions, 
the Affected Mutual Fund Value); and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall adjust the formulae or method of determining any amounts 
payable in respect of the Securities to reflect the Affected Mutual Fund Value in lieu of 
the Relevant Price of the Affected Mutual Fund Interest, and shall adjust the Redemption 
Amount to include an amount in respect of interest (compounded on a daily basis) on the 
Affected Mutual Fund Value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, accrued at an 
overnight rate relating to the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) selected by the Calculation Agent during the 
period from (and including) the Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date.

--- Page 292 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
266
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"FX Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to FX Rates or any other Securities where this Underlying Schedule is specifically 
stated to apply in the applicable Issue Terms. 
PART A 
The provisions of this Part A apply where EMTA provisions are not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
Base Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in respect 
of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Currency Pair means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and the Base 
Currency specified for such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Event Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and/or the Base 
Currency, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Event Currency Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which 
such Event Currency is the lawful currency. 
Exchange Rate means the spot rate of exchange for exchange of the relevant Quote Currency 
into the relevant Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or parts thereof) of the Quote 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) which appears on the 
relevant Electronic Page at approximately the Valuation Time, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
FX Rate means: 
(a) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is not specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the "inverse of" and/or the "product of" and/or the "quotient of" (in each 
case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) each Exchange Rate specified for such 
FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
FX Rate Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Governmental Authority means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
Non-Event Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate and the relevant Currency Pair, 
the currency of such Currency Pair which is not the Event Currency. 
Price Materiality Percentage means, in respect of Price Materiality, the percentage specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Primary Rate means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate determined as 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Quote Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in 
respect of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 293 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
267
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), or but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day would have settled payments and been open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of the Specified Financial 
Centres specified for such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Secondary Rate means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate determined 
as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Specified Financial Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Exchange 
Rate(s). 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate observed continuously 
during such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
Exchange Rate(s). 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Currency Disruption Event means any of Dual Exchange Rate, General Inconvertibility, 
General Non-Transferability, Governmental Authority Default, Illiquidity, Material Change in 
Circumstances, Nationalisation, Price Materiality, Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-
Transferability, each such term as defined below, and any other event specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Dual Exchange Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the split of any Exchange Rate specified for such FX Rate into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates. 
General Inconvertibility means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s) and 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes it 
impossible or not reasonably practicable to convert any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction through customary 
legal channels. 
General Non-Transferability means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible or not reasonably practicable to deliver (a) any relevant Non-Event Currency from 
accounts inside the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the relevant Event 
Currency Jurisdiction or (b) any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
Governmental Authority Default means, with respect to any security or indebtedness for 
borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any

--- Page 294 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
268
 
principal, interest, or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) 
in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee, (B) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation, or rescheduling of any principal, interest, 
or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or 
guarantee or (C) the amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee without the consent of all holders of such obligation. The 
determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or 
capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee. 
Illiquidity means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain a firm quote to 
determine the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) for any relevant amount at the relevant time on the relevant Valuation Date 
(or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
Material Change in Circumstances means the occurrence of an event in an Event Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of any Hedging Party which makes it impossible or not 
reasonably practicable for (i) any Hedging Party to fulfil its obligations under any Hedging 
Position and (ii) for any entity generally to fulfil obligations similar to such Hedging Party's 
obligations under any Hedging Position. 
Nationalisation means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any expropriation, 
confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by a Governmental Authority which 
deprives any Hedging Party of all or substantially all of its assets in any Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
Price Materiality means the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the Price 
Materiality Percentage, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Specific Inconvertibility means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting, 
restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party to convert 
the whole, or part thereof, of any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange or any 
current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any relevant Event Currency into the relevant 
Non-Event Currency) other than where such hindrance, limitation, restriction, impossibility or 
impracticality is due solely to the failure by such Hedging Party to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible or not reasonably practicable for such Hedging 
Party, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Specific Non-Transferability means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting, restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party 
to deliver (a) any relevant amount in any relevant Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the 
relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside such Event Currency Jurisdiction or 
(b) any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction (including, without limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any 
relevant Event Currency into the relevant Non-Event Currency), other than where such 
hindrance, limitation, restriction, impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure by 
such Hedging Party to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
or not reasonably practicable for such Hedging Party, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation).

--- Page 295 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
269
 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any Price Source 
Disruption and/or any Trading Suspension or Limitation and/or any Currency Disruption Event 
specified in respect of such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
obtain the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page). 
Repudiation means, in respect of a Governmental Authority Default, the relevant 
Governmental Authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates, or rejects, in whole or in part, or 
challenges the validity of any security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee of such 
Governmental Authority in any material respect. 
Trading Suspension or Limitation means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the suspension of and/or limitation of trading in the 
rate(s) required to calculate such FX Rate (which may be, without limitation, rates quoted on 
any over-the-counter or quotation-based market, whether regulated or unregulated) for such 
Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT such suspension or limitation of trading is material in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part A Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: after the Trade Date and on or before any relevant payment date, a relevant country 
has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated, or exchanged its currency in effect on the 
Issue Date or any lawful successor currency thereto (the Successor Currency), as the case may 
be (the Original Currency), for a Successor Currency. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Corrections of published or announced rates 
Correction Period means, in respect of an FX Rate, five Business Days. 
(b) 
Certain Published and Displayed Sources 
If any Exchange Rate is published or announced by more than one price source (including the 
relevant Electronic Page) and the Electronic Page fails to publish or announce that currency 
exchange rate on any relevant Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page), then the relevant Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as relevant) 
for such Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any 
other available price source which actually publishes or announces such currency exchange rate 
on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Valuation Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by such price source) as the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
If any Exchange Rate comprising any applicable FX Rate is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced, or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant Governmental 
Authority, and such currency exchange rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a successor 
currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced, or 
adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the Official Successor 
Rate), then the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as applicable) for the relevant

--- Page 296 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
270
 
Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any available 
price source which publishes or announces the Official Successor Rate (including, but not 
limited to, an official publication of that Governmental Authority) on such Valuation Date (or, 
if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source) as the applicable Electronic Page.  
(c) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the 
Securities cannot be made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Securities (a Relevant Scheduled Payment Date) due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country for 
which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency (the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction) which (a) require non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to 
obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the Specified 
Currency by non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction such that costs are 
imposed in obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the absence 
of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or 
restricting the transfer of the Specified Currency between non-residents of the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from transferring the 
Specified Currency from the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to the country of 
incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Specified Currency 
as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or the Specified Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the 
international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Specified Currency in the relevant market; or 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to a 
natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption), 
(each a Currency Settlement Disruption Event) then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations to the Securityholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in United 
States dollars (USD) (such payment converted into USD by reference to such currency exchange 
rate displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall determine) on, 
or as soon as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) after, the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD will not constitute a 
default and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
PART B 
The provisions of this Part B apply where EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
Calculation Agent Determination means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, that 
the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Rate for such Valuation Date taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant. 
Disruption Event means an event that would give rise, in accordance with an applicable 
Disruption Fallback, to an alternative basis for determining the FX Rate being in respect of an

--- Page 297 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
271
 
FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of any Price Source Disruption and/or any Price Materiality, if specified in respect of the FX 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Disruption Fallback means each of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback Reference 
Price, Second Fallback Reference Price, Valuation Postponement which are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exchange Rate means the Reference Currency/Settlement Currency offered rate for the 
Settlement Currency expressed as the amount of the Reference Currency per one unit of the 
Settlement Currency for settlement in the Number of Settlement Business Days.  
First Fallback Reference Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate as 
reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the First Fallback Rate Source on the First 
Fallback Electronic Page at approximately the First Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon 
thereafter as practicable). For which purpose: 
First Fallback Electronic Page means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference Rate, 
the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
First Fallback Rate Source means, in respect of a First Fallback Reference Rate, the 
source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such First Fallback 
Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any methodology used 
by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
First Fallback Reference Price means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified 
Valuation Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level 
of the relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the First Fallback Reference Rate, 
unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable Disruption Fallback.  
First Fallback Valuation Time means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference Rate, 
the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
FX Rate means, in respect of each Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Exchange Rate, as reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the FX Rate Source. 
FX Rate Source means, in respect of an FX Rate, the source or source(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms for such FX Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include 
any methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
Number of Settlement Business Days means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related 
Exchange Rate, the number of Reference Currency Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Price Materiality means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, either (a) the 
Primary Rate differs from any Secondary Rate by at the least the Price Materiality Percentage 
or (b) there are insufficient responses on the Specified Valuation Date to the relevant survey 
used in calculating the First Fallback Reference Price or, as the case may be, the Second 
Fallback Reference Price. 
Price Materiality Percentage means, in respect of an FX Rate, the percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, it becomes 
impossible to obtain the FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related 
Second Fallback Reference Rate, as the case may be, on the Specified Valuation Date (or, if 
different the day on which rates for that Specified Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source).

--- Page 298 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
272
 
Primary Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Reference Currency Business Day means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but 
for the occurrence of any Disruption Event, would have been open) for business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in (i) the or each Settlement Currency Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (a Settlement Currency Business Day) and (ii) any of the Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, for the purposes of the definition 
of Valuation Date and the occurrence of a Disruption Event, a Reference Currency Business 
Day will include any day on which commercial banks would have been open but for the 
occurrence in the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency of a banking moratorium or other 
similar event related to any Disruption Event. 
Second Fallback Reference Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate as reported or, as the 
case may be, announced, by the Second Fallback Rate Source on the Second Fallback Electronic 
Page at approximately the Second Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon thereafter as 
practicable). For which purpose: 
Second Fallback Electronic Page means, in respect of the Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Second Fallback Rate Source means, in respect of a Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
the source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such Second 
Fallback Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any 
methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
Second Fallback Valuation Time means, in respect of the Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Second Fallback Reference Price means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, that 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of the relevant FX Rate for 
such Valuation Date using the Second Fallback Reference Rate, unless such rate is subject to a 
Disruption Event, in which case the FX Rate will be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the next applicable Disruption Fallback.  
Secondary Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate or each rate(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an FX Rate, a Reference Currency Business Day 
PROVIDED THAT, where the Reference Currency is Brazilian real (BRL) and the Settlement 
Currency is United States dollars (USD), if the Specified Valuation Date falls on a day that, as 
at the Trade Date, is not a Settlement Currency Business Day, then such day shall be a Scheduled 
Trading Day notwithstanding that, due to not being a Settlement Currency Business Day only, 
it is not a Reference Currency Business Day. 
Unscheduled Holiday means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, a day 
that is not a Reference Currency Business Day and, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in 
the principal financial centre of the Reference Currency two Reference Currency Business Days 
prior to the Specified Valuation Date. 
Valuation Postponement means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, that 
if the relevant Disruption Event is (i) a Price Source Disruption, the Underlying Closing Level 
will be determined on the Reference Currency Business Day first succeeding the day on which 
the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist unless, subject to the provisions of FX Rate 
Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below, the Price Source 
Disruption continues to exist (measured from the date that, but for the occurrence of the Price 
Source Disruption, would have been the Valuation Date) for the number of Maximum Days of

--- Page 299 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
273
 
Postponement. In such event, the FX Rate will be determined on the next Reference Currency 
Business Day after the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement (and such date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date) in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback or (ii) if the relevant Disruption Event is a Price Materiality, the FX Rate 
will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page(s) at approximately the Valuation 
Time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) on the Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level does not apply to an FX Rate to which the EMTA Provisions apply.  
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an FX Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate 
on which a Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing.  
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part B Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: any Relevant Rate which as of the Trade Date is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant Governmental 
Authority and any such Relevant Rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a successor currency 
exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or 
other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the Official Successor Rate), then in 
which event the Relevant Rate will be determined as provided herein by reference to such 
Official Successor Rate and the price source which publishes or announces (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event, would have published or announced) such Official Successor 
Rate (including, but not limited to, an official publication of that Governmental Authority). 
For the purposes of the above, "Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure 
government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
financial markets (including the central bank) of the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency. 
Relevant Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate, any First Fallback Reference Rate 
and any Second Fallback Reference Rate. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless Correction Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of an FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction 
of published or announced prices or levels) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate.

--- Page 300 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
274
 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for an FX Rate then the Valuation 
Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date 
EXCEPT, in the event of the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on such Specified 
Valuation Date, in which case the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Scheduled Trading Day, subject as follows and as provided in FX 
Rate Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is postponed due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on 
a Scheduled Trading Day as provided above and the Valuation Date has not occurred on or 
before the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement after the Specified Valuation Date 
(any such period being a Deferral Period), then the next day after the Deferral Period that 
would have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the FX Rate, 
in which case the provisions of FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) below will apply.  
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and consequently all 
references to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any of the Underlyings" in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall 
be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX Rate.  
(c) 
Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels)) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
FX Rate Condition 6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a Disrupted Day for an FX Rate, 
then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Closing Level shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable 
Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the Underlying 
Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation Date. 
Where the applicable Disruption Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Valuation 
Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to such 
FX Rate, the Disruption Fallback provisions set out below shall apply thereto and the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) other than such 
FX Rate (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, where "Move In Block" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to Disrupted Days, then the adjustment 
provisions above prevail and consequently all references to "for all of the Underlyings" in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX 
Rate. 
If an Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate is to be determined on a day which is a Disrupted 
Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate, then the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback will apply. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events 
Notwithstanding the cut-off provisions set out in the definition of Valuation Postponement and 
in FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) above, in no event shall the total number of 
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled

--- Page 301 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
275
 
Holiday or (ii) a Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), exceed 
the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate.  
Accordingly, (x) if upon the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, an 
Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum 
Days of Postponement, then such day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and (y) if, upon 
the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, a Price Source Disruption 
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum Days of Postponement, 
such date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and the relevant FX Rate shall be determined 
in accordance with the next Disruption Fallback. 
The Cut-off Valuation Date provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions) do not apply to an Underlying that is an FX Rate and, 
accordingly, pursuant to the above provisions, a scheduled date for payment of any amount or, 
as the case may be, delivery of any assets in respect of the Securities will be deferred, if later, 
until the Number of Settlement Business Days following the Valuation Date and such Cut-off 
Valuation Date provisions shall only apply to any Underlying other than an FX Rate (save as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Underlying Schedule applicable to any such Underlying). 
(e) 
Settlement Disruption 
Where Settlement Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Securities 
cannot be made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities (a Relevant Scheduled Payment Date) due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country for 
which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency (the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction) which (a) require non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to 
obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the Specified 
Currency by non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction such that costs are 
imposed in obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the absence 
of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or 
restricting the transfer of the Specified Currency between non-residents of the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from transferring the 
Specified Currency from the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to the country of 
incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Specified Currency 
as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or the Specified Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the 
international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Specified Currency in the relevant market; or 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to a 
natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption), 
(each a Currency Settlement Disruption Event) then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations to the Securityholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in United 
States dollars (USD) (such payment converted into USD by reference to such currency exchange 
rate displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall determine) on, 
or as soon as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) after, the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD will not constitute a

--- Page 302 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
276
 
default and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in 
respect of any such delay.

--- Page 303 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
277
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Proprietary Index". The term "Proprietary Index" may also include any basket, portfolio, strategy or 
similar type of level calculated by a Citi entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Proprietary Indices.  
1. 
Definitions 
Component means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, each component index, security, 
commodity or other asset included in such Proprietary Index. 
Index Conditions means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Proprietary Index from time to time, as published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculations 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Proprietary Index; and (b) calculates and publishes 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Proprietary Index on a regular basis. If specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Index Sponsor will be the Index Administrator (as defined in 
the relevant Index Conditions) notwithstanding that another entity is specified as the Index 
Sponsor in such Index Conditions. 
Proprietary Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Proprietary Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a day in respect of which the level of the Proprietary Index is 
scheduled to be calculated, however described in the relevant Index Conditions and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Successor Index shall have the meaning given to it in Proprietary Index Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment Events). 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Component, the imposition of, change in or removal of 
a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the level of the 
Proprietary Index on a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would have 
been without such imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, "Relevant Tax" means, 
in respect of a Component or other asset relating to such Component, any excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Component or other asset (other than a tax on, or measured by 
reference to, overall gross or net income). 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and a Valuation Date, the 
level of such Proprietary Index as published on the applicable Electronic Page in respect of such 
Valuation Date (irrespective of the time and date on which such level is so published). 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and a Valuation Date, the level of 
such Proprietary Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page.

--- Page 304 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
278
 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Proprietary Index in respect of which the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of 
such Proprietary Index. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Proprietary Index: 
(a) 
if Proprietary Index Condition 4(a) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms such Proprietary Index is either (i) not calculated and announced by 
or on behalf of the relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on 
behalf of a successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or 
a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such 
Proprietary Index (such index, the Successor Index, which will be deemed to be such 
Proprietary Index); and 
(b) 
if "Tax Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent determines that (i) a Tax Disruption has occurred or exists; and (ii) such Tax Disruption 
is material. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Proprietary Index: 
the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably 
be made under Proprietary Index Condition 6(b) (Modification, disruption or cancellation of a 
Proprietary Index and Proprietary Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, 30 calendar days. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if pursuant to the provisions of Proprietary Index Condition 6(c) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Proprietary Index on a Disrupted Day), 
the level of a Proprietary Index published in respect of a Valuation Date is disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent, any correction of the level of the relevant Proprietary Index which has been 
disregarded shall also be disregarded. 
(b) 
Modification, disruption or cancellation of a Proprietary Index and Proprietary Index 
Substitution 
(A) 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Events 
If Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A) (Proprietary Index Adjustment Events) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Proprietary Index, 
(i) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such 
Proprietary Index or in any other way materially modifies such Proprietary Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Proprietary 
Index in the event of changes in relevant Components and other routine events) (a 
Proprietary Index Modification); or (ii) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant 
Index Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Proprietary Index and no Successor 
Index (as defined in Proprietary Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) 
exists (a Proprietary Index Cancellation); or (iii) on or prior to any Valuation Date the 
relevant Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and 
announce such Proprietary Index (a Proprietary Index Disruption, and together with a 
Proprietary Index Modification and a Proprietary Index Cancellation, a Proprietary 
Index Adjustment Event), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such

--- Page 305 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
279
 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities, and if so, 
shall either: 
(i) 
calculate the relevant level of such Proprietary Index in respect of the relevant 
time on such Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such 
Proprietary Index, the level of such Proprietary Index in respect of the relevant 
time on such Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and the method of calculating the level of such 
Proprietary Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such Proprietary Index 
Adjustment Event but using only those Components which comprised such 
Proprietary Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Proprietary Index 
Adjustment Event and, for which purpose, any determination of the value of any 
Component shall be made by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate; and/or 
(ii) 
substitute such Proprietary Index as provided in Proprietary Index Condition 
6(b)(B) (Proprietary Index Substitution), if Proprietary Index Substitution is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and make such adjustments 
(if any) to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it deems 
necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution; and/or 
(iii) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event and determine the 
effective date of each such adjustment. 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Proprietary Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply. 
(B) 
Proprietary Index Substitution 
If Proprietary Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any substitution made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Proprietary Index Condition 
6(b)(A)(ii) (Proprietary Index Adjustment Events) shall be, and any adjustment made by 
the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include, a Proprietary 
Index Substitution. 
Proprietary Index Substitution means, in relation to a Proprietary Index Adjustment 
Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of a Proprietary Index the subject of such 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with a 
new index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement index using, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Proprietary Index 
or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, a replacement index selected by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Such new index shall be deemed to be a Proprietary Index in place of the Proprietary 
Index the subject of the Proprietary Index Adjustment Event or the Adjustment Event, 
as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Proprietary Index on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) applies. 
(d) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Proprietary Index on a Component 
Disrupted Day 
This Proprietary Index Condition 6(d) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a 
Proprietary Index on a Component Disrupted Day) shall only apply where "Component 
Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 306 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
280
 
Where Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if a 
Valuation Date for a Proprietary Index (i) is not a Component Scheduled Trading Day or (ii) is 
a Component Disrupted Day, in either case, in respect of one or more of the Components of 
such Proprietary Index (each such Component, an Affected Component and each such date an 
Affected Valuation Date), then any level of the Proprietary Index published in respect of such 
Valuation Date may be disregarded by the Calculation Agent and the Underlying Closing Level 
for such Valuation Date may be determined by the Calculation Agent as the level of such 
Proprietary Index in respect of such Valuation Date determined in accordance with the then-
current methodology for calculating the level of the Proprietary Index, but using: 
(i) 
with respect to each Component which is not an Affected Component, the price, level or 
value of each such Component at the relevant time on the relevant Affected Valuation 
Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Affected Component, the price, level or value for each such Affected 
Component at the relevant time on the earlier of (i) the first succeeding Component 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Affected Component immediately following the 
relevant Affected Valuation Date that is not a Component Disrupted Day for such 
Affected Component and (ii) the Component Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
Component Valuation Roll number of Component Scheduled Trading Days for such 
Component immediately following the relevant Affected Valuation Date,  
PROVIDED THAT if, pursuant to the above, the relevant Valuation Date for any 
Component determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day falling after the 
second Component Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date on which a relevant payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the Component Cut-off Date), such 
Valuation Date for such Affected Component shall be deemed to be the Component Cut-
off Date (notwithstanding that such date either (A) is not a Component Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Component or (B) is a Component Disrupted Day for such 
Component) and the provisions of paragraph (iii) below shall apply; 
(iii) 
if the Valuation Date for any Component (as determined in accordance with paragraph 
(ii) above) is a Component Disrupted Day for such Component or is determined to occur 
on the Component Cut-off Date (as provided in paragraph (ii) above), then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price, level or value of the relevant Component in 
the manner (as specified in the relevant Index Conditions) in which the price, level or 
value of such disrupted Component would be determined on a date which is a Component 
Disrupted Day for such Component (for the avoidance of doubt, without regard to any 
valuation roll). 
For the purposes hereof: 
Component Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on which the price, level or value of such Component and/or 
any sub-component of such Component and/or any related futures contracts, options contracts 
or securities (each a Relevant Component) is not published (or publication is delayed) and/or 
cannot be determined and/or is otherwise disrupted (including, without limitation, by way of a 
suspension, limitation and/or disruption of trading in the Relevant Component and/or the failure 
to open or the early closure of any relevant exchange), however described in the relevant Index 
Conditions and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Component Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on or in respect of which the price, level or value 
of such Component is scheduled to be determined, however described in the relevant Index 
Conditions and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Component Valuation Roll means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if no number is so specified, eight.

--- Page 307 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
281
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Dividend Futures Contract". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts. 
1. 
Definitions 
Dividend Futures Contract means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Dividend Futures Contract Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying 
Schedule. 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, the 
corporation or other entity which (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and methods of calculations and adjustments, if any, related to such Dividend 
Futures Contract; and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the price of such Dividend 
Futures Contract on a regular basis.  
Exchange means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, the exchange or principal trading 
facility specified for such Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
successor to such exchange or principal trading facility.  
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation Date, where the 
Relevant Price for such Valuation Date is specified to be the "final settlement price" of such 
Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms, the expiry date of such Dividend 
Futures Contract on which the "final settlement price" of such Dividend Futures Contract is 
expected to be announced by the Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor and published on the 
Exchange) or, if such "final settlement price" is not so announced and published but, on or prior 
to such originally designated expiry date, the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor has 
announced arrangements for the publication of such "final settlement price" on another date, 
such other date. 
Relevant Price means in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation Date, the 
"daily settlement price" or the "final settlement price", in each case, however defined in the 
contract specifications of such Dividend Futures Contract or the relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation 
Date, the Relevant Price for the relevant Valuation Date as displayed on the relevant Electronic 
Page or, if such Relevant Price is not displayed on the relevant Electronic Page on the relevant 
Valuation Date, the Relevant Price of such Dividend Futures Contract for such Valuation Date 
as published by the relevant Exchange. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying Closing Level and a Dividend Futures 
Contract, the time at which the relevant price referred to for the purpose of such Underlying 
Closing Level of such Dividend Futures Contract for such day is calculated and published by 
the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor. 
Underlying Level shall not apply to a Dividend Futures Contract.

--- Page 308 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
282
 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Dividend Futures Contract on which: 
(i) 
the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor fails to announce the Relevant Price; 
(ii) 
the relevant Electronic Page and the relevant Exchange each fail to publish the Relevant 
Price of the Dividend Futures Contract (or other data from which such Relevant Price is 
calculated); 
(iii) 
the relevant Electronic Page is temporarily or permanently discontinued or unavailable; 
(iv) 
the relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(v) 
there is a suspension of or limitation on trading in such Dividend Futures Contract on the 
relevant Exchange (which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material). 
The definition of Disrupted Day and the provisions relating to Disrupted Days in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule will not apply in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a 
Valuation Date if the Relevant Price for such Valuation Date is specified to be the "final 
settlement price" of such Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Dividend Futures 
Contract if Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: such Dividend Futures Contract is either (a) not 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor 
but instead is calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to such relevant Dividend 
Futures Contract Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (b) replaced, as relevant, by a 
successor dividend futures contract using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of such Dividend Futures Contract (such dividend futures contract, the Successor Dividend 
Futures Contract, which will be deemed to be such Dividend Futures Contract). 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Dividend Futures 
Contract if Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no 
calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made under Dividend Futures Contract 
Condition 6(b) (Modification, cancellation or disruption of a Dividend Futures Contract and 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Modification, cancellation or disruption of a Dividend Futures Contract and Dividend Futures 
Contract Substitution 
(A) 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event 
If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A) (Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment 
Event) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Dividend 
Futures Contract, (i) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Exchange and/or 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor, as the case may be, announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating any price of such

--- Page 309 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
283
 
Dividend Futures Contract or in any other way materially modifies such Dividend 
Futures Contract, including any material change in the content, composition or 
constitution of such Dividend Futures Contract (a Dividend Futures Contract 
Modification); or (ii) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Exchange and/or 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor, as the case may be, at any time permanently cancels 
or discontinues such Dividend Futures Contract or there is otherwise a permanent 
discontinuation in trading or trading never commences in such Dividend Futures 
Contract and, in each such case, no Successor Dividend Futures Contract exists (a 
Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation); or (iii) on any Valuation Date for which the 
Relevant Price is specified to be the "final settlement price" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, such Relevant Price is not displayed or published on the relevant Electronic Page 
or by the Exchange, as the case may be, at the relevant Valuation Time (a Dividend 
Futures Contract Disruption, and together with a Dividend Futures Contract 
Modification and a Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation, a Dividend Futures 
Contract Adjustment Event), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities and, 
if so, shall either: 
(i) 
calculate the relevant price of such Dividend Futures Contract at or for the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date using, in lieu of the published 
Relevant Price for such Dividend Futures Contract, a price for such Dividend 
Futures Contract at or for the relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by calculating the value of the relevant 
dividends for the applicable contract period for such Dividend Futures Contract 
by reference to the formula for and the method of calculation last in effect of any 
related dividend point index or such other sources as it deems appropriate; 
(ii) 
make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect 
of such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event and determine the effective 
date of each such adjustment; and/or 
(iii) 
substitute such Dividend Futures Contract as provided in Dividend Futures 
Contract Condition 6(b)(B) (Dividend Futures Contract Substitution) and make 
such adjustments (if any) to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to 
as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution. 
If no calculation, adjustment and/or substitution can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 (Additional Early 
Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(B) 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution 
If Dividend Futures Contract Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Dividend Futures 
Contract Condition 6(b)(A)(iii) (Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event) shall be, 
and any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event 
may include, a Dividend Futures Contract Substitution. 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution means, in relation to a Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Dividend Futures Contract 
the subject of such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the 
case may be, with a new dividend futures contract selected by the Calculation Agent (which 
shall be a replacement dividend futures contract using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the Dividend Futures Contract or a replacement dividend futures contract selected 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). Such new dividend futures contract shall be deemed to be a Dividend Futures 
Contract in place of the Dividend Futures Contract the subject of the Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be.

--- Page 310 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
284
 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on a Disrupted 
Day or on the Cut-off Valuation Date 
(A) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on a 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Relevant Price for a Valuation Date is not specified to be the "final settlement 
price" in the applicable Issue Terms, Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying 
Closing Levels)) applies. 
(B) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on the 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Relevant Price for a Valuation Date is specified to be the "final settlement price" 
in the applicable Issue Terms and, in accordance with the provisions of the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Valuation Date 
would otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Dividend Futures Contract prior to the date on which a relevant payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities (the Cut-off Valuation Date), such Valuation Date shall 
be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Underlying Closing Level of the Dividend Futures Contract for such Valuation Date 
by calculating the value of the relevant dividends for the applicable contract period for 
such Dividend Futures Contract by reference to the formula for and the method of 
calculation last in effect of any related dividend point index or such other sources as it 
deems appropriate.

--- Page 311 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS 
285
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Rates. 
1. 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day shall have the meaning given to it in Rate Condition 3 (Disruption to Valuation). 
Rate means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Rate Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Scheduled Trading Day shall, in respect of a Rate, have the meaning given to it for such Rate 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Rate and a Valuation Date, the interest rate 
(expressed as a percentage) specified to be such Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) on such Valuation Date, which appears on the applicable Electronic Page as of the 
Valuation Time. For the avoidance of doubt, a Rate will be determined as of the Valuation Time 
which may not be the "closing time" and a Rate may only be determined once on any Scheduled 
Trading Day.  
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level does not apply to an Underlying that is a Rate. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Rate, the time specified for such Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate on which 
the Electronic Page is not available or the percentage rate of such Rate for such Scheduled 
Trading Day does not appear on the Electronic Page and/or the Rate is not provided or published 
by the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor and/or a component of the 
relevant Rate is not provided or published. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Rate.  
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Rate.

--- Page 312 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS 
286
 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless "Correction Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or announced 
prices or levels) do not apply in respect of a Rate. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Rate then, if neither 
"Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" nor "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is 
specified in respect of such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
applies in respect of that Rate; or: 
(i) 
if "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding 
such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Rate Condition 6(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a 
Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall apply; or 
(ii) 
if "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day would fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled 
Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date, unless, in either such 
case, such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case Rate Condition 6(c) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall 
apply. 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days and "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" or "Modified Following 
Scheduled Trading Day" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, then the 
adjustment provisions relating to Preceding Scheduled Trading Day or, as the case may be, 
Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day prevail and Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall be construed so as not 
to apply to such Rate and consequently all reference to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any 
of the Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall be construed not to include any such Rate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) do not apply in respect of a Rate.  
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) or, as the case may be, Rate Condition 6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a 
Disrupted Day for a Rate, then subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 
(Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, the Relevant Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Rate for 
the Valuation Date at such time as it deems appropriate and in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation, the Relevant Agent may determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level 
for such Valuation Date by reference to one of the following: 
(1) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published on the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day on a different screen page by another authorised distributor of 
the relevant Rate;

--- Page 313 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS 
287
 
(2) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the relevant Rate or the 
supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such 
entity) responsible for supervising the relevant Rate or the administrator thereof; or 
(3) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(4) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Relevant 
Agent on a date determined by the Relevant Agent for a representative amount (and, 
where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, if 
applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner 
determined by the Relevant Agent. 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Disrupted Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and reference to "for all of the 
Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall be construed not to include any 
Underlying that is a Rate. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Valuation Date for a Rate determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day 
falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate prior to the date on which a 
relevant payment is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the Cut-off Valuation Date), 
such Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that 
such date either (A) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate; or (B) is a Disrupted Day for 
such Rate) and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e)(ii) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply 
in respect thereof.

--- Page 314 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
288
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this introduction to the Credit Linked Conditions (including the worked 
examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this Part A) shall 
not form part of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked 
Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this Part A highlight selected information and provide 
practical examples to help prospective investors understand the Credit Linked Notes. However, any 
decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes should only be made after careful consideration of the Base 
Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly, the terms and conditions 
of the Credit Linked Notes set out in the Credit Linked Conditions, as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. This section should be treated as an introduction to certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes. 
It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and answers shall have the meanings given to 
them in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
INTRODUCTION TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which are linked to the credit risk of one or more 
Reference Entities. The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on 
the Credit Linked Notes is dependent on whether certain Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
occur in respect of any relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked.  
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference 
Entity (and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor 
access to a credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entity(ies) in funded format. Therefore, 
many of the features and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant 
Reference Entity(ies) will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
By investing in the Credit Linked Notes, the investor will be a seller of credit protection (and hence a 
buyer of credit risk), while the Issuer will be a buyer of credit protection (and therefore a seller of credit 
risk). 
What is credit risk? 
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its 
obligations under certain borrowed money, bond or loan (as applicable) obligations, a specified reference 
obligation of the Reference Entity or the risk that the Reference Entity enters into bankruptcy. Borrowed 
money obligations would include any incurred loan obligations of the Reference Entity, obligations under 
any debt securities issued by the Reference Entity and certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference 
Entity related to such borrowed money obligations. In addition, failure to perform with respect to certain 
specified reference obligations will also be captured.  
The failure of the Reference Entity to perform its obligations is generally (but not exclusively) as a result 
of a deterioration of its financial condition. 
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public 
information which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out of 
date. The identity of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of successions where there are 
debt transfers or where another entity issues bonds or incurs a loan obligation in exchange for bonds or 
loans of the Reference Entity. The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may be greater than 
the risks associated with the original Reference Entity.

--- Page 315 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
289
 
If the Credit Linked Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event 
will occur may be increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities 
are concentrated in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar 
financial or other risks. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a 
regular stream of interest payments, if applicable, and the return of par or a premium (in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes) on maturity in the ordinary course. However, Credit 
Linked Notes have the added feature not present in ordinary debt securities of an exposure to the credit 
of one or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs in relation to 
the relevant Reference Entity, an investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
What is the difference between Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference Entity? 
Credit Linked Notes give an investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having 
to own a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference 
Entity itself is not a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor 
will not be able to claim against the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. The investor will also not 
have any interest in, or rights under, any obligation of such Reference Entity. An investment in Credit 
Linked Notes is not equivalent to an investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity.  
The Issuer is not obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or otherwise have credit risk 
exposure to the Reference Entity. In addition to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity to which 
the Credit Linked Notes are linked, an investor will also be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer. 
Therefore, even if the Reference Entity is performing well, an investor may still suffer a loss if the Issuer's 
creditworthiness declines.  
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Credit Linked Notes is different from taking 
equity risk by investing in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For 
example: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity or 
specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of borrowed money obligations, and a 
Reference Entity must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations 
before paying dividends or capital to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Notes consist of 
borrowed money obligations or specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of 
borrowed money obligations; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders 
of ordinary shares in the insolvency of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not 
guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys due to them; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference these borrowed money obligations and accordingly, the 
market value of the Credit Linked Notes is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the 
value of these borrowed money obligations; and 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, 
at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa.

--- Page 316 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
290
 
KEY REGULATORY CONCEPTS RELEVANT TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) is a trade organisation of participants 
in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is responsible for 
creating standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter into derivatives 
transactions. Definitions, confirmations and other documents and information published by ISDA are 
available on ISDA's website: https://www.isda.org/. Certain publications are available free of charge 
while others are available to subscribers of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 900 member institutions from more than 70 countries. 
These members include a broad range of over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives market participants.  
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which may be, but is not necessarily, regarded as being 
indicative of a default or material decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity, which also 
includes bankruptcy in the case of a corporate Reference Entity. 
Credit Events are determined by reference to, in the context of a bankruptcy, the relevant Reference 
Entity itself and, in other cases, certain eligible types of obligations of such Reference Entity (including 
certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference Entity in relation to such obligations) which, in relation 
to the Credit Linked Notes, include loans, debt securities or other borrowed money obligations of the 
Reference Entity or specified reference obligations (Obligations).  
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to the 
Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a 
specified transaction type in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its Obligations 
(after the expiry of any applicable grace period), where the failure to pay relates to an amount 
greater than a pre-determined minimum amount; and where the "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is applicable, the failure to pay results from a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
Restructuring: a restructuring of an Obligation of the Reference Entity which amends key terms 
of that Obligation as to reduction in repayment of principal or payment of interest thereunder, 
postponement in the payment of principal or interest, the changes in the ranking of the 
instrument causing subordination or resulting in redenomination into certain hard currencies in 
a form that binds all holders of the obligation and such event is not expressly provided for in the 
terms of the instrument where the event results from, directly or indirectly, a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of an Obligation of the Reference Entity before it 
would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount; 
(e) 
Obligation Default: an Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-determined 
minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise 
be due and payable; 
(f) 
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity repudiates an Obligation in respect of a pre-
determined minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of an Obligation in respect of 
such minimum amount and a failure to pay or a restructuring under such obligation subsequently 
occurs within a specified time period, without regard to any pre-determined amount; or 
(g) 
Governmental Intervention: an event which would result in the reduction or postponement of 
payment of principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in the instrument causing 
subordination, an expropriation of or the mandatory cancellation of an Obligation as the result

--- Page 317 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
291
 
of an action taken or announcement made by a Governmental Authority in a form which is 
binding regardless of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the 
instrument. This event is applicable only where "Financial Reference Entity" terms are stated to 
be applicable in the Issue Terms. 
What Credit Events apply to the Credit Linked Notes? 
In respect of each issue of Credit Linked Notes, the types of Credit Events which may apply in relation 
to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and will 
be determined by reference to market standards that will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Typically, certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes, for example the maturity and the price of credit 
protection purchased will be subject to negotiation between the parties. However, many key terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes – for example, the applicable Credit Events – are typically determined by reference 
to a physical settlement matrix of market standard terms published by ISDA (the version of such matrix 
which is effective as at the Trade Date, Issue Date or Effective Date, as applicable, is referred to as the 
Physical Settlement Matrix). The Physical Settlement Matrix recognises a variety of standard terms 
based on the nature of the relevant Reference Entity (corporate, sovereign, etc.) and its location ((EMEA 
(Europe, Middle East and Africa), Asia-Ex Japan, Japan, Latin America, North America etc.). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Physical Settlement Matrix is available free of charge on ISDA's website 
at www.isda.org. 
The Issue Terms will specify a "Transaction Type" with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. Certain 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes, including Credit Events, will be determined by reference to the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for such "Transaction Type". Such terms may vary between particular series 
of Credit Linked Notes depending on the relevant "Transaction Type" which applies. Further, the 
Physical Settlement Matrix is updated regularly by ISDA and accordingly, different Series of Credit 
Linked Notes may refer to different versions of the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
What is a Risk Event and does it apply to all Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may be a Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event. While Credit Events cover the risks 
arising from the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity (see further "What is a Credit Event?" above), 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Additional Risk Events include, amongst other things, events that make it impossible, illegal 
or impracticable for, or prohibit, restrict or materially delay the ability of, any entity holding a loan or 
obligation to convert or repatriate currency or purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the 
owner of any such loan or obligation or affect the performance of custodial and settlement activities.  
The concept of a Risk Event is therefore specific to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. The types of Risk 
Events which may apply in relation to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity 
of each Reference Entity and the jurisdiction of such Reference Entity. 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Credit Linked Notes? 
A Credit Event may occur at any time during the period from, and including, the "Credit Event Backstop 
Date" to, and including, the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
The Credit Event Backstop Date is typically intended to be a rolling date which is: 
(i) 
if a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (see further "What is the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked Notes (other 
than Local Access Credit Linked Notes)?" below) receives a request to resolve whether or not a 
Credit Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity (such date of request, the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date), 60 calendar days prior to the date of such request; or  
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event has occurred in relation to any Reference 
Entity or an Obligation thereof and delivers an effective Credit Event Notice, and supporting 
information (if applicable), to the Issuer for delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and 
Securityholders to that effect, when the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not 
going to consider the same, 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the effective delivery date

--- Page 318 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
292
 
of such Credit Event Notice (where it occurs during the notice delivery period) and (b) the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date (where the effective delivery date of such Credit Event Notice 
occurs during the post dismissal additional period), subject to extension in certain 
circumstances. 
Instead of a rolling date, the Issue Date or Trade Date may be specified to be the Credit Event Backstop 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may occur at any time during the "Risk Event Determination Period", being a period 
commencing on the Issue Date or the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and expiring on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
What are the event and payment timings which are relevant? 
(i) 
Event Timing: In order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of the Credit 
Linked Notes, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time 
(or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective 
of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed 
to have occurred immediately prior to midnight.  
(ii) 
Payment Timing: If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the 
case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment 
shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the 
time zone of its place of payment. 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date or the Trade Date? 
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Securityholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA 
prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference 
Entity, 
details 
of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
ISDA 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
When can a Credit Event or a Risk Event be triggered? 
A Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the "Notice 
Delivery Period", being a period commencing on the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and 
expiring 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or 14 calendar days following any DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal. In certain circumstances, a Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with 
respect to the Reference Entity 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event Announcement. Similarly, a 
Risk Event may be triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the Risk Event Determination 
Period (see "When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes?" above). 
However, in certain circumstances, the Notice Delivery Period or the Risk Event Determination Period, 
as applicable, may be extended beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date if a potential Credit Event, such as 
a Failure to Pay or Repudiation/Moratorium, has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of 
the Credit Linked Notes, which may become an actual Credit Event within a specified period following 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. In such case, the Notice Delivery Period will be extended to (and including) 
the date falling 14 calendar days following such Extension Date and the Risk Event Determination Period 
may also be extended in certain cases. Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled 
Maturity Date, a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could be triggered after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 319 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
293
 
What is an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date? 
In order for Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
it is necessary for a relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a notice 
describing the occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has been effectively delivered 
(together with, if applicable, a notice containing publicly available information confirming the 
occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable), or, for Credit Linked Notes other than Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the date on which, amongst other things, it is publicly announced that a DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of publicly available information with respect to such question, provided that certain 
conditions are satisfied. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled Maturity Date, an Event Determination 
Date could occur as a result of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date where the date on which a DC Credit Event Question was effective 
and on which a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such question falls on or prior to the 14th day following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or any Extension Date, as applicable.  
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred? 
No. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Securityholder 
in relation to a Credit Event triggering an Event Determination Date (see "When can a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event be triggered?" above).  
An Event Determination Date may be bilaterally triggered following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
that is an M(M)R Restructuring. In other cases, although the Calculation Agent and the Issuer may trigger 
an Event Determination Date following the occurrence of a Credit Event it will only be able to do so if 
(i) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made a DC Credit Event Announcement or a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement; (ii) it has some information to support its determination that a 
Credit Event has occurred and (iii) (in circumstances where a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
is required to be provided) it cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event described in the Credit Event Notice.  
What is the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked 
Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes)? 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Securityholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Prospective Securityholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the 
power to make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and the standard Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event has occurred; 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions are to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity 
will be used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction and the relevant 
auction buckets which cover the various scheduled termination dates of transactions;  
(d) 
the suitable methodology to be applied when determining the asset market value of any non-
financial instruments or instruments not capable of transfer or when asset package delivery will 
be cash settled;

--- Page 320 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
294
 
(e) 
the auction settlement terms;  
(f) 
the occurrence of a succession or succession event and the identity of any "Successors" (for 
details, see "Successors" below); and 
(g) 
suitable substitute Reference Obligations where a substitution event has occurred. 
Consequently, Securityholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable 
to the Credit Linked Notes and the payments on the Credit Linked Notes and the timing of any such 
payments may be affected by such decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and the results of binding votes will be published by the DC 
Secretary on https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Japan. The proceedings of 
each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published from time to 
time by the DC Secretary. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of 
charge at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is formed of up to ten voting dealer members, five 
voting buyside (non-dealer) members and three non-voting members (two dealers and one buyside). A 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may also include as non-voting members one or more 
credit derivatives central clearing counterparties (CCP) as observer members. Dealer institutions are 
selected for membership in accordance with the DC Rules published by the DC Secretary and certain 
trading volume data guidelines. 
With effect from 12 October 2018, DC Administration Services, Inc., a Delaware-incorporated 
subsidiary of ISDA was appointed by ISDA to act as the DC Secretary. The DC Secretary is responsible 
for various administrative tasks, including distributing questions submitted by eligible market 
participants to the relevant DC members, convening DC meetings, and publishing the results of DC votes. 
The DC secretary does not vote on whether Credit Events have occurred. 
SUMMARY OF DIFFERENT CREDIT PRODUCTS UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
What are the different types of Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme? 
If Credit Linked Notes are issued by way of Final Terms, the Credit Linked Notes may be Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes.  
(A) 
What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes? 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only 
one Reference Entity specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Depending on the type of credit linkage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes will be either Credit Linked Principal Notes (i.e. the occurrence of a Credit 
Event will impact the payment of principal and any interest under such Securities) or Credit 
Linked Interest Notes (i.e. the payment of Contingent Interest under such Securities will be 
contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in respect of the Reference Entity and accordingly, 
the occurrence of a Credit Event will impact the accrual of Contingent Interest whereas the 
payment of any Non-Contingent Interest and principal will remain unaffected). 
For Credit Linked Principal Notes, unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant 
Event Determination Date occurs, then each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed 
in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are identified, in part) 
by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical Redemption 
applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash amounts on 
the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.

--- Page 321 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
295
 
For Credit Linked Interest Notes, unless redeemed early in full, the occurrence of a Credit Event 
and a relevant Event Determination Date will not result in any early redemption of the Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes and each outstanding Single Name Credit Linked Note will instead 
be expected to redeem at maturity (see "When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no 
Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below). The Contingent Interest payable under such 
Securities will cease to accrue (in full or in part), for which see "Interest Specific Provisions" 
below. 
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions. 
(B) 
What are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance 
of a basket with two or more Reference Entities, although such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of only the "nth" Reference Entity specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. For example, if "n" is five, then redemption will only arise after a Credit 
Event has occurred with respect to five of the Reference Entities in the basket, and then only 
with respect to that fifth Reference Entity. As such, if one or more Credit Events occur in respect 
of Reference Entities other than the nth Reference Entity, redemption of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will not be triggered.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity, then each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will 
be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are 
identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where 
Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any 
applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of the nth 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions. 
(C) 
What are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of a 
basket of Reference Entities specified in the applicable Issue Terms and are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such 
Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical 
Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash 
amounts on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date. Redemption will be effected in 
accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions, where applicable.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(D) 
What are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Index 
may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. The Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the 
weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 322 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
296
 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R 
Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(E) 
What are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the applicable Issue Terms, although 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses and 
redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified 
tranche of that Index. Such Index may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the credit risk of each Reference 
Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity 
in the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent that losses suffered by the affected Reference Entities 
fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Index Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(F) 
What are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
although such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses 
and redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified 
tranche of that basket. Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the 
credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant basket in proportion to the weighting 
specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent that losses 
suffered by the affected Reference Entities fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event

--- Page 323 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
297
 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(G) 
What are Local Access Credit Linked Notes? 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only 
one Reference Entity specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where such Reference Entity is a 
sovereign of a local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to exposure to the credit risk 
of the Reference Entity, an investment in Local Access Credit Linked Notes involves additional 
risks associated with such local access jurisdictions, including potential risks of volatility, 
governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs then each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or where multiple 
successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Successor provisions.  
PAYOUTS UNDER CREDIT LINKED NOTES – KEY TIMINGS AND AMOUNTS 
What are the different timings for payouts that are contemplated under the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs:  
(a) 
in the usual course, at maturity (see further "When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if 
no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below);  
(b) 
pursuant to the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, "What 
is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event"?" below);  
(c) 
at maturity, despite the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, 
"What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"?" below); or 
(d) 
pursuant to the occurrence of an event (other than a Credit Event or a Risk Event) triggering 
early redemption (see further "When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early?" 
below).  
(A) 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event 
occurs? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has 
occurred, and provided that the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, 
repurchased or cancelled, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (which may in certain circumstances have been extended) (see 
further "What will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed 
early?" below). 
(B) 
What is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk 
Event"? 
"Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs with 
respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case of Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result and redemption follows such Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What will Securityholders receive if 
"Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event" 
applies?" below). This will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only.

--- Page 324 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
298
 
(C) 
What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"? 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as 
applicable, occurs with respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case 
of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result, but redemption (and 
accordingly, payment of the relevant redemption amounts) occurs only at maturity (see 
further "What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies?" 
below). This will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only. 
(D) 
When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Notes early in full, other than where a Credit 
Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred, if (i) certain tax events occur with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes; (ii) certain events occur which make it unlawful for 
the Issuer to perform certain obligations or comply with material provisions of 
agreements entered into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes; (iii) an Early 
Redemption Event occurs (see further "When will an Early Redemption Event occur?" 
below); (iv) certain Events of Default occur; (v) the Issuer elects to exercise its call option 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if "Issuer Call" is applicable); (vi) in certain cases 
and if applicable, following an Administrator/Benchmark Event; (vii) a Realisation 
Disruption Event occurs; (viii) an Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs; (ix) a 
Merger Event occurs; or (x) if the Reference Obligation (in respect of a Reference Entity 
to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies) is redeemed in whole prior to its 
scheduled maturity date (see further "What will Securityholders receive if the Issuer 
redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other than due to a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event)?" below). 
When will an Early Redemption Event occur? 
An Early Redemption Event may occur where, among other things, (a) certain adjustments have 
occurred, (b) in respect of certain Securities, circumstances in which the Calculation Agent determines 
that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment Event, (c) in respect of certain 
Securities, no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
material change to the relevant index, (d) a Section 871(m) Event, or (e) a Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)). 
Can Securityholders elect to redeem their Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Securityholders do not have a right to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes early. 
What are Securityholders expected to receive pursuant to the different payouts contemplated under 
the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on when 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs. 
(A) 
What will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early? 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, the 
amount payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note that is redeemed in full on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date will be an amount equal to par.  
(B) 
What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit 
Payment following Risk Event" applies? 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, apply and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount?" below), with no further 
payment of principal or interest, if applicable, on the proportion of the Credit Linked Notes 
affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What interest payments

--- Page 325 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
299
 
will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event?" below). 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value of the Credit Linked 
Notes and may even be zero. 
(C) 
What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies? 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, interest will cease to accrue on, or be payable in 
respect of, such portion of the Credit Linked Notes affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable. This will not affect any interest payable on the remaining portion of the Credit 
Linked Notes unaffected by such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. Further, the Credit 
Payment on Maturity Amount (which reflects the incurred recoveries to be paid at maturity) will 
accrue interest based on the funding interest rate specified in the Issue Terms (see further "What 
interest payments will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event?" below). The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed only at maturity in an amount equal 
to the Credit Event Redemption Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount?" below). The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value 
of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero.  
(D) 
What will Securityholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other 
than due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early in full (other than where a Credit Event, Risk 
Event, Merger Event or redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation has occurred), the 
Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption 
Date, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as applicable, with no further payment of principal or interest, 
if applicable, due in respect of such Credit Linked Notes. The Early Redemption Amount is an 
amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement Currency which 
is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes or the principal amount of such notes 
(together with any unpaid interest). The Optional Redemption Amount is an amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where applicable, in the case of a Merger Event, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on 
the Early Redemption Date by payment of the Merger Redemption Amount. The Merger 
Redemption Amount may be equal to either (x) the Early Redemption Amount or (y) an amount 
equal to the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes less any 
unwind costs, and will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation (where "Reference Obligation 
Only" applies), each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed on the Substitution Event Date by 
payment of the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount is an amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement 
Currency which is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes less any unwind costs. 
REDEMPTION MECHANICS UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion represents such proportion of the aggregate notional amount of a Credit 
Linked Note that is affected by a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and is used for determining 
the amounts payable or to be written down and/or redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or a Risk Event, as applicable, and/or for calculating the interest payable on such Credit Linked Notes. 
The calculation of the Applicable Proportion depends on the nature of the Credit Linked Notes, the type 
of Credit Event (including whether the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring or not) or Risk Event, 
as applicable, and whether the Successor provisions are relevant (see further "Successors" below): 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes  
The Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note or Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and:

--- Page 326 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
300
 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or multiple 
successors have not been identified); 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Single Name Partial Nominal Amount 
or the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where the Credit Event is not 
an M(M)R Restructuring and where the succession provisions are applicable). 
(B) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and: 
(i) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or pursuant to multiple 
successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where 
redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount or Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption is 
not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where partial redemption occurs pursuant 
to the succession provisions).  
(C) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes. 
(D) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and:  
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being identified); 
or 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession 
provisions). 
What are the different methods of redemption? 
The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the Credit Event Redemption Method 
elected for by the Issuer (and specified in the Issue Terms), provided that the Fallback Redemption 
Method, also specified in the applicable Issue Terms, will apply where the elected Credit Event 
Redemption Method cannot be applied.

--- Page 327 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
301
 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption 
may be selected as the Credit Event Redemption Method, with a fallback for either Cash 
Redemption or Physical Redemption. Although a Credit Event Redemption Method may be 
specified for Credit Linked Interest Notes, such Securities will not be early redeemed following 
a Credit Event. No fallback redemption method will be applicable to Credit Linked Interest 
Notes. 
(B) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption may be selected as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, with the only fallback being Cash Redemption. Physical 
Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
(C) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
LA Cash Redemption, LA Physical Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be 
selected as the Risk Event Redemption Method. There is no prescribed fallback for such 
product. Auction Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount? 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is the cash amount that is payable to the Securityholders on an 
early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, 
as applicable, and is broadly indicative of the recoveries in respect of such Credit Linked Notes.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount depends on the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method or 
Fallback Redemption Method, the nature of the Credit Linked Notes and the timing for payment: 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
For such Credit Linked Notes (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are 
Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be the Auction 
Redemption Amount (where Auction Redemption is applicable), the Cash Redemption Amount 
(where Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" is applicable, the Final Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the recovery price of certain 
deliverables determined in the relevant auction on the auction final price determination date or 
eligible obligations (Valuation Obligations) of the Reference Entity on a specified date (being 
the final price determination date) following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to 
such Reference Entity. With respect to the Credit Linked Notes which are subject to Cash 
Redemption, the eligible obligations shall be one or more obligations, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, that are either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The price of such eligible obligations will be determined on the basis 
of bid quotations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers. 
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is 
applicable, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount, as applicable.

--- Page 328 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
302
 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, which in 
turn, in each case, requires the Recovery Amount to be determined. The Recovery Amount is 
based on the recovery price of the Deliverable Obligations which may be determined by an 
Auction or, where Cash Redemption applies, on the basis of bid quotations for Valuation 
Obligations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.  
(C) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes will be 
the LA Cash Redemption Amount (where LA Cash Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is applicable, the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the price of certain specified 
eligible assets of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a Risk 
Event with respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the eligible assets shall be one or more assets that are either assets issued by the Reference Entity 
(and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation Agent that would 
constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with 
elections made in the applicable Issue Terms. The price of such eligible assets shall be 
determined on the basis of the highest bid quotation received by the Calculation Agent from 
third party dealers or if no such bid quotation is provided, by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion.  
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Auction Redemption applies? 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined by reference to a price determined by 
way of a credit derivatives auction administered by the auction administrators based on the auction 
settlement terms published by the DC Secretary (an Auction). The Auction will involve a bidding process 
by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set under the 
relevant auction settlement terms, to establish the value of the eligible obligations (the Deliverable 
Obligations) of the relevant Reference Entity. Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the 
Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified "Deliverable Obligation Categories" and "Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics" which are on the Final List as published by the DC Secretary. The Issuer or 
one or more of its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction and may submit bids 
and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity.  
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Auction Redemption applies (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are 
Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Auction Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, is an amount representing each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Credit Linked Notes which falls within 
the specified tranche), minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index 
Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount, as applicable, needs to be calculated, which in turn, in each case, requires the Recovery 
Amount to be determined. If Auction Redemption applies, the Recovery Amount will be equal 
to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity

--- Page 329 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
303
 
(and, in case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise Amount) and (2) the recovery price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity.  
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. 
Moreover, the price is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. 
The lower the auction price, the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered 
by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to 
Securityholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption 
applies? 
(A) 
Cash Redemption  
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined on the basis of the 
bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the eligible 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent and satisfying 
certain specified obligation categories and obligation characteristics (such obligations being the 
Valuation Obligations). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the final price acting in a commercially reasonable manner which may even be zero.  
(1) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Cash Redemption applies (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that 
are Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the 
product of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and 
(2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such bid quotations 
sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Deliverable Obligations, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
(2) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, is an amount representing each Note's pro rata share of an 
amount equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Notes), 
minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, the 
Recovery Amount needs to be calculated. If Cash Redemption applies, the Recovery 
Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
affected Reference Entity (and, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise 
Amount) and (2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such 
bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the 
Deliverable Obligations.  
(B) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption applies only to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. If LA Cash 
Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be determined on the basis of the 
highest bid quotation sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for certain 
specified eligible assets of the relevant Reference Entity which may be assets issued by the 
Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation 
Agent that would constitute a Deliverable Obligation (being the LA Settlement Assets). 
However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will determine the LA Recovery 
Amount acting in its sole discretion.

--- Page 330 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
304
 
If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the LA 
Recovery Amount, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
In any case, while determining the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the 
Issuer will be entitled to select the cheapest Valuation Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as 
applicable, for valuation. The lower the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, 
the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered by it (as buyer of 
credit protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to 
Securityholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
What will the Securityholder receive if Physical Redemption or LA Physical Redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes applies? 
(A) 
Physical Redemption 
If Physical Redemption applies (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are 
also Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Issuer will physically deliver assets to the 
Securityholders that represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of obligations of the 
Reference Entity which falls within a specified category (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation 
Category) and have the specified characteristics (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) 
which will be set out in the Issue Terms and which have an Outstanding Principal Balance or a 
Due and Payable Amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
following the occurrence of the Credit Event, minus any delivery expenses that may be incurred 
by the Issuer in the physical settlement and any interest suspension shortfall amount.  
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Securityholders where, for 
example, the assets to be physically delivered are not a whole integral multiple of the smallest 
unit of transfer or physical delivery is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer 
of the relevant Deliverable Obligation haven't been obtained.  
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, in certain circumstances the Physical 
Redemption Assets may include Assets comprising the Asset Package. The Issuer may elect to 
pay a cash amount to the Securityholders in lieu of delivering any or all of the Asset Package. 
(B) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption applies only to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. If LA Physical 
Redemption applies, the Issuer will physically deliver such assets to the Securityholders (being 
the LA Settlement Assets) that represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the assets or obligations of the Reference Entity or assets selected by the Calculation 
Agent which constitute Deliverable Obligations, less (2) any unwind costs. 
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Securityholders where, for 
example, physical delivery is illegal or impossible due to circumstances outside the control of 
the Issuer or within the control of the Securityholders. 
What will a Securityholder recover if fixed recovery is applicable? 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as applicable (and in 
respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are Credit Linked Principal Notes), then following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and relevant Event Determination Date, the 
amount payable on redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date shall be calculated as set 
out in "How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash 
Redemption applies?" above, provided that instead of the Final Price, the "Fixed Recovery Percentage" 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms shall apply. The Fixed Recovery Percentage may be specified as 
zero, in which case Securityholders will lose all of their investment upon the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or Risk Event, as applicable.

--- Page 331 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
305
 
What is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
This applies to a Restructuring Credit Event relating to some Transaction Types aimed at reducing the 
risk occurring with respect to receiving the "cheapest to deliver" assets by imposing complex restrictions 
on deliverables where a buyer of protection (i.e. the Issuer) triggers the event. The deliverables must 
additionally have a final maturity date (determined at the time of delivery and effective delivery of Notice 
of Physical Settlement) or determination which falls within the limitation date of a maturity bucket.  
If there is no auction for a bucket, in order to auction settle, the Issuer may elect to exercise a "Movement 
Option" to settle at a bucket with more restrictive deliverables rather than redeem through the fallback 
redemption methods. 
How much will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes (and in respect of Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes that are Credit Linked Principal Notes), and it constitutes an M(M)R 
Restructuring, the Issuer may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of such Restructuring Credit Event. This Credit Event requires a Credit Event Notice to be delivered in 
order to be triggered (i.e. this can only be triggered bilaterally). 
If the Issuer decides to partially redeem the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in part by an amount that is less than the entire credit protection purchased and sold under the 
Credit Linked Notes in relation to the Reference Entity with respect to which the Restructuring Credit 
Event occurred (such partial amount, the Exercise Amount). The Credit Event Redemption Amount 
payable to Securityholders will reflect such partial exercise for the purposes of redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes. Subsequent determinations of interest and principal under the Credit Linked Notes will be 
determined only in respect of the outstanding nominal amount of the Credit Linked Note following such 
reduction. 
How much will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a 
determination of multiple successors? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a determination of multiple successors (and 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Calculation 
Agent shall apportion any calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount or the amount of Physical Redemption Assets or LA Settlement Assets, as 
applicable, to be delivered for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be 
calculated on the basis of such apportioned amounts. For details on successors, see "Successors" below. 
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs then the Credit 
Linked Notes are scheduled to redeem on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
However, if the Calculation Agent determines that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) one or 
more Reference Entities (a) may be subject to a Credit Event or to a Risk Event, (b) if "Grace Period 
Extension" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, or (c) if "Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, (ii) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within 
an effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date occurring, (iii) a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring, (iv) the final Credit Event Redemption Date or the Final Physical 
Redemption Cut-Off Date, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including 
any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial Cash Redemption Date), (v) a Payment 
Failure Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date where a Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event has occurred, or (vi) a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, then each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 332 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
306
 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if the Scheduled Maturity Date is extended? 
If no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes will redeem on the latest to occur 
of (a) the fifth Business Day following the Notes Extension Date; (b) the final Credit Event Redemption 
Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable or if later, 
any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date); (c) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date 
(if applicable); or (d) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event 
Determination Date actually occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall be redeemed on the later to occur of (a) the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any 
unsettled Relevant Credit Events, as applicable or if later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
(including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date) and (b) the 
fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable). 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
actually occurs on or prior to the LA Cut Off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the 
latest to occur of (a) the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, as 
applicable; (b) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable); and 
(c) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable. 
INTEREST SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
What interest payments will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event? 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, the date on 
which interest (in full or in part) ceases to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes (for further information see "What is the Applicable Proportion?" above) shall depend on 
whether "No Interest Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms. 
(A) 
No Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall cease 
from and including the Interest Payment Date preceding the Event Determination Date or Risk 
Event Determination Date, in respect of the first Interest Period, from (and including) the Issue 
Date. 
(B) 
Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall cease 
from and including the first Business Day immediately following the Event Determination Date 
or Risk Event Determination Date.  
However, (i) in respect of each Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit Linked 
Note), interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will 
accrue on the Applicable Proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding 
such Event Determination Date or (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to 
(and including) such Event Determination Date; and (ii) in respect of each Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, the LA Interest Amount shall be payable if, and only if, an Interest Payment Date 
occurred during the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding such Risk 
Event Determination Date, or (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to (and 
including) such Risk Event Determination Date. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes), any accrued, but unpaid, 
interest shall be paid (i) within 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
(if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies) or in 
respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only and

--- Page 333 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
307
 
where there is no incurred recovery, within 10 Business Days following the relevant Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, as applicable, (ii) on such date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies), (iii) if the Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in full, on the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable or (iv) within 10 Business Days following the first Delivery Date (if "Physical 
Redemption" applies), as applicable. In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, such payment of 
suspended interest shall be made if, and only if, an Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to a 
prescribed date. In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes, any accrued, but unpaid, Contingent Interest 
shall be paid on (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) such date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and (iii) if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption Date, 
the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
The Credit Payment on Maturity Amount will accrue interest additionally at the funding interest rate 
where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies. 
If a Credit Event and Event Determination Date have not occurred will I receive payments of interest 
on each Interest Payment Date? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and 
no corresponding DC Resolution has been published or a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been 
provided, then any interest payable under the Credit Linked Notes (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest 
Notes only, any Contingent Interest) will be suspended to the maximum possible amount (assuming an 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date would occur, as though full exercise of an 
M(M)R Restructuring had occurred and where relevant, that Fixed Recovery Redemption with Fixed 
Recovery Percentage at 0% has occurred) or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA 
Interest Amount relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be suspended. 
If payments of interest are suspended when will the Issuer's obligations to make such payments 
resume? 
Suspension of interest amount will continue until certain public announcements by the DC Secretary are 
made or until the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable, has not occurred and will not occur or if an LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes has occurred. Such public announcements may be one of an Applicable DC No 
Credit Event Announcement, an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or an announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to 
Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question. In such case, the Securityholders will be 
paid the suspended interest amount 10 Business Days following the date of such announcement or 
determination by the Calculation Agent or the LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
Will Securityholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer's obligation to make 
interest payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Securityholders by the Issuer in connection with 
the delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount. However, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension 
of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential 
Risk Event) was greater or lesser than the amount of interest that should have been suspended, the Issuer 
will be required to calculate the adjustment interest amount due to or from the Securityholders and such 
adjustment amount will be paid to, or held back from future interest payments owed to, the 
Securityholders and where there has been a shortfall as at the relevant maturity or early redemption date, 
such interest shortfall proceeds shall be deducted from the final redemption amounts or the amount of 
Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered, as applicable. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then:

--- Page 334 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
308
 
(i) 
where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the subordinated obligations of 
the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such Reference Entity;  
(ii) 
where the Reference Obligation is a subordinated obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the further subordinated 
obligations of the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such 
Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
with respect to successions, if the Credit Linked Notes relates to a Senior Obligation, the debt 
transfer shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and where the Credit Linked Notes are Subordinated Obligations, the 
debt transfer shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no 
such Bond or Loan exists, the debt transfer shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans 
which include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(iv) 
provided that "Governmental Intervention" is also specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, if 
an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the 
time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic; 
(v) 
a qualifying guarantee which contains terms permitting or anticipating a Governmental 
Intervention will not be treated as containing provisions where the principal payment obligations 
of the Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of such event; or  
(vi) 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur where (a) a Governmental Intervention is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms or (b) a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, 
if "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention. If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable and any Prior Deliverable Obligation shall be a Deliverable Obligation.  
What is Asset Package Credit Event and Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and a Restructuring 
Credit Event (which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention) of the Reference Obligation or a 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs, or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect 
to a Sovereign, such a Credit Event will constitute an "Asset Package Credit Event".  
If such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date, then in those 
circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been 
specified not to apply in the applicable Issue Terms), the obligations or assets used to determine the 
Auction Final Price or recovery of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be (i.e. the "Asset 
Package"), will be the "Asset Package" comprising those assets received or retained by a Relevant 
Holder by reference to: 
(i) 
in respect of (a) above and a Governmental Intervention Credit Event, an obligation of the 
Reference Entity which existed immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event which 
would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, or in the case of (a) above and a Restructuring 
Credit Event, the Reference Obligation (i.e. a "Prior Deliverable Obligation"); or 
(ii) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as such by 
ISDA and published on its website or any successor website or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time and which immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a "Package Observable Bond"). 
Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by Delivery 
of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency,

--- Page 335 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
309
 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, and if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business 
Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Principal Paying Agent of the detailed 
description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice 
of Physical Settlement".  
The Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion. If the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value by reference to an appropriate specialist 
valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.  
What are Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations?  
Where the Issue Terms specify "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
(published on 8 December 2017)" as applicable, the Reference Obligation is any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed (Senior Non-Preferred Obligation), and 
which ranks above "Traditional Subordinated Obligations" or which would so rank if Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations existed. In such circumstances, the Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation and such Traditional Subordinated Obligation (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions) shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation. 
What is the 2014 CoCo Supplement and a CoCo Provision? 
Where the Issue Terms specify the 2014 CoCo Supplement to be applicable, if with respect to one or 
more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than a pre-determined amount, the 
operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount 
of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, 
such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention.  
A Coco Provision requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the capital 
ratio is at or below a trigger percentage which is specified to be 5.25 per cent., if no other trigger 
percentage is specified. 
What are the Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities" are 
applicable, Obligations and Deliverable Obligations will include certain qualifying financial guarantee 
insurance policy or similar financial guarantees pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably 
guarantees or insures certain borrowed money instruments of another party. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Hellenic Republic, Republic of Ecuador 
or Republic of Ukraine? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" (published by ISDA on 5 March 2018), "Additional 
Provisions for the Hellenic Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" 
(published by ISDA on 29 May 2012) or "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" (published by ISDA on 11 April 2016) are 
applicable, certain Bond or Loan obligations (as the case may be) are treated as Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations, which:  
(i) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond or a Loan" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012;

--- Page 336 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
310
 
(ii) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(iii) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015. 
REFERENCE OBLIGATIONS 
What is a Standard Reference Obligation ? 
A Standard Reference Obligation is the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation 
for the relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level, as published on the relevant SRO list. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms where there is no 
Standard Reference Obligation and a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, 
the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first 
date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation with 
the relevant Seniority Level with be the Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the 
Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. The SRO list for selected standard reference obligations selected by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee can be obtained at https://ihsmarkit.com or any successor 
webpage. Standard reference obligation could also be disapplied in the Issue Terms.  
Can a redeemed Reference Obligation be stipulated as a Reference Obligation? 
Yes. For the purpose of assessing the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
SUCCESSORS 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity? 
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a "Successor" determination has been made with respect 
to the Reference Entity on or after the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal 
Successor", on or after 1 January 2014). 
A "Universal Successor" means, with respect to any Reference Entity (not being a sovereign entity), the 
single entity which assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the 
Reference Entity and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference 
Entity has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption. 
What is a "Successor" to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes? 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to 
which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, then such entity(ies) may be identified as a "Successor" to the 
original Reference Entity. The Calculation Agent (being the Issuer or an Affiliate) may also, following 
a succession event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original Reference Entity or in 
the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Index 
Sponsor may also following a Succession Event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the 
original Reference Entity. 
A single entity, or one entity or one or more entities may either directly or as provider of a qualifying 
guarantee succeed to the Reference Entity based on whether the percentage of debt transferred satisfies 
certain specified thresholds but where a universal successor applies, the entity need only assume all of 
the obligations and at least one bond or loan or guarantee obligation in connection with either where at 
the time of determination certain conditions exist. If there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession.

--- Page 337 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
311
 
An entity shall succeed to another entity if an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for the relevant obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, 
accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange 
Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is 
not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a qualifying guarantee with respect to such Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a 
"Successor", the Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk 
associated with a Successor or Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk 
associated with the original Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time 
from and including the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal Successor", on or after 
1 January 2014), which is a rolling date that is: 
(i) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not 
there is one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of 
such request; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which an effective notice of the occurrence of 
a succession is delivered by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent. 
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall 
prior to the Trade Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Securityholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a 
succession has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on 
the ISDA website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
Can a sovereign be subject to a succession ? 
Yes, where an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event occurs and the debt is transferred as described in "What is a "Successor" to the 
Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes?" above. 
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor? 
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, its right is limited by the Credit Linked Conditions as follows: the 
Calculation Agent (i) cannot make such a determination if a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has already determined that such an event does not constitute a succession event; (ii) is 
required to act on the basis of Eligible Information; and (iii) is required to act in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the Index Sponsor may make a successor determination if the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not identified a Successor. 
Can multiple successors be identified with respect to a Reference Entity? 
Yes, including the case where the original entity affected by the succession is also identified as a 
Successor. In such case where there are multiple successors, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any 
calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be calculated on the basis 
of such apportioned amounts.

--- Page 338 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
312
 
Where multiple successors are identified, multiple Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, and 
multiple Event Determination Dates or Risk Event Determination Dates, as applicable, may occur with 
respect to each Reference Entity save in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the 
nth Reference Entity (where a Relevant Credit Event and Relevant Event Determination Date may occur 
only in relation to the nth Reference Entity). 
What sort of indices may be referenced by Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes may reference an index 
that is either an iTraxx® index or a CDX® index. 
The iTraxx indices cover the most liquid names in the European, Asian, Middle Eastern and African 
markets and the selection methodology ensures that the indices represent the most liquid parts of the 
market. For instance, the benchmark iTraxx® Europe Main index comprises European names with sub-
indices such as Markit iTraxx® Europe Senior Financials and Markit iTraxx® Subordinated Financials 
index. The iTraxx® Crossover index comprises most liquid sub-investment grade entities. The Asia-
Pacific iTraxx® indices cover the investment-grade iTraxx® Asia ex-Japan index, the iTraxx® Australia 
index and the iTraxx® Japan index. In addition, the iTraxx® CEEMEA index covers corporate and quasi-
sovereign entities from Central & Eastern European, Middle Eastern and African countries. 
CDX indices are a family of credit indices covering North America and emerging markets having a 
selection methodology representing the markets most liquid segments. They cover sub-indices including 
CDX® North American Investment Grade, CDX® North American Investment Grade High Volatility, 
CDX® North American High Yield, CDX® North American High Yield High Beta, CDX® Emerging 
Markets, CDX® Emerging Markets Diversified. Markit also publishes a CDS index of U.S. state and 
municipal Reference Entities commonly referred to as the MCDX® index.  
More information relating to the various credit indices and standard documentation published by the 
Index Sponsor can be obtained from: https://ihsmarkit.com/products.html. 
Important information in respect of Markit Indices 
Securityholders should note that important information about Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes referencing a Markit-published index (index CDS) may be found 
on Markit's website at www.markit.com. The information on Markit's website includes the standard 
terms supplement for the applicable index CDS, the most recent and archived annexes of Reference 
Entities for the applicable index and the rules of the applicable index. Markit publishes many of the most 
widely traded credit default swap indices. With respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes based on an index CDS, the Issue Terms will specify the relevant 
terms for that index CDS published by Markit, the list of the relevant index CDS (with the relevant annex 
date) to be incorporated as published by Markit and the effective date of that index CDS.  
Markit CDX™ Markit iTraxx is a service mark of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in 
connection with specified transactions. The Index referenced in any Credit Linked Notes is the property 
of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in connection with specific transactions. The Credit 
Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the Index Sponsor or any participants under 
the Index Sponsor's rules governing the index CDS (the Index Sponsor, together with such participants, 
the Index Parties). The Index Parties make no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
and hereby expressly disclaim all warranties (including, without limitation, those of merchantability or 
fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the Index or any data included therein or relating 
thereto, and in particular disclaim any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of 
the Index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the index CDS, the 
composition of the index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise, and/or the 
creditworthiness of, or likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to, any entity in the 
index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.  
Investors should note that the Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any error in the index CDS, and the 
Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall are under no 
obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. The Index Parties, the Issuer,

--- Page 339 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
313
 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall make no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, as to the purchase of any Credit Linked Notes, or of assuming any risks in connection 
therewith. The Index Parties have no obligation to take the needs of any Investor into consideration in 
determining, composing or calculating the index CDS. The Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall have no liability to any party for any act or failure to act by 
the Index Parties in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the 
index CDS. Although the Calculation Agent or Issuer will obtain information concerning the Index from 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made, and no responsibility is accepted 
by the Issuer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates, as to the accuracy, completeness or 
timeliness of information concerning the index CDS. 
DISCRETIONARY POWERS OF THE ISSUER AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making in 
relation to Credit Linked Notes? 
Securityholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations 
with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(a) 
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether 
a Credit Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to 
deliver a Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the 
Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event;  
(b) 
where the Credit Event Redemption Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the 
Final Price on the basis of bid quotations from third party dealers; 
(c) 
determining successor Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(d) 
determining substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(e) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of 
Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(f) 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where an Event Determination Date 
occurred on a date that is different from the date first determined or that no Event Determination 
Date occurred or occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, determining, acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion, any additional amount payable to the Securityholder(s) or any 
reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Securityholders and the date on which such adjustment payment is payable; and 
(g) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred. 
Securityholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 340 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
314
 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
The worked examples below are in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes) and are included for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon. They are not an 
indication of the likely performance of, or amounts payable in respect of, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Prospective investors should conduct their own independent review and obtain such professional advice 
as they deem appropriate prior to any investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
All amounts in this Annex are denominated in EUR. 
(i) 
SINGLE NAME CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND NTH-TO-DEFAULT BASKET 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) would be 40,000,000; 
and  
(b) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 26,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
26,000,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. Although the investor receives less than 
par, as the Applicable Proportion is written down reducing the original investment to zero, 
nothing remains outstanding.  
(b) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the 
investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(26,000,000)) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.

--- Page 341 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
315
 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of R1 with a partial exercise of 
5,000,000; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Exercise Amount 
(5,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000; and  
(b) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 3,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
3,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000)) = 35,000,000 is paid on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(3,250,000)) is paid. 38,250,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000) has occurred; 
(d) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially redeemed); 
(e) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R1 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. 
R1A and R1B); 
(f) 
a (second) Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R1A;

--- Page 342 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
316
 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 90%; and 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Note equally between the Successors, giving each a partial nominal 
amount of 17,500,000 (Original investment of 40,000,000 is reduced to 35,000,000 following 
the earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R1, leaving a balance aggregate nominal amount 
of 35,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each successor); 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Partial Nominal Amount 
(17,500,000)/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 17,500,000; and  
(c) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (17,500,000) x Auction Final Price 
(90%)) would be 15,750,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
15,750,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for M(M)R 
Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay)) = 17,500,000 (Unexercised portion in respect 
of Reference Entity R1B) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for (M(M)R 
Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay)) + Sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts 
(3,250,000 (M(M)R Restructuring) + 15,750,000 (Failure to Pay)) is paid. 36,500,000 will be 
Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising three Reference Entities, R1 and R2 (where 'n' = 3); 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of R1;  
(d) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially redeemed); 
(e) 
a (second) Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R3; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:

--- Page 343 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
317
 
(a) 
the first Credit Event in respect of R1 will be disregarded (since it isn't the nth Reference Entity); 
(b) 
the second Credit Event in respect of R3 will be relevant (since it is the nth Reference Entity); 
(c) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) would be 
40,000,000; and  
(d) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 26,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
26,000,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(b) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the 
investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(26,000,000)) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(ii) 
LINEAR BASKET CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND INDEX UNTRANCHED CREDIT 
LINKED NOTES 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
since the four Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 25% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount = 10,000,000 per Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Reference Entity Notional 
Amount (10,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 10,000,000; and  
(c) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (10,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 6,500,000.

--- Page 344 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
318
 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
6,500,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000)) = 30,000,000 is paid 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(6,500,000)) is paid. 36,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000) has occurred; 
(f) 
a (second) M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of R2 with a partial 
exercise of 5,000,000; 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Exercise Amount 
(5,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000; and  
(b) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 3,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
3,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) = 25,000,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) +

--- Page 345 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
319
 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) + Sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 
(for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) is paid. 34,750,000 will be the Final 
Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000) has occurred; 
(d) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially redeemed); 
(f) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R2 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. 
R2A and R2B); 
(g) 
a (third) Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R2A; 
(h) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 90%; and 
(i) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the 
outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount equally between the Successors, giving each a 
partial nominal amount of 2,500,000 (Original Reference Entity Notional Amount of 
10,000,000 is reduced to 5,000,000 following the earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R2, 
leaving a balance aggregate nominal amount of 5,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each 
successor);  
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Partial Nominal Amount 
(2,500,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 2,500,000; and 
(c) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (2,500,000) x Auction Final Price 
(90%)) would be 2,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
2,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) = 22,500,000 (being the 
total Reference Entity Notional Amounts of unaffected Reference Entities R3 and R4 and the 
unexercised portion of R2) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) + Sum of all Auction

--- Page 346 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
320
 
Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 
2,250,000 (Failure to Pay)) is paid. 34,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(iii) 
INDEX TRANCHED CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND PORTFOLIO TRANCHED 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the Index 
comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in respect 
of Rx; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and  
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. Original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (5%)) = 
200,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000)/ Reference Entity Weighting (1%)) 
= 2,000,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x Attachment Point (0%)) 
= 0; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - Detachment Point 
(5%)) = 190,000,000; 
(e) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) x (100% - 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 700,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 700,000 and after 
deducting the Loss Threshold amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would be 700,000.  
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 700,000. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 700,000. 
(f) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject

--- Page 347 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
321
 
to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) x 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 1,300,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 1,300,000. If we 
deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 190,000,000, this would be floored at zero 
given it is a negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) + the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (700,000) = 700,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 700,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount will be zero (since there is no incurred recovery) and 
accordingly, no redemption amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000)) = 9,300,000 is 
paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000) + Sum of all Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) is paid. 9,300,000 will be the Index Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the Index 
comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial writedown of 700,000) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially written down); 
(f) 
five Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) in 
respect of Rx; 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 0%; and

--- Page 348 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
322
 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference Entities 
(2,000,000 x 5) x (100% - Auction Final Price (0%)) = 10,000,000. 
- 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 700,000 in respect of the first Credit 
Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold amount of 0 would be 10,700,000.  
- 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 9,300,000. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 9,300,000. 
(b) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject 
to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference Entities 
(2,000,000 x 5) x Auction Final Price (0%)) = 0. 
- 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 1,300,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) would be 0. If we deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 
190,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a negative number and the 
calculation for (y) would be 0. 
- 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) + the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (9,300,000) = 9,300,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 9,300,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount will be zero (since there is no incurred recovery) and 
accordingly, no redemption amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 9,300,000) + Sum 
of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0) = 0 on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.

--- Page 349 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
323
 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 9,300,000) + Sum 
of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0) = 0, i.e. the notional is completely 
wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the 
portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 
80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in respect 
of Rx; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and  
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. Original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (20%)) = 
50,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Reference Entity Weighting (1%)) 
= 500,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Attachment Point (80%)) 
= 40,000,000; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - 
Detachment Point (100%)) = 0; 
(e) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x (100% - 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 175,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 175,000. If we deducted 
the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a 
negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
- 
given the Original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 0.

--- Page 350 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
324
 
(f) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount 
(subject to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying 
any current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 325,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 325,000 and after 
deducting the Recovery Threshold Amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would be 
325,000. 
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 325,000. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 325,000. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(325,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (0) = 325,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 325,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
325,000 (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount = Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount) is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000)) = 9,675,000 is 
paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000) + Sum of all 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000)) is paid. 10,000,000 will be the Portfolio 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the 
portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 
80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial writedown of 325,000) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially written down); 
(f) 
90 Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) in 
respect of Rx;

--- Page 351 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
325
 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 10%; and  
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference Entities 
(500,000 x 90) x (100% - Auction Final Price (10%)) = 40,500,000. 
- 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 175,000 in respect of the first Credit 
Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000 would be 675,000.  
- 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 675,000. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 675,000. 
(b) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount 
(subject to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying 
any current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference Entities 
(500,000 x 90) x Auction Final Price (10%)) = 4,500,000. 
- 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 325,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) and after deducting the Recovery Threshold amount of 0 would be 
4,825,000. 
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 4,500,000. Therefore, the 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 4,500,000. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
4,500,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (675,000) = 5,175,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 5,175,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
4,500,000 (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount = Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount) is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 5,175,000)) = 
4,500,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.

--- Page 352 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
326
 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 5,175,000) + Sum 
of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000 + 4,500,000) is paid. 9,325,000 will 
be the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
Note: In respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the examples above assume that no Credit 
Events have occurred in respect of Reference Entities referenced by the relevant Index at the Trade 
Date (or prior to the Issue Date). If such Credit Events have occurred, the incurred loss amounts and 
incurred recovery amounts in respect of such Reference Entities (i.e. the Settled Entities) would need 
to be factored in while calculating the aggregate losses and aggregate recoveries and the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount would need to be reduced by the settled entity incurred loss and settled 
entity incurred recovery on the Issue Date.

--- Page 353 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
327
 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Securities set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only 
Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked 
Notes. The applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The following are the conditions (the Credit Linked Conditions) that will apply to the Notes if the 
applicable Issue Terms provides that "Credit Linked Notes" is applicable (the Credit Linked Notes). 
These Credit Linked Conditions apply as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as completed, 
modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any 
inconsistency between these Credit Linked Conditions and the General Conditions, these Credit Linked 
Conditions will prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and 
italicised shall not form part of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Credit Linked Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions or elsewhere in the General Conditions which are applicable to the Credit Linked Notes will 
have the meanings given to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in these Credit Linked 
Conditions to "Credit Linked Notes" are to the Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, of one Series 
only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme. In respect of Credit Linked 
Notes which specify more than one Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, all references in these 
Credit Linked Conditions to "the Reference Entity" shall be construed to refer to "a Reference Entity" or 
the "relevant Reference Entity" in respect of which the relevant determination is made at any relevant 
time and all related provisions and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition 
are to the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not occurred and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall 
be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at the Maturity Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred:  
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are also Credit 
Linked Principal Notes, the Issuer will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in 
part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes); 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes);

--- Page 354 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
328
 
(iv) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(v) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will write 
down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(vi) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
write down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes); and  
(vii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes), 
in each case subject to Credit Linked Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring), 21 (Effect of DC 
Resolutions), 22 (Successor Provisions) or in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
only, Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), as 
applicable.  
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 
15 (Auction Redemption Terms), 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), 17 (Physical Redemption 
Terms) or 18 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise provided herein, 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note affected by the 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, shall be discharged in full.  
As a result of one or more Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, Securityholders may 
receive less than the principal amount of a Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be 
zero). Any shortfall shall be borne by the Securityholders and no liability shall attach to the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant 
Risk Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to General Condition 8(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the Option of 
the Securityholders and Redemption for Force Majeure, Act of State, Illegality or 
Impossibility), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), 
General Condition 8(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or General 
Condition 13 (Events of Default);  
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 19 
(Redemption upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 24(c) (Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series),  
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date 
or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, in each case, in accordance with the applicable 
General Condition or Credit Linked Conditions. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit 
Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an event triggering early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (as described above), the occurrence of the Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the

--- Page 355 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
329
 
relevant Credit Linked Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable to Securityholders will be 
determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
only. 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event), and provided that 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, interest 
(if any) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with General Condition 7 (Interest) (as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to 
Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes); and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount specified in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms shall be payable in 
the Settlement Currency on such Interest Payment Date, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes).  
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 7 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a 
corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, the payment of interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest), if any in respect of the Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit 
Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit Linked Note) or the payment of the LA Interest 
Amount (if any) in respect of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit Linked Conditions 3 
(Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes), 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) or 9 (Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes), as applicable, will be suspended as of: 
(i) 
if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the first Business 
Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable.

--- Page 356 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
330
 
In such case,  
(x)  
in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit 
Linked Note), interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the Applicable Proportion of such Credit 
Linked Note: 
(I) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or, (where there is no Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date), the Issue Date 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date; or 
(y)  
in respect of each relevant Local Access Credit Linked Note, the LA Interest 
Amount corresponding to the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be payable if, 
and only if, an Interest Payment Date occurs during the period: 
(I) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, or, (where there is no Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date), the Issue Date 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit 
Event or a potential Risk Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following 
announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment 
of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) and 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), if, on or 
prior to an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted in respect of which a DC 
Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been 
published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether 
it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question; or 
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and corresponding 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders, 
the payment of any interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in respect of the Applicable Proportion or of the LA Interest Amount, as applicable, 
will be suspended as of the Interest Payment Date on or immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, or, where 
there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date, notwithstanding 
that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, has not then occurred provided that, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
only, if the Calculation Agent determines that the payment of LA Interest Amount for the 
relevant Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being unaffected 
by the potential Risk Event or otherwise), such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest 
Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on 
their Notes is suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest

--- Page 357 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
331
 
following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk 
Event). 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (i) on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be an M(M)R 
Restructuring and (z) irrespective of the Credit Event Redemption Method or Risk Event 
Redemption Method, as applicable, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Fixed Recovery 
Percentage of zero per cent. will apply and (ii) in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 3 
(Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes), as applicable. 
Except for such portion of interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, payment of any 
interest or Contingent Interest, as applicable, on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Note (which is unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable) and any Non-Contingent Interest, in each case if applicable, will be payable to 
Securityholders as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by the DC Secretary or determination 
by the Calculation Agent  
If: 
(i) 
in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question: 
A. 
an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs; or 
B.  
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs or the DC Secretary 
announces that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be 
convening to Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question;  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no longer occur; or 
(iii) 
the LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes has occurred, 
as applicable, payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days 
following (I) in the case of sub-paragraph (A) above, the relevant announcement by the DC 
Secretary or (II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no 
longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and any Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable) or the LA-Cut-off Date, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) shall continue to be suspended until a relevant announcement by the DC 
Secretary described above occur, the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) can occur or 
an LA Cut-Off Date occurs. In such circumstances, Securityholders may not receive any 
interest for multiple Interest Periods and no liability shall attach to the Issuer for any such 
non-payment of interest. 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date:

--- Page 358 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
332
 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is greater than 
the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration the 
Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest 
Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is less than 
the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration the 
Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest 
Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall deduct the absolute value of (x) the interest 
amount actually suspended minus (y) the interest amount that should have been 
suspended (the absolute value of such amount, the Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount) from future payments of Interest Amounts until the Interest Suspension 
Shortfall Amount is reduced to zero, provided that if there is an outstanding Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount at the time that the Credit Linked Notes are being 
redeemed or written down in full (whether at maturity or upon early redemption), such 
interest shall be deducted from any amount payable to Securityholders at such time, or 
where Physical Redemption or LA Physical Redemption applies, Delivery of the relevant 
assets shall take into account any reduction as is required to be effected.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be 
deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being 
insufficient), the Issuer shall have no further claims against the Securityholders for any 
amounts not deducted. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) applies only if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" applies in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, 
notwithstanding the suspension of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension 
of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event), the relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall accrue interest at the Funding 
Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (regardless of whether "No Interest Accrual on 
Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), from (and including) the first Business Day 
immediately following the (x) Relevant Event Determination Date or (y) Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, to (but excluding in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) and 
including in the case of paragraph (iii)) the earliest to occur of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and  
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, corresponding to the Credit

--- Page 359 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
333
 
Event Redemption Date which results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full,  
such interest, the "Funding Interest Amount". 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes) shall not 
apply to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and, 
accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only 
(subject to the Successor provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions).  
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or 
no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an 
M(M)R Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) is 
applicable). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
(i) 
Credit Linked Principal Notes 
For Credit Linked Principal Notes, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General 
Condition 7 (Interest), following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(A) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension 
of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event); 
(B) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance 
with General Condition 7 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y)

--- Page 360 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
334
 
and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the 
Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination 
Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results 
in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(C) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on 
Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of 
Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Interest Notes 
For Credit Linked Interest Notes, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General 
Condition 7 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(A) 
any Contingent Interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); and 
(B) 
(x) any Non-Contingent Interest will continue to be payable on the Single Name 
Credit Linked Note and (y) any Contingent Interest will continue to accrue as 
usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in each case in accordance with General 
Condition 7 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (y) the 
Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full. 
(iii) 
Scheduled Maturity Date 
Regardless of whether the Securities are Credit Linked Principal Notes or Credit Linked 
Interest Notes, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms 
by reference to an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the 
date which would have been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the 
occurrence of a Credit Event, interest (or a portion thereof) has ceased to accrue in 
accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Principal Notes: 
(A) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(B) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;

--- Page 361 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
335
 
(C) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, 
as applicable; or 
(D) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes: 
(A) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(B) 
such date as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(C) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, 
as applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Principal Notes following a Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Auction 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction

--- Page 362 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
336
 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash Redemption 
Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms).  
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject

--- Page 363 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
337
 
to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
(g) 
No redemption of Credit Linked Interest Notes following a Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition will apply to Credit Linked Interest Notes only. 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date and notwithstanding that: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note has been determined 
for the sole purpose of calculating the amount of interest that has ceased to accrue in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3(d)(ii) (Credit Linked Interest Notes); and  
(ii) 
a Credit Event Redemption Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will remain outstanding in full until the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, whereupon each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 1(a) (Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event has occurred) and the occurrence of 
such Relevant Credit Event shall be disregarded. For the avoidance of doubt, Credit Linked 
Conditions 14(b) (Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise), 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms), 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) and 18 
(Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms) will not apply to such Credit Linked Notes. 
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) 
shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. 
All Reference Entities in the basket are subject to the occurrence of one or more Credit Events; 
however, redemption is only triggered if a Credit Event occurs in respect of the nth Reference 
Entity (and such Credit Event in respect of the nth Reference Entity will be a Relevant Credit 
Event for the purpose of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes).  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or 
no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket

--- Page 364 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
338
 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Nth-to-Default Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is 
not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 7 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 7 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including 
in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding 
Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(iii) 
if the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or

--- Page 365 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
339
 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, needs to have occurred 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity), the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the 
"Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at 
the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition

--- Page 366 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
340
 
13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption 
had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall not 
apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities.

--- Page 367 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
341
 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity (not affecting the other Reference 
Entity(ies) in the basket), such Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part to 
reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entity and accordingly, 
Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in 
proportion to its respective weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the 
Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no successor event has 
occurred); or 
(y)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Linear Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an 
M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 7 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in accordance with General 
Condition 7 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the 
case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) an Early 
Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full; and

--- Page 368 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
342
 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(iii) 
if the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Auction 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 369 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
343
 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Physical Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) of these 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 370 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
344
 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes) shall 
not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of the performance of component 
Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be either an iTraxx® or CDX® index). 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed in part to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference 
Entity and accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity 
in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where 
the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no successor event 
has occurred); or

--- Page 371 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
345
 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Index Untranched Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not 
an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of 
Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 7 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event);  
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance 
with General Condition 7 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and 
including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) 
the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable, which results in the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(iii) 
if the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable.

--- Page 372 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
346
 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the 
"Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity

--- Page 373 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
347
 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 22 (Successor Provisions), 24(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 
29 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice, unless 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (a) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (b) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (b) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on 
Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) shall be deemed not to have been 
delivered. 
(i) 
Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index (such Reference Entity, a Restructured Entity), from 
(and including) the calendar day immediately following the date of such DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the relevant Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms:

--- Page 374 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
348
 
(i) 
the Restructured Entity will be deemed to have been removed from the Index and the 
Index Annex;  
(ii) 
the portion of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes relating to such Restructured 
Entity will not redeem but will instead continue as Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
referencing the Restructured Entity with the same economic terms and conditions that 
such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes had immediately before such DC Credit 
Event Announcement, except that the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6(i) 
(Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index) shall not apply 
(such new Credit Linked Notes, the New Single Name Credit Linked Notes) and if 
exercised, the Applicable Proportion of each New Single Name Credit Linked Note will 
redeem in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 6(f) 
(Redemption following a Credit Event); and 
(iii) 
following such event, and unless Resolved otherwise by a relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, such New Single Name Credit Linked Notes (referencing 
solely the Restructured Entity) shall apply such that the economic terms of the New 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes as closely as possible preserve the economic 
equivalent of the relevant Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event 
Announcement and the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such New Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes shall be to the Reference Entity Notional Amount with 
respect to the Restructured Entity immediately prior to the DC Credit Event 
Announcement. 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be treated for all 
purposes as Single Name Credit Linked Notes under these Credit Linked Conditions. 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) shall 
not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be 
either an iTraxx® or CDX® index).  
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount in 
respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Securityholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 7(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may be also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions).

--- Page 375 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
349
 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the relevant Principal Writedown 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 7 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Index Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or an Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the Principal 
Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date (notwithstanding, 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and there is an Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, that the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be 
payable until the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as 
applicable) purely for the purposes of determining the interest amount accrued;  
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with paragraph (ii) 
above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General Condition 7 
(Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the 
earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the 
Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results 
in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and  
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by 
reference to an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date 
which would have been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the 
occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on:

--- Page 376 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
350
 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
an Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event Redemption 
Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the 
relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination 
Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(iii) 
if the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption 
Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final 
Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) of 
these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Index Tranched Credit Linked

--- Page 377 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
351
 
Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note on the 
Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption Amount 
(if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the outstanding portion of each 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms) of 
these Credit Linked Conditions. 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed to be amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 22 (Successor Provisions), 24(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 
29 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice, unless 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (a) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (b) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant

--- Page 378 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
352
 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (b) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 7(h) (Restriction on 
Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) shall be deemed not to have been 
delivered. 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) shall 
not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket. 
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount 
in respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Securityholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note; and  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Principal Writedown Amount in 
respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 7 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event);

--- Page 379 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
353
 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the 
Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date 
(notwithstanding, where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, that the Portfolio 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the purposes 
of determining the interest amount accrued;  
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with 
paragraph (ii) above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 7 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including 
in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed 
in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price 
Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(iii) 
if the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable.

--- Page 380 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
354
 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption 
Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final 
Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note on 
the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer

--- Page 381 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
355
 
shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the outstanding portion 
of each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption 
Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
9. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes) shall not 
apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of one Reference Entity where such 
Reference Entity is a sovereign of a local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to the 
credit risk of such Reference Entity, Securityholders are also exposed to additional risks 
associated with such local access jurisdictions. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event with respect to Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Local Access Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where no successor event has occurred); or 
(y)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to 
application of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest 
General Condition 7 (Interest) will not be applicable to Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition shall apply instead.

--- Page 382 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
356
 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the Interest Payment Date of 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be suspended in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the payment of LA Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Payment 
Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being unaffected by the potential Risk 
Event or otherwise), such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest Amount will be 
payable as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date;  
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Credit Linked Note is not 
reduced to zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date as usual (but only to the extent of any apportioned amount 
following any multiple successor determination or other adjustment deemed necessary 
to give effect to the terms of the Credit Linked Conditions as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access Credit Linked Note to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date corresponding to 
the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full, except that in the case of (y) and (z) interest shall 
be payable if, and only if, the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred on or prior to 
the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business 
Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that interest shall 
be payable if, and only if, the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that interest shall be payable if and only if the relevant Interest Payment 
Date has occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, provided that interest 
shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to 
the relevant Early Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or

--- Page 383 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
357
 
(iv) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, 
the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event)), the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "LA Cash Redemption" Risk 
Event Redemption Method, the "LA Physical Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method or 
the "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where "LA Cash Redemption" is specified as the Risk 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Risk Event" and (ii) LA Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption 
Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) LA Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event Redemption 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Local Access Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of each 
Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the LA Settlement Assets by the LA 
Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Securityholder of each Local Access 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
(if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 384 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
358
 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" occurs) or the 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" occurs) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA 
Cash Redemption Terms), provided that the LA Cash Redemption Amount shall be 
determined using the Fixed Recovery Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
instead of the LA Recovery Amount, as further set out in the definition of LA Cash 
Redemption Amount in Credit Linked Condition 29 (Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the Final 
LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the 
Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local Access 
Credit Linked Note. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount 
in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, 
accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. 
The Securityholders will bear the loss of their entire principal and no liability shall 
attach to the Issuer. 
Where "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, 
then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any 
payment due to the Securityholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be Delivered 
to the Securityholders, shall be reduced (provided that, such reduction amount shall be 
in the currency of the payment due or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded down 
to the nearest denomination of the LA Settlement Assets)), as the case may be, and equal 
to each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Regulatory Change Cost; 
and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest  
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the 
last day of the final Calculation Period that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount 
in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the Securityholder(s) shall be reduced by an 
amount that in aggregate is equal in value to each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata 
share of such Interest Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 385 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
359
 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal  
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to 
the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and (ii) 
an Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes being early redeemed in full, 
that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment of principal 
(howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor Assets, then any 
payment(s) of principal due to the Securityholder(s) (including any Early Redemption Amount, 
Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or amount of LA Settlement 
Assets to be delivered to the Securityholder(s) (rounded down to the nearest denomination of 
the LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of such Principal Tax Deduction 
Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
10. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
Securityholders should note that paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Credit Linked Condition are 
specific to Credit Linked Notes in respect of which a Credit Event Notice is relevant and will 
therefore not apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information 
is required to be delivered for an effective Notice Delivery Date and related Event 
Determination Date to occur, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the Credit Event Notice and, 
if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon 
receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the Principal Paying Agent to make available to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is not 
required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation 
Agent shall give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption 
or writedown, as applicable, of the Credit Linked Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the 
same information required to be included in a Credit Event Notice and if applicable, a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), 
forward them to the Principal Paying Agent for delivery to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent's determination of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without 
limitation, the Principal Paying Agent and each Securityholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or one or more of their 
respective affiliates will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent 
for any reason to determine that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred or 
with respect to the Calculation Agent or the Issuer's timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event 
Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or check whether any 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. 
11. 
Relevant Time 
(a) 
Event timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) and Credit Linked Condition 11(b) (Payment 
timing), in order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market 
convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which

--- Page 386 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
360
 
such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight. 
(b) 
Payment timing 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Credit Event Notice" or "Risk Event Notice" and Credit 
Linked Condition 11(a) (Event timing), if a payment is not made by the relevant Reference 
Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then 
such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight 
Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is 
the market convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time 
zone of its place of payment. 
12. 
Event Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events 
(a) 
Occurrence of Event Determination Date 
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date 
is deemed by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (i) to have occurred on a date that is 
different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (ii) 
not to have occurred, or (iii) to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, then: 
(A) 
in respect of the event specified at (ii) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed or written down in full, the redemption or writedown of the Credit 
Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall continue in accordance 
with their terms as if the relevant Event Determination Date had not occurred; and 
(B) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine (I) the adjustment payment, if any, that 
is payable to Securityholders to reflect any change that may be necessary to the amount 
previously calculated and/or paid in respect of the relevant Series; and (II) the date on 
which such adjustment payment is payable, if any and thereafter notify the Issuer of such 
adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest, shall be taken into 
account when calculating any such adjustment payment, 
and in the case of (iii) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked 
Notes). 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as 
practicable thereafter without the consent of Securityholders being required to make the above 
adjustments. 
(b) 
Ordering of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple 
Credit Events or Risk Events 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs in 
respect of more than one Reference Entity, if applicable, on the same day, the occurrence of the 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, will be determined 
chronologically in the order that either of the following events occurred with respect to such 
Reference Entity(ies): 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if a Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date occurs in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on the same day, 
the first Reference Entity in respect of which the DC Secretary announces that the 
relevant DC Credit Event Question was effective and the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question will be deemed to have 
satisfied this condition first) (a DC-determined EDD); or 
(ii) 
the delivery of the Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable (provided 
that if any of the relevant Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, are

--- Page 387 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
361
 
delivered at the same time, in a sequential order determined by the Calculation Agent) 
(a Notice-determined EDD), 
provided that: 
(A) 
if a Notice-determined EDD is amended by the occurrence of a DC-determined 
EDD, the DC-determined EDD will govern; 
(B) 
if both (x) one or more DC-determined EDDs and (y) one or more Notice-
determined EDDs occur on the same day, any such DC-determined EDD shall be 
deemed to have occurred prior to any such Notice-determined EDD, 
notwithstanding the exact time of the occurrence of such events on such day; and 
(C) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice is delivered 
following a DC Credit Event Announcement, the Relevant Credit Event and 
related Relevant Event Determination Date shall be construed as having occurred 
under Credit Linked Condition 12(b)(i) instead of Credit Linked Condition 
12(b)(ii). 
13. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that: 
(i) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(x) 
may be subject to (A) a Credit Event or (B) a Risk Event, as applicable (including, 
without limitation, where a DC Credit Event Question has been submitted but the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC 
Credit Event Announcement, announced a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, 
declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved whether or not to 
convene to resolve any issue); 
(y) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if "Grace Period Extension" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(z) 
is 
or 
may 
be 
subject 
to 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
if 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms;  
(ii) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, may be delivered after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurring; 
(iii) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring;  
(iv) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, or the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date in 
relation to any Physical Redemption, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial 
Cash Redemption Date, as applicable); 
(v) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/ Delivery Failure Event may 
occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(vi) 
a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date,

--- Page 388 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
362
 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the 
Securityholders and the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but shall instead be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including 
any interest payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension) apply, such amount shall fall due on the Extended Maturity Date and 
shall be payable without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the 
payment of such amount. 
14. 
M(M)R Restructuring 
Securityholders should note that this Credit Linked Condition does not apply to Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition, the definitions of "Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount" and "Reference Entity Notional Amount" shall be construed in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) 
where apportionment of calculation amounts as a result of multiple successors being 
identified is to be applied. 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after an M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple 
Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring to the Issuer (who shall forward 
such notice(s) to the Principal Paying Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders), each 
such Credit Event Notice specifying either (i) the amount of the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes to which such Credit Event Notice applies or (ii) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, to which such Credit Event 
Notice applies, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent which may: 
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, be less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of such Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, may be less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity, 
(such amounts specified in the Credit Event Notice, the Exercise Amount), provided that if the 
Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, then: 
(A) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice; or 
(B) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected Reference Entity immediately 
prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice,  
in either case, as determined by the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an 
Exercise Amount that is less than (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, or (ii) the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the 
Affected Reference Entity, in each case, as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such

--- Page 389 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
363
 
Credit Event Notice, the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to a principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the 
relevant provisions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that specifies 
an Exercise Amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or, (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
specifies an Exercise Amount that is less than the Affected Reference Entity's Reference Entity 
Notional Amount, then: 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) relating to the redemption or 
writedown of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount, including for the 
purposes of calculating the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or the Physical 
Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Securityholders or, in the case of Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, for the purposes of 
calculating the relevant Loss Amount, Recovery Amount and corresponding Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as 
applicable. In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent may adjust such provisions of 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or applicable Issue Terms as it determines appropriate 
to take account of this Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R Restructuring), including the 
basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption Amount, the Principal 
Writedown Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to 
Securityholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of 
the Physical Redemption Assets to Securityholders or any other determination made in 
respect of any Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount or 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (as applicable) for the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity shall (in all cases without double counting) be reduced by an amount equal to the 
Exercise Amount (and for the avoidance of doubt, where applicable, the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be reduced accordingly). The Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount as provided for in General Condition 7 (Interest) and the Calculation 
Agent may thereafter deliver one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate 
to account for such event. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) in the case of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, once 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity, no further Credit 
Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Affected 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the first occurring Restructuring Credit Event; and (ii) 
in the case of a Credit Linked Note subject to multiple successor determinations or a Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, the fact that a Restructuring Credit 
Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event 
Notice in respect of any other Reference Entity.

--- Page 390 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
364
 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) apply in respect of the 
Credit Linked Notes, on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant 
Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate (as defined in the Trust Deed), such Global Registered Note Certificate, shall be 
endorsed to reflect such part redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be (i) an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency 
(or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) or an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or the entire Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as applicable. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal, or (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, is not greater than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity.  
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
15. 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent 
determines with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question, Applicable Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;  
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 15(a) 
(Fallback Redemption) or sub-paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) under the definition of "No 
Auction Announcement Date", the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement 
Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held in 
accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms;  
(iv) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs;  
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days 
after such Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(b)(ii)(B)(II)(2) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash 
Redemption is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if Physical 
Redemption is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method).

--- Page 391 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
365
 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent determines in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", 
the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option to the Issuer (who will then send a subsequent notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders) at any time on or prior to the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is so delivered, then any 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be effected by the Issuer by payment of the relevant 
Auction Redemption Amount on the relevant Auction Redemption Date(or, if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" applies, by payment of the Final Auction Redemption Amount on the Final 
Auction Redemption Date), as applicable, and any such redemption and/or writedown of the 
Credit Linked Notes shall be determined on the basis of the Auction Final Price determined by 
reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to "Applicable Auction", 
"Applicable Auction Settlement Terms", "Auction Cancellation Date" and "Auction Final Price 
Determination Date" shall be deemed to be references to the "Parallel Auction", "Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms" and "Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" and the terms of these 
Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable 
Auction reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), as applicable (including any cash forming part 
of the Asset Package and the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-
Transferable Instrument), the Auction Redemption Amount, Final Auction Redemption 
Amount, Loss Amount or Recovery Amount (calculated for the purpose of determining the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any), 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(if any), as applicable), as applicable, shall be determined using such Auction Final Price. 
(d) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver 
the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Principal Paying Agent no later than five 
Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. The Principal Paying 
Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction Redemption Amount 
Notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Securityholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) 
any Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective 
of whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, 
is less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, 
respectively, and (ii) any Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 392 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
366
 
16. 
Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), on the Valuation 
Date, the Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using the 
Valuation Obligation to be valued. 
(ii) 
If: 
(A) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include accrued 
but unpaid interest; 
(B) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(C) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or 
exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining 
all Quotations for a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, 
the Final Price Determination Date), provide the Issuer with a Cash Redemption Amount 
Notice. The Issuer shall deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent no later than five Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date. The 
Principal Paying Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Cash 
Redemption Amount Notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
26 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Securityholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) 
any Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective 
of whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, 
is less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, 
respectively, and (ii) any incurred Loss Amount or incurred Recovery Amount in respect of an 
Affected Reference Entity. 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and 
such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, 
to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event and (B) if the Asset 
Package is zero, a Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, equal to zero. 
(c) 
LA Cash Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Relevant Risk Event by the Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a Risk Event Notice 
to the Issuer, who shall thereafter forward such notice to the Principal Paying Agent. The 
Principal Paying Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than

--- Page 393 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
367
 
the LA Cash Redemption Date, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Determination of LA Recovery Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the LA Recovery Amount on the LA Valuation 
Date. 
17. 
Physical Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension) and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if (a) Physical Redemption is 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms; or (b) 
Physical Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires that the Issuer redeems the 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical 
Redemption Terms) following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note, shall, subject to and in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), be redeemed by, in 
respect of each Securityholder: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Securityholder) of 
the Physical Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets); and (ii) 
payment of the Partial Cash Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount 
(if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) or any Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount (where applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
17(j)(iii) (Asset Package Delivery) pursuant to which the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the redemption of the Applicable Proportions of each Credit Linked Note shall be fully 
and effectively discharged. 
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining portion 
of each Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the later of 
(i) the later to occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended Maturity 
Date, as applicable, at the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the Credit 
Linked Notes early redeem in full, the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption 
Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms): 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and a 
corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer shall forward the relevant Credit Event Notice and such Notice of Physical 
Settlement to the Principal Paying Agent for onward delivery to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable and, in any case, prior to the relevant Physical Redemption Date. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS 
Amendment Notice stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in part, 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a 
prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which such notice shall be sent to 
the Principal Paying Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Securityholder shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent (and 
where the relevant Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior 
to 3.00 p.m. (London) on the 10th Business Day following the date of effective

--- Page 394 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
368
 
delivery by the Principal Paying Agent of the Notice of Physical Settlement to the 
Securityholders and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a duly completed 
notice in writing (a Deliverable Obligation Notice): 
(I) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, specifying the Series number of the Credit Linked Notes which 
is the subject of the Deliverable Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment of the 
Physical Redemption Assets which may include, without limitation, (a) 
the name, address and/or details of the relevant Securityholder's (or the 
Securityholder's designee's) account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as applicable (the Relevant Clearing System), to be debited 
with such Physical Redemption Assets and/or any bank, broker, agent or 
designee of the Securityholder to whom documents evidencing the transfer 
of Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) irrevocably 
instructing and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to debit the 
relevant Securityholder's account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, Fallback Cash Redemption Amount or Asset 
Package Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) is to be credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit Linked 
Note's pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery Expenses or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if any) shall be deducted from 
the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by a 
Registered Note Certificate (as defined in the Trust Deed), that the 
beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked Note is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), the Note is not being 
redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no 
cash, notes or other property have been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in 
connection with any redemption thereof; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Agency Agreement;  
(VII) if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the definitive 
Credit Linked Notes;  
(VIII) providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Securityholder's holdings; and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be 
transferred until Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any transfer 
restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Securityholders 
together with the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) 
such relevant Securityholder or its designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the 
only person entitled to delivery of its portion of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as 
such (ii) the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Credit Linked Notes which are 
the subject of such notice.

--- Page 395 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
369
 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in 
such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as 
provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent, on the Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the relevant Securityholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash Redemption 
Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in respect of each 
Securityholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the details specified in the 
applicable Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets), the Issuer 
may only Deliver the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully Delivered, the 
Issuer or any other person (including the Issuer's Affiliates) will continue to be the legal 
holder of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets. None 
of the Issuer nor any such other person will (i) be under any obligation to deliver or 
procure delivery to any Securityholder or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, 
circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or that 
other person in its capacity as legal holder of such Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under 
any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) 
attaching to such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, 
(iii) be under any liability to such Securityholder or any other person in respect of any 
loss or damage which such Securityholder or other person may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other person being the legal 
holder of such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, or 
(iv) have any liability whatsoever to any Securityholder or any other person if, as a result 
of a Payment/Delivery Failure Event or for any other reason whatsoever (including 
without limitation Credit Linked Conditions 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative 
amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation) to 17(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered)) or Credit Linked Condition 17(j)(iv) 
(Asset Package Delivery), it is unable to effect Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Physical Redemption Assets and the obligations hereunder shall be 
satisfied by partial cash settlement or fallback cash redemption (if applicable) or shall 
cease, and be deemed to be fully discharged in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption 
Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a Securityholder is not a whole integral 
multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at the 
relevant time of Delivery, the Issuer will Deliver and such Securityholder will only be 
entitled to receive such portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer 
which is as large a size as possible (as determined by the Calculation Agent, after 
consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and application of rounding to 
such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the nearest unit of transfer, in its sole 
discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets not so delivered shall be 
deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholders in 
respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption 
Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Securityholders Deliverable Obligations 
with an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or the 
equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less than, that

--- Page 396 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
370
 
which each Securityholder would otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of Physical 
Redemption Assets.  
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 17(c) (Election 
to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation); 
or  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be Delivered 
due to an event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any Applicable 
Auction) which results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations under its Hedging Positions (such obligations which cannot be 
Delivered, a Hedge Disruption Obligation),  
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in Credit 
Linked Condition 17(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation Agent 
may (but is not obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading 
price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall be 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for onward delivery to Securityholders) that alternative 
Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of any other Deliverable Obligation specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, satisfying on 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that 
it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). If no Delivery has been completed 
on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each 
Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (including the Hedge Disruption Obligations) shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality  
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any 
Securityholder to accept Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond if an Asset Package Credit Event has 
occurred) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the Physical Redemption Date (including, without limitation, failure of the 
relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market 
conditions or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans), 
then on or before such date: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of any of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery; and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving 
rise to such impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer 
shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice as applicable 
which were not delivered on the Delivery Date.

--- Page 397 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
371
 
The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are subsequently 
Delivered shall be the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed Delivery of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, relating to the Relevant Credit Event.  
If following the occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable 
Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Securityholders on or prior to 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the 
partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (the Undeliverable Obligations). 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned 
or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in 
the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant participation is 
not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) 
(Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Consent Required Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned 
or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in 
the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant participation is 
not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) 
(Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Assignable Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the Unassignable 
Obligations). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation 
is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption

--- Page 398 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
372
 
pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable that consist of Direct Loan 
Participations in respect of which the relevant participation is not effected (the Undeliverable 
Participations). 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans 
(other than any Loan which (i) is a Prior Deliverable Obligation which the Issuer has 
notified the Principal Paying Agent it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu thereof, 
or (ii) forms part of an Asset Package which the Issuer has notified the Principal Paying 
Agent it intends to Deliver) on or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the 
relevant Physical Redemption Date (the Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date), sub-
paragraph (ii) of this Credit Linked Condition 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to 
Loans not Delivered) shall apply unless (A) "Reference Obligation Only" has been 
specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms, (B) in 
the case of a Consent Required Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required 
Loans" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case 
Credit Linked Condition 17(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans) 
shall apply), (C) in the case of an Assignable Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of 
Assignable Loans" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in 
which case Credit Linked Condition 17(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable 
Loans)) shall apply), (D) in the case of a Direct Loan Participation, "Partial Cash 
Redemption of Participation" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 17(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Participations) shall apply) or (E) in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an event 
described in Credit Linked Condition 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to 
Impossibility or Illegality) (in which case Credit Linked Condition 17(d) (Partial Cash 
Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at any 
time after the 15th Business Day following the Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date, 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan and after 
taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative 
Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation", Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer or any 
Assignable Loan, and having on both the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery 
Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent Required 
Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such 
instrument shall be deemed specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be 
effective notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical 
Redemption Date), such instrument may be further delivered by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders without the consent of any person being required. In the event that the 
Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable Obligations to be delivered in lieu of all or 
part of such Loan are not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the 
fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, or alternative Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer shall pay Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such 
purpose, the Deliverable Obligations not Delivered shall constitute "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 
17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 399 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
373
 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in 
Credit Linked Conditions 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 
17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the 
fallback cash redemption terms referred to in Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the 
Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets 
corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (each an 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation) the Partial Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical Redemption Assets which 
cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 20(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver), 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation), 17(g) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Participations) or 17(j)(iv) (Asset Package Delivery) (each, an 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation), the Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of 
the Physical Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligations, the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date (each as determined in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 
17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms)); 
(ii) 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount means an aggregate amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations representing 
in respect of each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the greater 
of (A) (I) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the 
Currency Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation (or in the 
case of an Asset Package, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond), as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price with respect to such 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner), minus (III) Unwind Costs, if 
any and (B) zero;  
(iii) 
Partial Cash Redemption Date and Fallback Cash Redemption Date means the date 
as selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 10 Business 
Days following the Final Price Determination Date; 
(iv) 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount has the same meaning as set out in "Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount", provided that each reference therein to "Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation"; 
(v) 
Reference Obligation means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the 
determination of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation; 
(vi) 
Valuation Date means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
Valuation Method means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, 
Market Value; 
(viii) Quotation Method means Bid; 
(ix) 
Quotation Amount means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which shall be converted by the

--- Page 400 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
374
 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as 
applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount for the 
purposes of seeking a Quotation; 
(x) 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
such time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as 
close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for 
transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, as applicable, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal 
trading market for transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, would be closed at such time or such 
transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such 
time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be specified by 
the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
Market Value means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or an 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more than 
three Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if more 
than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then one of such 
highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (B) if exactly three Full 
Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and 
lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest 
or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, subject to sub-
paragraph (B) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount that the Calculation 
Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations 
are obtained; and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained on the same Business 
Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Market 
Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation 
Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Market Value 
shall be determined as provided in limbs (B) to (D) of the definition of "Quotation" 
below; 
(xii) 
Quotation means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of either 
(a) if the Reference Obligation is not an Asset Package, the Reference Obligation's 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or (b) if the 
Reference Obligation is an Asset Package, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in each case, with respect to a 
Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day 
thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more 
Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the 
same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or, if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the Quotations shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 401 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
375
 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or 
determination made pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Suspension 
of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event); 
(D) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice 
in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable Obligation or Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued 
but unpaid interest. 
(j) 
Asset Package Delivery 
(i) 
If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs then "Asset Package Delivery" will apply unless 
(A) such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date 
determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC 
Credit Event Announcement applicable to an Event Determination Date, (B) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior 
to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (C) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
"Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published 
by ISDA). 
(ii) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (A) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond forming part of the Physical Redemption Assets which is 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, (B) the definition of "Deliver" shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in 
the Asset Package, provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if 
it were a Loan for this purpose, (C) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount 
of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have 
been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has 
notified the Principal Paying Agent of the detailed description of the Asset Package that 
it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of Physical Settlement", 
(D) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset 
Package in the correct proportion and (E) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable 
Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of 
cash equal to the Asset Market Value, converted if necessary into the currency of 
denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the preceding sub-paragraphs of this Credit Linked Condition 17(j) 
(Asset Package Delivery), the Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the 
Asset Package (such assets, the Non-Deliverable Asset Package) as Physical 
Redemption Assets to pay to the Securityholders the Asset Market Value of the Non-
Deliverable Asset Package, converted if necessary, into the currency of denomination of 
the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith (such cash payment the Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount). Payment of the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount shall 
be made on or before the tenth Business Day following determination of the Asset 
Market Value of the Non-Deliverable Asset Package and such date of payment shall be 
deemed to be the Physical Redemption Date.  
In determining the Asset Market Value, the Calculation Agent may also deem Cash 
Redemption to apply pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) 
with respect to the Asset Package and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder each

--- Page 402 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
376
 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata amount of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date in satisfaction of its payment obligation with respect to 
the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount. For such purpose, the related Asset 
Package shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the 
application of Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date 
shall be the date the Calculation Agent deems Cash Redemption to apply. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer has not satisfied its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset 
Package in the correct proportion on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) instead Deliver, after taking into 
account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative Deliverable 
Obligation, any other Deliverable Obligation selected the Issuer and having on both the 
Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying 
the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such Deliverable Obligation 
shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective 
notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). 
If Delivery of the Asset Package or any other Deliverable Obligation in lieu of the same 
is not completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash 
Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption 
terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Asset Package which has not been 
Delivered and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder their Credit Linked Note's pro 
rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption 
Date. 
(v) 
For such purpose, the entire Asset Package shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial 
Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Issuer shall pay 
the Securityholder the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. 
(k) 
LA Physical Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Risk Event by the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Issuer, who shall thereafter 
forward such notice to the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal Paying Agent shall 
then, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Physical Redemption 
Date, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices). In order for the Local Access Credit Linked Notes to be 
redeemed in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition, the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 17(a)(iii) shall also apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes save 
that the words "Physical Redemption Assets", "Credit Event" and "Credit Event Notice" 
shall be construed as "LA Settlement Assets", "Risk Event" and "Risk Event Notice" 
accordingly. 
(ii) 
Delivery of LA Settlement Assets 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if LA Physical 
Redemption is specified as the Risk Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note shall be 
redeemed by: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Securityholder) of each Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes pro rata share of the principal amount of LA Settlement 
Assets of an amount equal to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount less Unwind 
Costs (rounded down to the nearest integral authorised denomination of the LA 
Settlement Assets), Delivery Expenses (if any) on or prior to the LA Physical 
Redemption Date; and (ii) payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount

--- Page 403 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
377
 
(if any) (as set out in Credit Linked Condition 17(k)(iii) (Payment of the Undeliverable 
LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)). 
(iii) 
Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) 
Upon Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note shall 
be fully and effectively discharged, provided that if in the determination of the Issuer: 
(A) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be impossible, 
illegal or in breach of any restriction (whether regulatory, fiduciary or contractual) 
to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement Assets (including any 
such LA Settlement Assets held by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) 
to the Securityholders, including circumstances in which a Market Disruption 
Event is subsisting; and/or 
(B) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be 
impracticable (whether on grounds of illiquidity or otherwise) and/or it is not 
commercially reasonable for the Issuer to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of 
the LA Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held by or 
on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Securityholders; and/or 
(C) 
due to circumstances within the control of the Securityholders (including, without 
limitation, the Securityholders not having opened or notified the Issuer of its 
specified account, given any required certifications or as a result of limb (b) of 
the definition of Payment/Delivery Failure Event occurring), the Issuer is unable 
to arrange, or conditions are not fulfilled, for the delivery of some or all LA 
Settlement Assets, 
and such circumstances continue up to and including the LA Physical Redemption Date, 
then the Issuer shall have no further delivery obligations hereunder to the Securityholders 
with respect to those LA Settlement Assets which are affected by such circumstances 
described in (A), (B) or (C) above (the Undeliverable Assets) and the Issuer shall, in 
respect of the Undeliverable Assets in respect of any Local Access Credit Linked Note 
held by a Securityholder, pay to the specified account of that Securityholder on the LA 
Cash Redemption Date the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount. 
(iv) 
Determination of Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
on the LA Valuation Date. 
18. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption at the Fixed Recovery Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall 
redeem or be written down in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms), provided that: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage 
(specified in the applicable Issue Terms with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and 
the related Relevant Event Determination Date) and the Cash Redemption Amount or 
the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall be determined using such Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, as further set out in the definitions of "Cash Redemption Amount" 
and "Final Cash Redemption Amount" in Credit Linked Condition 29 (Definitions);  
(ii) 
the "Final Price Determination Date" shall be the date on which the Final Price is deemed 
to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and

--- Page 404 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
378
 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable Valuation 
Date on which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, shall be determined. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be 
payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. The Securityholders will bear the loss of 
their entire principal and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
19. 
Redemption upon Merger Event 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in the event that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) and 
redeem each Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early Redemption Date at the Merger 
Redemption Amount. 
This Credit Linked Condition shall not apply in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
20. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
This Credit Linked Condition 20(a) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay) shall not 
apply where an Underlying RMB Currency Event has occurred (in which case, Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(k) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has 
occurred and exists, subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, the obligation of the Issuer to pay the 
relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the Payment/Delivery Failure Event no 
longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, where the Securityholder requests the 
Issuer in writing to make payment of such amount to such other account or to such other person 
as the Securityholder specifies and represents to the Issuer that such payment to its designee 
will discharge the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholder in respect of such payment). Where 
such postponement applies, the Issuer shall give notice of such postponement to the 
Securityholders (Payment Failure Event Notice) as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer 
determines (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms or, if no number of Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business 
Days following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable (the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date) 
in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where the Securityholder has not elected 
for payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) in accordance with sub-
paragraph (c) above), no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's obligations 
to the Securityholder hereunder will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. 
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver

--- Page 405 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
379
 
This Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver) shall 
not apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes (instead, Credit Linked Condition 17(k)(iii) 
(Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has 
occurred, the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets 
to such Securityholder shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 17(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets) and 21(d) (Redemption Suspension) cease and if "Fallback Cash 
Redemption" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of application of Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms).  
If "Fallback Cash Redemption" is not specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and if 
such Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of 
such Credit Linked Note and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or after 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the 
obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date 
determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business Days following the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date (the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
20 (Payment/Delivery Failure Event) will not constitute a default hereunder (including for the 
purpose of the definition of Events of Default and will not entitle the relevant Securityholder to 
any additional interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
21. 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding notice 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
A Relevant Event Determination Date which is determined by the Calculation Agent to 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is 
subsequently reversed prior to: 
(A) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes), the 
relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Physical Redemption Date, 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation Date or a Delivery 
Date; or 
(B) 
in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the earlier of:

--- Page 406 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
380
 
(1) 
the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes in full or a Valuation Date; and 
(2) 
the date falling one calendar year from (and including) (x) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies) or (y) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date (if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), 
a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an Event Determination Date may occur in respect of 
each Reference Entity referenced in the basket or Index, as applicable, provided that, 
other than in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, an Event Determination Date shall 
apply only once to each such Reference Entity. 
(iv) 
Multiple successor determinations 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions), an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each successor Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently 
reversed after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
Calculation Agent, such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity, there is an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, 
all timing requirements in these Credit Linked Conditions that pertain to redemption shall toll 
and remain suspended until the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During such suspension period, 
the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit 
Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing 
requirements that pertain to redemption that have previously tolled or been suspended shall 
resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Principal Paying Agent to deliver, a notice (a Redemption 
Suspension Notice) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) to the 
Securityholders giving notice of any suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
22. 
Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Eligible Successors 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014;

--- Page 407 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
381
 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant 
Obligation of the Reference Entity;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event; and 
(iv) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Successor is an entity identified by the relevant Index Sponsor on or following 
the earlier of the Effective Date and the Trade Date where the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has, in relation to a Successor Resolution Request Date, not 
identified a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules). 
(b) 
Successor Determinations 
Subject to the restrictions set out under Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on Delivery 
of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) and 7(h) (Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event 
Notice or Successor Notice) in relation to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes only, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the 
Succession Date, any Successor or Successors in accordance with the definition of "Successor", 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of the 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the 
percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this Credit 
Linked Condition 22(b) (Successor Determinations), if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation 
Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if 
forming part of a single succession. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, rely on the 
determination of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether any Successor 
has been identified. 
(c) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Successor Event 
Where any one or more Successors have not assumed a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, a 
Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined, where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate, in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation). 
(d) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such 
difference, the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has 
been identified shall, with effect from the Succession Date, continue to apply to the Successor. 
(e) 
Succession in respect of multiple Reference Entities simultaneously 
If two or more Reference Entities are subject to one or more successions simultaneously or the 
order of such succession cannot be determined from Eligible Information, then each such 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to have been subject to a separate succession, with all such 
successions occurring in the order determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 408 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
382
 
(f) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a 
Reference Entity, such Successor shall, with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference 
Entity for the purpose of the Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity in 
respect of which the Successor has been identified shall cease to be a Reference Entity with 
effect from the Succession Date unless it has also been identified as a Successor), provided that, 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, (a) if the Successor is not an Nth-to-
Default Non Succession Reference Entity (as defined below), the Reference Entity Count will 
be the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity (as defined 
below) and (b) if an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity would be a Successor to an 
Nth-to-Default Non Succession Reference Entity, the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 22(h)(ii)(F) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall equally apply in the 
case of a single Successor. 
(g) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the Joint Relevant Obligation) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), then (a) 
if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall 
be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor 
or obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), it shall be treated as having been 
succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) 
which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, as provider of a Qualifying Policy), if any, or otherwise 
by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(h) 
Multiple Successors  
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (such Reference 
Entity affected by a succession being a Single Name Succession Reference Entity), 
more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following 
terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding 
nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each 
Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Single Name Successor 
Entity) and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date 
(and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect of 
the Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but instead the relevant 
provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to 
the nominal amount represented by such Single Name Successor Entity 
only after the apportionment described above (the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount);

--- Page 409 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
383
 
(II) 
for Credit Linked Principal Notes, such Credit Linked Notes shall, 
thereafter, be redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 3(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) 
(Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(such redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share of the 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final 
Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable); 
and 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification 
of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(i) (Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and a related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity, an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such succession or any previous successions, the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one Successor has been 
identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding nominal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Nth-to-Default 
Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an Nth-to-Default Successor 
Entity) and the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue 
to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to any of the 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will, where such Nth to 
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is the nth Reference Entity to which a 
Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred, result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes in full (or, in respect of an M(M)R where the Exercise 
Amount is less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in part) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes);

--- Page 410 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
384
 
(D) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity: 
(I) 
such Credit Event shall be a Relevant Credit Event for the purpose of the 
Notes and the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall 
be deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Nth-to-
Default Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is 
effected (the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 4(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to 
a Securityholder's pro rata share of the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal 
Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or 
Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification 
of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(E) 
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, subject 
to sub-paragraph (F) below, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be specified 
only once, and such change shall have no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes;  
(F) 
where an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is identified as a 
Successor to any Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity pursuant to a 
succession: 
(I) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation (including the absence 
of a Reference Obligation) of the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession 
Reference Entity is identical to that of the Nth-to Default Succession 
Reference Entity, the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity shall be equal to the sum of (x) the Reference 
Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the relevant succession (the Surviving Reference 
Entity Count) and (y) the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to Default 
Succession Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession 
(the Legacy Reference Entity Count, and the Legacy Reference Entity 
Count and the Surviving Reference Entity Count, together, the Combined 
Prior Count); or 
(II) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation of the Nth-to-Default 
Non-Succession Reference Entity is not identical to that of the Nth-to 
Default Succession Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall 
apportion as at the Succession Date any outstanding nominal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts into two separate portions where: 
(i) 
one portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes and the Legacy Reference Entity

--- Page 411 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
385
 
Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with the Nth-to-
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a Transaction 
Type and Reference Obligation identical to the Nth-to Default 
Succession Reference Entity and (b) a Reference Entity Count 
equal to the Combined Prior Count; and 
(ii) 
the other portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and the Surviving 
Reference Entity Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with 
the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a 
Transaction Type and Reference Obligation identical to the Nth-to 
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity and (ii) a Reference 
Entity Count equal to the Combined Prior Count; 
(G) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(H) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(ii) (Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation 
Agent of further Successors; 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such 
Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has 
previously occurred, a Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity and the Reference 
Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession Dates, the 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one Successor has been 
identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Linear Basket 
Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Linear Basket Successor 
Entity), and the Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue 
to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Linear Basket Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Linear Basket 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected 
(the Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to 
a Securityholder's pro rata share of the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or 
Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable); and

--- Page 412 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
386
 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(iii) (Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(iv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such 
Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has 
previously occurred, an Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession 
Dates, the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one 
Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the 
consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other 
relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Index Untranched Succession 
Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an Index Untranched 
Successor Entity), and the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities 
will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of an Index Untranched Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index Untranched 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected 
(the Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II)  
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 6(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable

--- Page 413 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
387
 
(such redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share of the 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount) (provided that if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on 
the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(iv) (Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation 
Agent of further Successors. 
(v) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each an Index 
Tranched Succession Reference Entity and the Reference Entities unaffected by such 
succession, the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one 
Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the 
consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount, other relevant 
calculation amounts, the Reference Entity Notional Amount equally in relation to each 
Successor: 
(A) 
the Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an Index Tranched Successor 
Entity), and the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue 
to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of an Index Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index Tranched 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected;

--- Page 414 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
388
 
(II)  
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 7(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial 
redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final 
Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
otherwise applicable to it prior to the apportionment referred to above and (II) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount allocated to such Successor as a result of the 
apportionment referred to above (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes);  
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(v) (Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(vi) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each 
such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date 
has previously occurred, a Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession 
Dates, the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be 
amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, 
to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal 
amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Portfolio 
Tranched Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Portfolio Tranched Successor 
Entity), and the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities will 
continue to be Reference Entities;

--- Page 415 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
389
 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Portfolio Tranched 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected;  
(II)  
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 8(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial 
redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final 
Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(vi) (Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation 
Agent of further Successors. 
(vii) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Credit Linked Notes and following a 
Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (the Reference Entity, a Local Access 
Succession Reference Entity), more than one Successor has been identified by the 
Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the 
Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant 
calculation amounts equally in relation to each Local Access Succession Reference 
Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Local Access Successor 
Entity) and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
(and accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event) may occur in respect of

--- Page 416 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
390
 
the Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of the Local Access Successor Entity after such Succession 
Date: 
(I)  
the Local Access Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but 
instead the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the to the nominal amount represented by such Local Access 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected 
(the Local Access Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II)  
the Local Access Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in 
part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 9(f)(i) (LA Cash 
Redemption), (ii) (LA Physical Redemption) or (iii) (LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a 
Securityholder's pro rata share of the Local Access Partial Nominal 
Amount (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Local Access Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects 
of the identification of more than one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(vii) (Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(i) 
Exchange Offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
23. 
Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and "Mod R" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) "Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by the Calculation Agent, then unless the 
Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies 
due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring

--- Page 417 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
391
 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the Delivery Date. In respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is 
used in this sub-paragraph shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur. 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (B) 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by 
the Issuer, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and 
Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable 
Obligation may only be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (x) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
and (y) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date in each case, as of the Delivery Date. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, for purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan 
with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity 
date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date 
or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant 
Restructuring. In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an 
Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in this sub-paragraph shall 
mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(ii) 
Where a Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, if applicable) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such 
refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not 
received by the Physical Redemption Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have been 
refused), the Calculation Agent shall inform the Issuer, The Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Principal Paying Agent (for onward notification to the Securityholder) of such refusal 
(or deemed refusal). If a Securityholder (x) does not designate a third party; (y) 
designates a third party in circumstances where it will be illegal due to any applicable 
law or regulation for the designee to take Delivery or such Delivery would give rise to 
any tax or any loss or cost to the Issuer; or (z) a Securityholder does not take Delivery 
on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date, then Credit Linked Condition 17(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) may be applied by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Determination of Final Maturity Date 
For the purposes of making a determination under sub-paragraph (a) or (b)(i) of this Credit 
Linked Condition 23 (Deliverable Obligations), the relevant final maturity date shall, subject to 
the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation", be determined on the basis of the 
terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in 
the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be 
deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
(d) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified to be not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the definition of 
"Restructuring" shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation, where "Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the 
event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are 
not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined

--- Page 418 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
392
 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Credit Event (provided that sub-paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the 
Obligation is a Bond). In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this 
definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. 
24. 
Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Reference Obligation for the relevant Reference Entity will be the 
Standard Reference Obligation which is the obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
with the relevant Seniority Level specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
(ii) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Reference Obligation(s) for the relevant Reference Entity will be the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such 
Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Calculation Agent may identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in 
accordance with sub-paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligation) to replace such Non-Standard Reference Obligation; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an Obligation as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such Obligation has already 
been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and such Obligation has not changed materially since the 
date of the relevant DC Resolution. In the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note or an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable, if there is no Standard 
Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement Reference 
Obligation for such Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall select such obligation 
rather than identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with sub-paragraphs 
(iii), (iv) and (v) of this Credit Linked Condition. 
(ii) 
If any of the events contained in sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-paragraph (iii)(B) of this Credit Linked 
Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation)). If the event contained in sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, 
such Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be a Reference Obligation 
until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events 
set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur 
with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an Obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entity, a Qualifying Policy)); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and

--- Page 419 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
393
 
(C) 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
(II) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such Obligation is 
available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or 
(III) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
2. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such Obligation is available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in sub-paragraph (iii) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute 
Reference Obligation), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of 
the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Series, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute 
Reference Obligation has not been identified) notify the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Issuer of a Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has 
been identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (iii) of this Credit Linked Condition 
24(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation) and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall 
replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation immediately upon such notification.

--- Page 420 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
394
 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation 
is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then or has yet to identify a 
suitable substitute, subject to sub-paragraph (i) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligation) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Calculation Agent may continue to attempt to identify the Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only Series 
(i) 
If the event set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs 
with respect to the Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall be redeemed in full or in part at the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Principal Paying Agent to deliver, a notice in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) to the Securityholders stating the 
occurrence of such Substitution Event and setting out the date on which the Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed in full or in part, which shall be a date not earlier than the relevant 
Substitution Event Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a 
Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies and such Reference 
Obligation is the only Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity in the Obligation 
Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category, and (b) if the events set out in sub-
paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference 
Obligation and in such circumstance, there shall be no redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes in full or in part. 
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Notwithstanding the provision of Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be obliged to, select as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity which is determined by DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference 
Obligation to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
25. 
Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required to 
be made under Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) including if there is 
a Steps Plan, making appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or 
Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from (and including) 
the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation 
have been materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any 
scheduled redemption, amortisation or prepayments) (B) any Reference Obligation is an 
Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other than 
due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is no 
longer a valid and binding Obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in accordance 
with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as described in (A) or (B) above and other 
than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any Reference Obligation is 
no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity;

--- Page 421 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
395
 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, with 
respect to an M(M)R Restructuring are delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 
14 (M(M)R Restructuring), making any modifications required pursuant to that Credit 
Linked Condition; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount 
of Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in 
accordance with the applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(viii) determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) and substituting Quotation Dealers; 
(ix) 
determining the LA Recovery Amount and the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount (if any) in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes; 
(x) 
determining the Currency Rate and Revised Currency Rate where, in each case, it is not 
available on the Next Currency Fixing Date; 
(xi) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period; 
(xii) 
determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xiii) determining any adjustments pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(xiv) determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 12 (Event 
Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events); 
(xv) 
determining whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall 
include or exclude accrued interest and if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining accrued but 
unpaid interest;  
(xvi) determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; 
(xvii) determining the Asset Market Value of an Asset Package; 
(xviii) determining whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred where "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(xix) interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations 
specified in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (xv) of this Credit Linked Condition 25 (Calculation Agent 
Determination) notify the Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 25 (Calculation Agent 
Determination) are decided and/or determined by a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such decision or determination to the extent such 
decision and/or determination is applicable to any Credit Linked Notes. In certain 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow the decisions or determinations 
of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or determinations made by the Calculation 
Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations made by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.

--- Page 422 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
396
 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the 
Securityholders, amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or 
alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the 
documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) the operation or application of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to account for 
market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any amendment made 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 25 (Calculation Agent Determination) shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices). 
26. 
Notices 
(a) 
Interpretation 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a notice being delivered in accordance with 
General Condition 18 (Notices) shall include such Condition as amended by the terms of any 
Global Registered Note Certificate representing the Credit Linked Notes.  
(b) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Principal Paying Agent to deliver, notice to the 
Securityholders of the following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices), 
to the extent required to be delivered pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
A Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
A Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
A Risk Event Notice, if applicable; 
(iv) 
A Successor Notice (provided that no Successor Notice shall be required following a 
determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a Successor has 
been identified); 
(v) 
If the terms of any Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
provide for the basket or Index, as applicable, to be amended from time to time other 
than as a result of the identification of any Successor, details of any amendments to the 
basket or Index, as applicable;  
(vi) 
The designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (provided that (A) no such notice 
shall be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee of a Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) the failure of the 
Issuer to deliver a notice to the Securityholders pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
26 (Notices) shall not affect the effectiveness of any designation of such Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent (such designation to be in accordance 
with these Credit Linked Conditions); 
(vii) 
A notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes); 
(viii) A notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to Credit Linked Conditions 12 (Event Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and 
Ordering of Events) or 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(ix) 
Following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash 
Redemption Amount Notice;

--- Page 423 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
397
 
(x) 
Following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms), the Auction 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(xi) 
A Notice to Exercise Movement Option; 
(xii) 
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice;  
(xiii) A Redemption Suspension Notice; or 
(xiv) A Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(c) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices), any notice required to be 
delivered by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be deemed to have been delivered to Securityholders upon delivery of 
such notice to the Principal Paying Agent by the Issuer (upon receipt of such notice from 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable). The failure of the Principal Paying Agent to deliver 
any such notice to Securityholders shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice 
delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Principal 
Paying Agent, (y) the effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) 
the right of the Issuer to redeem (in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to 
writedown the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Credit Linked Condition. In addition, the 
failure of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent to deliver any 
notice or any decision by any of them to not deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices), a notice delivered by the 
Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer 
Business Day will be effective on such Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 
3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will be deemed effective on the next 
following Issuer Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 31 (Communications) of the Agency Agreement 
shall apply to any relevant communications and notices delivered in accordance with 
these Credit Linked Conditions.  
27. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect 
to Bonds; 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall 
be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not 
Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such 
Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(c) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Issue

--- Page 424 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
398
 
Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified 
Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic 
Law". 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from the 
following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", 
"Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer"; and 
(iv) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms 
in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Mod R" and sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Mod Mod R" to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation 
in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(h) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation 
shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
28. 
No frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or 
otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the 
Trade Date; and/or

--- Page 425 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
399
 
(b) 
the Obligation(s), the Deliverable Obligation(s) or the Reference Obligation(s) do not 
exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
29. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Credit Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them in the Conditions. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement means a supplement to the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions which replaces the definitions of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and 
"Failure to Pay" under the Credit Derivatives Definitions and sets out guidance on the 
interpretation of the definition of "Failure to Pay" where "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is 
applicable.  
Additional Risk Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence or existence, on or after the Additional 
Risk Event Start Date, of: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event; and/or 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event. 
Additional Risk Event Start Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Affected Reference Entity means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit 
Event has occurred (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, for Nth-to Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, only the nth Reference Entity can be an Affected Reference Entity). 
Aggregate Default Count means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, on 
the Issue Date, zero and thereafter, an amount increased by each Event Determination Date by 
the Reference Entity Count (determined immediately prior to such Event Determination Date) 
of the related Reference Entity provided that if any Event Determination Date occurs at such 
time when the Calculation Agent has determined that there remains unresolved potential Credit 
Events which could result in an earlier Event Determination Date occurring with respect to one 
or more Reference Entities than the Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity 
it is considering, such increase to the Aggregate Default Count shall not be effected until such 
time as the Calculation Agent has confirmed that no other earlier Event Determination Date 
could occur. 
Aggregate Loss Amount means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount calculated with respect to such Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Loss Amounts 
calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Aggregate Recovery Amount means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus

--- Page 426 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
400
 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount, if applicable, calculated with 
respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Recovery 
Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Loss Amounts for all Settled 
Entities. 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Recovery Amounts for all 
Settled Entities. 
Applicable Auction means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to a 
Relevant Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable 
Obligations set out on the Final List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may 
take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the 
seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked 
Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination Date" 
were deemed to occur), if the Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the 
designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such 
representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Note and 
any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. and (b) any 
Hedging Positions the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such 
Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms (if any) which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation 
(a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the transactions covered by such 
auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a representative credit 
derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit 
Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination 
Date" were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to an M(M)R 
Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the 
auction would cover such representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the 
Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such 
auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedging Positions that the Issuer has entered or may enter 
into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or 
calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are 
published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have 
been published with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event. 
Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are made available by 
the DC Secretary at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement means a DC Credit Event Announcement which 
the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting in a credit event, the date the 
credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution

--- Page 427 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
401
 
(including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event Resolution Request Date) and/or 
statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means a DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the 
applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations 
or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to 
have occurred, the deliverable obligations and/or seniority of the deliverable obligations(s) in 
question, if relevant, the reference obligations in question and connected DC Resolution and/or 
statement associated with such announcement) and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question means a DC Credit Event Question which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question 
submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to 
interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of the 
obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, the 
reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated 
with such announcement and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other 
things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question, the date of such question dismissal and any connected DC 
Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement) and (b) any Hedging Position 
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that 
may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked 
Notes). 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement means a DC No Credit Event Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) applicable Credit 
Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to 
interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting 
in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and 
any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such announcement and (b) 
any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit 
Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under 
such Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets, expressed as 
the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or the LCY Reference Amount, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Applicable Proportion means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event (as applicable) and a Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth to-Default Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the product of:

--- Page 428 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
402
 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(I) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(x) 
in respect of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Credit Linked Note, 
100 per cent.; or 
(y) 
in respect of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or an Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note, an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to (x) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
relating to the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (y) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable; or 
(II) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount specified in 
the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity 
and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and Relevant 
Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Applicable Resolution means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means, with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
which the Calculation Agent determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which 
was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combination of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the

--- Page 429 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
403
 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding 
Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a 
Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, if 
"Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
Attachment Point means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
Auction means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms an auction 
pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction 
was deemed to have been cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the 
administrators specified in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its 
website or such other date as determined and announced in accordance with the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a 
percentage) in respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes or if an Asset 
Package Credit Event has resulted in such Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset Package 
which results from either a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond under 
the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a related 
Credit 
Event 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
auction 
administrator's 
website 
at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the 
day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
the Auction Final Price, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.

--- Page 430 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
404
 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice means a notice in writing specifying the Auction 
Redemption Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final 
Auction Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Auction Final Price, any Loss Amount, 
Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Auction Redemption Date means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) 
following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
Bankruptcy means the relevant Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (g) of this definition. 
Capital Ratio means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the ratio of capital to risk weighted 
assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of:

--- Page 431 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
405
 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the Final Price or (y) where Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
Cash Redemption Amount Notice means a notice in writing specifying the Cash Redemption 
Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, 
as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, including the Final Price, any Loss Amount, Recovery Amount, Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as 
applicable, and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the Valuation Obligation(s) which were 
the subject of the Quotation, (ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such 
Quotation that it received in connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written 
computation showing such calculation. 
Cash Redemption Date means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) 
following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
Certificate Balance means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and in the case 
of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of 
unreimbursed principal investment. 
CoCo Provision means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity and with respect to an 
Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of 
principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another 
instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions shall not result in delivery 
of the Deliverable Obligation to Securityholders. 
CoCo Reference Entity means a Reference Entity to which the "2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions", as published by ISDA on 15 September 2014, is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date, provided, 
however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if 
any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required 
for such novation, assignment or transfer, so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation 
provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition, and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of

--- Page 432 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
406
 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. References in this definition to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be 
deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
Contingent Interest means, if "Contingent Interest" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to such proportion of the Interest Amount in 
respect of which the payment is contingent upon the non-occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement 
Terms 
published 
by 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
on 
its 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website) from time to time 
and may be amended from time to time. The Calculation Agent shall be authorised to construe 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such manner as it shall determine in 
its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be necessary in order to give effect 
to the meaning of any word or expression used herein which is defined by reference to such 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Credit Derivatives Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established pursuant 
to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions. 
Credit Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of one or more of 
the following Credit Events as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to 
Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or 
Governmental Intervention. If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such 
occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or 
indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to enter 
into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; 
or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this definition, references to 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the Trade Date, the Issue Date or a number of days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the

--- Page 433 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
407
 
definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the "Notice Delivery 
Date", if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and the Securityholders, which the Calculation 
Agent has the right (but not the obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to either redeem or write down the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, by the Applicable Proportion thereof, in 
accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method and the applicable 
Fallback Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on 
or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes or the full Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as 
applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the 
subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is 
effective. 
Credit Event Redemption Amount means, the Auction Redemption Amount, Cash 
Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Redemption Amount, Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount or the LA Cash Redemption Amount.  
Credit Event Redemption Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or 
the Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies as the Credit Event Redemption Method or the 
Fallback Redemption Method, the Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes:

--- Page 434 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
408
 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or 
the Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the LA Cash Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final LA Cash Redemption Date; or 
(iii) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies as the Risk Event Redemption Method, the 
LA Physical Redemption Date. 
Credit Event Redemption Method means:  
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, 
Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption; or 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash 
Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, 
in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary or as set out in any DC Resolution, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to 
such DC Credit Event Question. 
Credit Event Writedown Date means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and a Relevant Credit Event, the first day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date relating to such Relevant Credit Event. 
Credit Linked Interest Notes means a Series of Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of which "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as the type of credit linkage in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Credit Linked Note means a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note, a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Local 
Access Credit Linked Note.  
Credit Linked Principal Notes means a Series of Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of which "Credit Linked Principal" is specified as the type of credit linkage in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount means, on any day, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" 
applies, the aggregate of all Auction Redemption Amounts, Cash Redemption Amounts, Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts, Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts or LA Cash 
Redemption Amounts, as applicable, calculated on such day.  
CRR means Article 63 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Currency Amount means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference

--- Page 435 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
409
 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency 
of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency 
in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either 
(i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time 
or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Refinitiv at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
CUSIP means, with respect to a security, the "CUSIP" identification number assigned to such 
security (if any). 
Custodian means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any custodian (including 
the Reference Custodian), sub-custodian, depositary, settlement system, bank or clearing house 
(or any agent or delegate of any of the foregoing) or any exchange used by a Reference Investor 
as part of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement entered into from time to time. 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date provided that if the Credit 
Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must 
relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or 
the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Question means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve an issue in respect to a 
Reference Entity. 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC-determined EDD has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 12(b) (Ordering of 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit Events 
or Risk Events). 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity.

--- Page 436 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
410
 
DC Resolution means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in 
accordance with the definition of "Resolve" below. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by the 
DC Secretary on its website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms 
hereof. 
DC Secretary means DC Administration Services, Inc. or such other entity designated as DC 
Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where any 
equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, to the relevant Securityholder; and 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens 
routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right 
of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor), 
provided that: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create (or 
procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Securityholder; and 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. 
Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time provided further that each of the Issuer and each Securityholder agrees to comply with the 
provisions of any documentation (which shall be deemed to include any market advisory that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such 
purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, 
as such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and 
payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer and each Securityholder further agrees that compliance by it with the provisions of 
any such documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery 
for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions 
describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Securityholder shall 
be permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it be required to take, any action under

--- Page 437 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
411
 
Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) or 17(k) (LA Physical Redemption 
Terms) unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that 
is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian 
representing an interest in such Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. Further, for purposes of this 
definition, references to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed 
to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying 
Policy, determined pursuant to the "Method for determining Deliverable Obligations" 
below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a relevant Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or any 
Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for the purposes of sub-paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of "Deliverable Obligation", a Deliverable Obligation shall 
be each Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, subject to Credit Linked Condition 27 
(Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of 
"Obligation" below, except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable 
Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" shall be amended to state that 
no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation 
Only); 
(II) 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, 
Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer; 
(III) 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, 
whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable 
in full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws;

--- Page 438 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
412
 
(IV) 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a 
minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such 
Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(V) 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with 
the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or 
any agent; 
(VI) 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right 
in favour of each Securityholder that provides each such Securityholder with recourse to 
the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan 
which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into 
between each such Securityholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, 
as the case may be (to the extent the Issuer and/or any such Affiliate, as applicable, is 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any lender or member 
of the relevant lending syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; 
(VII) Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater 
than the period specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, 
30 years); 
(VIII) Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with 
respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream 
International or any other internationally recognised clearing system; and 
(IX) 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for 
resale pursuant to Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation 
to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting 
periods. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond or a Loan" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(b) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(c) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Deliverable Obligation". 
Deliverable Obligation Notice has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 
17(a)(iii)(C) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets).

--- Page 439 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
413
 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that 
specify criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
Deliverable Obligation Terms has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on 
which such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be delivered in accordance with 
the definition of "Deliver"). 
Delivery Expenses means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or expenses, 
including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the 
delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or LA Settlement Assets and in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, shall additionally include any transfer or similar fee 
reasonably incurred by the Issuer in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying Policy and 
payable to the Reference Entity. 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and 
any successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any 
successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, 
if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference 
Entity under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less (I) the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, 
if any); plus (II) all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the Delivery Date or (B) the Valuation 
Date, as applicable. 
Ecuador Reference Entity means a Reference Entity which is the Republic of Ecuador and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 5 March 2018, is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Effective Date means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and the relevant Index, the date specified as such in respect of the Index in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company;

--- Page 440 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
414
 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in sub-paragraph (i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the sub-paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer 
of collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other special 
purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (B) is 
one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management 
having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or 
other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of 
this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two 
or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition of "Eligible Transferee" to USD include equivalent amounts in 
other currencies as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
Event Determination Date means Standard Event Determination Date or Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date, as applicable. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Obligation issued or incurred on or after the 
date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, then for purposes 
of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any 
Subordinated Obligation; and

--- Page 441 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
415
 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring). 
Exhaustion Point means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
Extended Maturity Date means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where:  
(i) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date under limbs (i), (ii), (iii) of 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), the latest to occur of: 
(A) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(B) 
 the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as applicable, or if later, any Final 
Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption 
Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); 
(C) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(D) 
in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes only, the date falling five 
Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes), where 
a Relevant Event Determination Date under limbs (i), (ii), (iii) of Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the Notes 
Extension Date, the later to occur of:  
(A) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events, as applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off 
Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date); or 
(B) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date under limbs (i) and (ii) of Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date, the latest to occur 
of: 
(A) 
the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, 
as applicable; 
(B) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(C) 
the date falling five Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off 
Date, if applicable. 
Extension Date means the latest of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the Grace Period 
Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the

--- Page 442 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
416
 
relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (c) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as applicable. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction 
of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the 
relevant Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does 
not directly or indirectly result either from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the relevant Reference Entity. In such case, any determination as to 
whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred is to be made by the Calculation Agent, for which 
purposes, the Calculation Agent may take into account any guidance provided in the 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement. 
Fallback Redemption Method means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that for Credit Linked Interest Notes, there will be no 
Fallback Redemption Method. 
Final Auction Redemption Amount means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note 
(other than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note 
or a Local Access Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Final Auction Redemption Date means the later to occur of (A) the last Auction Redemption 
Date in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Final Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other 
than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note or a 
Local Access Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 443 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
417
 
Final Cash Redemption Date means the later to occur of (A) the last Cash Redemption Date 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each relevant Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all LA Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
later to occur of (A) the last LA Cash Redemption Date in respect of the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable. 
Final List means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior 
Deliverable Obligations, as applicable, and/or Assets which are the subject of the related 
Auction determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the DC Rules. 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
Final Price means (a) the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method or (b) where the Valuation 
Obligation is an Asset Package in its entirety relating to Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond, as applicable, the price of the entirety of the Asset Package 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method, expressed as a percentage of 
the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in 
each case, determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(a) (Determination of 
Final Price). 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the relevant Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a 
formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be 
variable inputs). 
Fixed Recovery Percentage means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.). 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an 
amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount equal to the Quotation Amount or for the Asset Package. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date and the date on which an effective Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, was delivered. Any

--- Page 444 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
418
 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Fully Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. 
Funding Interest Rate means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were 
to fund or of funding the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any Obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
FX Rate means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the rate, determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the FX Rate Set Date, at which a non-resident of the Reference 
Jurisdiction can purchase the Settlement Currency against delivery of the LA Relevant Currency 
for value on the LA Value Date, provided that if LA Relevant Currency is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Rate shall be 1. 
FX Rate Set Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the date selected by 
the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, for determining the FX Rate. 
Governmental Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the relevant Reference Entity or some or all of its 
obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) 
or (c) of this definition. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any 
other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the relevant Reference Entity in a 
form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the 
terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or

--- Page 445 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
419
 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; 
(d) 
if "CoCo Provision" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, with 
respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or 
(ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument; or 
(e) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (d) of this definition. 
For purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of 
a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with 
respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect 
as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the 
applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the 
period specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 
calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a T2 Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be, the date that is five Business Days following 
the day falling after the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential 
Failure to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. 
Guarantee means, for the purpose of the Credit Linked Conditions only, a Relevant Guarantee 
or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Disruption Obligation has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption 
Obligation).

--- Page 446 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
420
 
Hellenic Reference Entity means a Reference Entity which is the Hellenic Republic and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 29 May 2012, is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Implicit Portfolio Size means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to (i) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount, 
divided by (ii) the Tranche Size. 
Inconvertibility Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence 
of any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert the LA Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency 
through customary legal channels; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable 
as those available to residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally 
transfer or repatriate any funds (in the Settlement Currency or the LA Relevant Currency) from 
accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or 
between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash 
payment (when converted to the Settlement Currency) made under the Reference Investor 
Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental 
Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or 
the imposition of currency exchange limitations. 
Index means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the relevant iTraxx® or CDX® index, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Index Annex means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the list of the relevant Index with the relevant Index Annex Date published 
by the Index Publisher specified in the applicable Issue Terms and which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto. 
Index Annex Date means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Index Publisher means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and the related Index Annex, Markit Group Limited or any replacement 
appointed by the Index Sponsor for purposes of officially publishing the relevant Index 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of the 
component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(x)  
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(y) 
the sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on such day equal to the lowest of:

--- Page 447 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
421
 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day); minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to 
a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to the losses and recoveries in respect of the 
component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
Instrument Payments means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, (A) in the 
case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return 
on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and 
(y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in 
the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in 
the case of both sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) hereof (1) determined without regard to limited 
recourse or reduction provisions of the type described in sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition 
of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar 
amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
Insured Instrument, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given 
in the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
Insured Obligor, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given in 
the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the relevant Reference Investor 
Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any 
taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of 
whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of 
the Reference Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor.

--- Page 448 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
422
 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (or any successor 
organisation thereto). 
Issue Terms means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, the 
applicable terms and conditions set out in such Pricing Supplement. 
Issuer Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg.  
LA Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Local Access Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the Settlement Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the LA Recovery Amount or (y) where Fixed Recovery is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
LA Cash Redemption Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
where LA Cash Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, five 
Business Days following the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date; and 
(b) 
where LA Physical Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method but 
physical redemption cannot be completed by the LA Physical Redemption Date, five 
Business Days following the LA Physical Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
where an LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, five calendar days following the LA Cut-Off 
Date. 
LA Cut-Off Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the earlier of (i) the 
date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has not occurred; and (ii) the 
date falling 30 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable. 
LA Interest Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Interest 
Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. For the purposes of General Condition 7 
(Interest), the LA Interest Amount shall constitute an Interest Amount. 
LA Physical Redemption Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 30 calendar days following the Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date or where a LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, 30 calendar days following 
the LA Cut-Off Date. 
LA Recovery Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal 
to the highest firm bid quotation that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the LA Valuation 
Date from the Quotation Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of: 
(a) 
in respect of LA Physical Redemption, the relevant Undeliverable Assets; or 
(b) 
in respect of LA Cash Redemption, a nominal amount equal to the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount of the LA Settlement Assets of the relevant Reference Entity, as such 
assets may be amended from time to time (including without limitation any securities, 
cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall have been exchanged or 
converted from time to time),

--- Page 449 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
423
 
in each case, in the Settlement Currency payable outside the Reference Jurisdiction, provided 
that if none of the Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation then the LA Recovery 
Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. The applicable LA 
Recovery Amount may be equal to zero. 
LA Relevant Currency means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the currency 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, being the lawful currency of the Reference 
Jurisdiction, or if the LA Relevant Currency ceases to be the lawful currency of the Reference 
Jurisdiction, any other lawful currency in effect in such jurisdiction. 
LA Settlement Assets means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Deliverable Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
LA Valuation Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any Business Day 
selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
if LA Cash Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date up to (and including) the LA 
Cash Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
if LA Physical Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and 
including) the LA Physical Redemption Date to (and including) the LA Cash 
Redemption Date.  
LA Value Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Interest Payment Date (if applicable), the LA Cash Redemption Date or the LA Cut-
Off Date, as applicable. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan has the meaning given to that term in the 
definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event – failure to deliver), 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable 
Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation), 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to 
Impossibility or Illegality), 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not 
Delivered) and 17(j) (Asset Package Delivery), the date that is thirty calendar days after 
the relevant Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 17(j)(iii) (Asset Package 
Delivery), the date the Calculation Agent determines that Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply; and 
(c) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 17(e) (Partial Cash Redemption 
of Consent Required Loans), 17(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans) and 
17(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations), the date that is 15 Business Days 
after the Physical Redemption Date.

--- Page 450 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
424
 
LCY Reference Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount 
in the LA Relevant Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the 10-year Limitation Date), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation 
Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each 
occasion on which a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect 
to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part in an amount 
determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such relevant 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method. 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered). 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders 
in respect of Reference Investor Assets held by a Reference Investor in a Reference Jurisdiction. 
Local Access Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Local Access Successor Entity has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
22 (Successor Provisions). 
Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on any day equal to: 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and 
provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount equal 
to the product of: 
(I) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity 
on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Auction Final Price; or 
(ii) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product of: 
(I) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity 
on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) (I) the Final Price or (II) where Fixed Recovery 
is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred:

--- Page 451 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
425
 
(i) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and 
provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount equal 
to the product of: 
(I) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Auction Final Price; or 
(ii) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product of: 
(I) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) (I) the Final Price or (II) where Fixed Recovery 
is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Loss Threshold Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Implicit Portfolio Size 
and (ii) the Attachment Point. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that 
has the effect of (a) the failure or suspension of normal trading on any recognised securities, 
futures or other exchange on which the Reference Investor Assets or futures thereon are traded; 
or (b) any Reference Investor Asset becoming ineligible for clearance or settlement through the 
principal clearing system or by the relevant settlement procedure for the Reference Investor 
Assets. 
Market Value means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date, 
(a) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (b) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, 
the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (c) if exactly two Full Quotations 
are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (d) if fewer than two Full Quotations 
are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation", an amount that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full 
Quotations are obtained; and (f) if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten 
Business Day period set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" the Market 
Value shall be determined as provided in such definition of "Quotation". 
Maturity Redemption Amount means an amount being the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to (x) the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or (y) the LCY 
Reference Amount divided by the FX Rate, as applicable. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the 
Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all 
or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or 
the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates.

--- Page 452 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
426
 
Merger Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any; or 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" 
or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
notes and other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional 
Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities", as published by ISDA on 15 September 
2014, is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Movement Option means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of 
"No Auction Announcement Date", the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of 
Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the 
terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit Linked 
Notes and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection with the 
Credit Linked Notes) for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are 
more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could 
specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice (provided that if 
more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes 
will be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method. 
Movement Option Cut-off Date the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer of 
credit protection where the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, or such other 
date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (and where any 
public statement is issued by the DC Secretary relating to the appropriate cut-off date, the 
Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing requirements from the perspective of a buyer of 
protection). 
Multiple Holder Obligation has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 23(d) 
(Multiple Holder Obligation). 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which 
immediately follows the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective.

--- Page 453 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
427
 
No Auction Announcement Date means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the 
contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or (ii) one or more 
Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date 
will not occur solely by reason of the Credit Linked Notes not being covered by any Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an Obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
Non-Contingent Interest means, if "Non-Contingent Interest" is specified as applicable in 
respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to such proportion of the Interest 
Amount in respect of which the payment is not contingent upon the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event. 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and 
a Series to which paragraph (a) of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with 
respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified as 
applicable and Auction Redemption is not specified as the applicable 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms; (II) the 
relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (III) the Trade 
Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement; 
or 
(B) 
either: 
(I) 
 
(1) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is 
specified as applicable and Auction Redemption is specified 
as the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 454 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
428
 
(2) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer for onward delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and 
Securityholders and is effective on or prior to the Non-Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and 
Securityholders and is effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or the 
period from, and including, the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to, 
and including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date)), if either: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified 
as applicable and Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit 
Event Announcement on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is specified as 
applicable and the Trade Date occurs and 
(II) 
either: 
(1) 
Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(2) 
Auction Redemption is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Issuer to the 
Principal Paying Agent and is effective on a date that is later 
than the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date. 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on 
which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the 
date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement 
occurs, 
a 
Non-Standard 
Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes with respect to the portion of 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant

--- Page 455 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
429
 
Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to 
which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with 
respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring 
as the only Credit Event has previously been delivered by 
the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent, (aa) unless the 
M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice 
is also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount specified 
in any such Credit Event Notice was less than the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount 
specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less than the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity or (cc) unless a representative credit 
derivative transaction economically equivalent to the Credit 
Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same 
Affected Reference Entity and (x) having identical 
deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and to the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (y) in the case of 
M(M)R Restructuring, having a scheduled termination date 
which falls within the designated scheduled termination 
dates for the Applicable Auction and having similar tenor to 
the Credit Linked Notes (in each case, assuming "Auction 
Redemption" and a deemed occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date)would be a covered transaction for the 
purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and the deliverable obligations set out on 
the Final List are identical to the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions applicable for such Series. 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a 
Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" 
does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, 
if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and:

--- Page 456 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
430
 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that 
is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List 
is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means each Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
NOPS Amendment Notice has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement". 
Notes Extension Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
last day on which any Relevant Event Determination Date could occur, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest of (a) the 
last day of any "Notice Delivery Period"; (b) the last Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date which could occur up to the last day of any Notice Delivery Period; (c) the last 
Relevant Event Determination Date which could occur 14 calendar days after a DC 
Credit Event Announcement; (d) the last day of any Post Dismissal Additional Period; 
and (e) the last Standard Exercise Cut-Off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-Off 
Date, as applicable); and 
(b) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA Cut-Off Date. 
Notice-determined EDD has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 12(b) (Ordering 
of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit 
Events or Risk Events). 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in applicable 
Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, has been delivered by the 
Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option with respect to a Series where (a) an M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be 
applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 15(a)(i) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
which shall be applicable in accordance with the exercise of the Movement Option and (ii) is 
dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and Securityholders that (a) confirms that the 
Issuer intends to redeem the Credit Linked Notes (unless the applicable Issue Terms provide for 
multiple Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed Delivery Date, 
(ii) if applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver 
to Securityholders (in aggregate) and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN number 
(or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable 
Obligation and (d) specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as

--- Page 457 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
431
 
applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the Outstanding 
Amount) and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation and the 
aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver to the Securityholders (the Aggregate Outstanding 
Amount). The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, give notice to the Issuer for onward 
delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and the Securityholders, in the manner specified above 
(each such notification, a NOPS Amendment Notice) that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or 
in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a 
prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation 
has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective). A NOPS 
Amendment Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each replacement Deliverable 
Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver to Securityholders (each, a Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation) and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation 
identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount). The Outstanding Amount of each 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be 
determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable 
Obligations specified in any NOPS Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater 
than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be 
effective on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date (determined without reference to any 
change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed 
description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Principal Paying Agent prior to 
the relevant Delivery Date and (y) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Calculation 
Agent shall on or prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Issuer for onward delivery to the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Securityholders of the description of the Asset Package, if any, that the 
Issuer would Deliver to the Securityholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable; it being understood in each case that such notice shall not 
constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the 
Principal Paying Agent that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of 
the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a 
copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains 
Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to the 
nth Reference Entity, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Method, where "n" shall be the number specified in such Issue Terms. 
If an Event Determination Date with respect to a relevant Reference Entity increases the 
Aggregate Default Count from an amount less than n to an amount equal to an amount equal or 
greater than n, such Reference Entity shall be the nth Reference Entity. 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Obligation means (a) any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a

--- Page 458 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
432
 
Qualifying Policy)), determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below; and (b) the Reference Obligation, in each case, unless it is an Excluded 
Obligation. 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" above, an Obligation is 
each obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, immediately prior, the Credit Event which is the 
subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting 
in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and: 
(II) 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(III) 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
(IV) 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit); 
(V) 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(VI) 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for 
the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
and 
(VII) Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
(VIII) Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed 
and Not Domestic Issuance, and: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the 
Reference Obligation or (II) the "Prior Reference Obligation" if 
applicable; 
(B) 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second 
Obligation) and another obligation of the relevant Reference Entity to 
which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a 
contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the relevant 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required 
to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation 
or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive 
or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the relevant 
Reference Entity at any time that the relevant Reference Entity is in

--- Page 459 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
433
 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For the purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, (1) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of 
law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding 
the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into 
account where the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (2) in the 
case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the 
date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the 
Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, 
then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of 
selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking 
in priority of payment after such date and further provided that, in respect 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such definition shall be applied in the 
assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the Obligation is 
described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any 
characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws 
of any relevant jurisdiction; and 
(C) 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable to a Series, (I) the Reference Obligation 
most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, 
if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date 
and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of 
the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
Specified Currency means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if "Specified 
Currency" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so 
specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that 
was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter 
if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(iii) 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a 
Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(iv) 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency 
other than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified 
Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(v) 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of 
New York shall not constitute Domestic Law; 
(vi) 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold 
on an exchange; and

--- Page 460 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
434
 
(vii) 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily 
in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is 
registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, 
is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not 
to be issued (or reissued as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale 
primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is "Borrowed Money" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(b) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(c) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Obligation". 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations. 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes be calculated, disregarding the effect of a reduction to reflect any Settled Entity Incurred 
Loss Amount and/or Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount which is determined to exist on 
the Issue Date). 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means each obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy which is specified as a Reference Obligation in 
the applicable Issue Terms (if any is so specified). 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are: 
(i) 
Credit Linked Principal Notes, an amount equal to; 
(A) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit 
Linked Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events; or

--- Page 461 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
435
 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount; 
(b) 
in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked 
Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as 
applicable; 
(c) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of the Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount and the Settled Entity 
Incurred Loss Amount (in each case, if any) as determined on the Issue Date; 
minus 
(iii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date; and 
(d) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date, 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, 
amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or 
prior to such date. 
Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement". 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the 
definition of "Accrued Interest", the relevant Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee (or in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)) will be the lower of (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) 
of the Underlying Obligation (or Insured Instrument, as applicable) (determined as if 
references to the relevant Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor 
(or Insured Obligor, as applicable)) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting (I) the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount (in each case, if any); plus (II) all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant 
to the terms of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise 
be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (a) above of the definition of 
Outstanding Principal Balance less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent Amount) (provided that, in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in 
respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds 
subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments

--- Page 462 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
436
 
owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (b) provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy 
by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent 
any such limitation or reduction); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on (I) 
the Delivery Date, or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue 
price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purpose of this definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance": 
(i) 
applicable laws shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting 
creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject;  
(ii) 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly 
asserted against the relevant Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount 
if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise 
become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the 
Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount; and 
(iii) 
if "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding the above, if (x) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is 
not reduced or discounted under sub-paragraph (c)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either 
a Bond that has an issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount 
or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment 
amount and, (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion 
over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment 
of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the 
case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the 
lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount determined by straight line 
interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan 
and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight 
line interpolation: 
(x)  
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue 
price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange 
shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the Original 
Obligation(s)) at the time of such exchange (determined without regard to market 
or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y)  
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the relevant Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be 
treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s)

--- Page 463 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
437
 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account 
the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.  
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument 
limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument 
Payments owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (b)(B) above, provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying 
Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such 
limitation or reduction. 
Ownership Restriction Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, 
impossible or impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially 
delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or 
remain the owner of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof. 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means the "Auction" which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date means the "Auction Cancellation Date" in respect of the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an "M(M)R 
Restructuring", any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such an M(M)R Restructuring if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
and for which a representative credit derivative transaction economically equivalent to the 
Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity 
(assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an "Event Determination Date") 
which has identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the 
Credit Linked Notes and Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant auction settlement terms 
under consideration but would not be a covered transaction (due to the range of designated 
scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction settlement terms under consideration or 
otherwise) for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event means, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond the 
control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Securityholder to 
provide account details of its designee), or for a Securityholder to accept payment of (due 
to an event beyond the control of such Securityholder), any cash amount (including, 
without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount, in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the date intended 
for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance is not cured by 
the affected party; or

--- Page 464 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
438
 
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(a) 
(Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly 
execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or 
before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 20 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event). 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable obligations included 
on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that 
Auction. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume 
all of the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the relevant Reference Entity from its 
payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the relevant Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new Guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
relevant Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Redemption Assets means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) the Physical Redemption Terms are 
applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such Deliverable 
Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer with: (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable), in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) 
a Due and Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money 
Obligations (or in either case, the equivalent Currency Amount thereof), with an Outstanding

--- Page 465 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
439
 
Principal Balance equal to the Applicable Proportion or the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable). If the amount of the Physical Redemption 
Assets is less than zero, no Deliverable Obligations will be required to be Delivered and the 
amount of the Physical Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. If an Asset Package Credit 
Event has occurred and a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond which 
would otherwise have been included in the Physical Redemption Assets has been converted into 
an Asset Package, then references in this definition of "Physical Redemption Assets" to 
"Deliverable Obligations" shall be references to the resulting Asset Package and the Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance as the 
relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond. The Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in which 
case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will 
include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine).  
Physical Redemption Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the date of effective delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable are Delivered on or before 
that Physical Redemption Date, the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such Deliverable 
Obligations shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Physical Settlement Matrix means the "Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix" as 
most recently amended or supplemented as at the Trade Date or, in respect of Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Effective Date, as applicable 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org (or any successor website). The Physical Settlement Matrix may be 
applicable to any Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event 
Redemption Method for such Notes may not be Physical Redemption) where "Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and one or more Transaction Type(s) are specified as applying to the relevant Reference 
Entity(ies) of such Series of Credit Linked Notes. 
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) 
(Redemption Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current 
market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent shall determine; 
provided that if the Calculation Agent has notified the Issuer (who, in turn, has notified the 
Principal Paying Agent and Securityholders) that it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu 
of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period 
shall be 30 Business Days. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of 
a bespoke basket of two or more Reference Entities (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
include the component Reference Entities of an Index) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus

--- Page 466 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
440
 
(y) 
the sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day); minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to 
a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar 
days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or 
prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when and 
where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of 
such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
a payment of principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference 
Investor Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account 
of any taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade 
Date) of whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any 
authority of the Reference Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
Principal Writedown Amount means, in respect of:

--- Page 467 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
441
 
(a) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected Reference 
Entity; or 
(b) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected 
Reference Entity.  
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which (i) existed 
immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such 
Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was 
legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not 
such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is 
not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or 
right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. In 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this definition, references to the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, LSEG, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally 
recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
have occurred and which (a) has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of 
Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such 
information; (b) is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity 
(or if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, principal paying 
agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an 
Obligation, or (c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing,

--- Page 468 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
442
 
however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative, regulatory or judicial body; provided that where any information of the type 
described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only 
constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, 
agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first 
paragraph of this definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such 
information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering 
such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the relevant Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition 
of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the relevant Reference 
Entity and (b) that the relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (ii) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant 
Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a Guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the relevant Reference Entity irrevocably 
agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an 
"Underlying Obligation" for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by way of Permitted Transfer; (iii) by operation of law; 
(iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) due to: (A) provisions permitting or 
anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or (B) any Solvency Capital 
Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (A) a non-payment in respect of the Guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an event of the type described in the definition of 
"Bankruptcy" in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation.

--- Page 469 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
443
 
In order for a Guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) The benefit of a Qualifying 
Guarantee such Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and (II) if a Guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts 
which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being delivered together with the 
delivery of such Guarantee. 
Qualifying Policy means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a financial 
guarantee insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which such Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments of an 
instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the Insured 
Instrument) for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor 
(the Insured Obligor). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a 
surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express 
contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity can be 
discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit of a Qualifying 
Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of 
the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" will apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(a) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be 
deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and 
"obligor" as used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented by the 
"Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities", as published by 
ISDA on 15 September 2014) in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be 
construed accordingly; 
(b) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to 
the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, 
respectively; 
(c) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of "Accelerated or Matured", whether 
or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix in respect of the Transaction Type; 
(d) 
if the "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation" 
or "Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" are specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix in respect of the Transaction Type and if the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, 
the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
(e) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the "Maximum 
Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by 
which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(f) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying 
Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, if applicable. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the Reference 
Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or if a Quotation is

--- Page 470 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
444
 
being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event), as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three 
Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the 
relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation 
Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is 
obtained on such tenth Business Day, the quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which 
shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference 
to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. Where an 
Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has been converted into 
an Asset Package, the Quotation Amount for all or any part of the Asset Package shall be such 
amount as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time 
that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. 
Quotation Dealer means, (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes, a dealer (which may be one or more of the Issuer's affiliates) in obligations of the 
type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, a dealer which 
is not resident in the Reference Jurisdiction, if applicable, and which deals in obligations of the 
type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer, if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no 
longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations 
of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, substitute any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or 
more of the foregoing. 
Quotation Method means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid 
shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's 
quotation, 
provided that in respect of any Asset Package which is the subject of a Quotation, the Quotation 
Method shall be any of the above Quotation Methods selected by the Calculation Agent in its

--- Page 471 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
445
 
sole and absolute discretion, or any other method of quotation provided in the market for the 
relevant Asset as determined by the Calculation Agent, notwithstanding the Quotation Method 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount 
equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Auction Final Price, multiplied 
by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, or if 
Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal 
to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Final Price, multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount 
equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Auction Final Price, multiplied 
by the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, or if 
Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal 
to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Final Price, multiplied by the Exercise 
Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity. 
Recovery Threshold Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified in the Issue Terms which shall 
be the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point. 
Redemption Suspension Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
21 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
Reference Assets means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount of any 
assets specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms issued by the relevant Reference Entity 
with an original maturity date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a nominal amount 
equal to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount, as such assets may be amended from time 
to time (including without limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which 
such assets shall have been exchanged or converted from time to time, provided that when 
determining whether any of the events or conditions that may be applicable to the Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes have occurred, such determination shall be made by the Calculation Agent 
with reference to the terms and conditions of the original Reference Assets and not such 
replacement securities or assets).

--- Page 472 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
446
 
Reference Custodian means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the entity 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement means, in respect of Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes, any formal or informal (express or implied) arrangement, method, means or 
account type through which a Reference Investor may hold, directly or indirectly, an interest 
(including a beneficial interest) in the Reference Investor Assets and/or any amount received in 
respect thereof. 
Reference Entity means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions), in respect of: 
(a) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the entity 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each 
entity contained in the relevant Index and listed in the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity Count means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
a Reference Entity, one, subject to the terms set out in Credit Linked Condition 22(h) (Multiple 
Successors). 
Reference Entity Notional Amount means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the 
Settled Entity Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the aggregate of the Reference 
Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities, 
in each case, subject to amendment as provided herein. 
Reference Entity Weighting means, in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched

--- Page 473 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
447
 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and a relevant Reference Entity, the percentage specified 
for such relevant Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Investor means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any person that 
holds or owns the Reference Investor Assets, which may include the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates (including, without limitation, any trust, special purpose vehicle or account through 
which the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may hold Reference Investor Assets in the Reference 
Jurisdiction). 
Reference Investor Assets means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Obligations and/or Deliverable Obligations. 
Reference Jurisdiction means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the jurisdiction 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Obligation means: 
(a) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Standard Reference Obligation; 
(b) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any, provided that, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, irrespective 
of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall 
be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred 
Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity is specified on the 
SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified on the 
SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Series 
and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior 
Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
if (i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first 
date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that 
is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
or 
(d) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Reference Obligation as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as deemed 
amended by any Index Annex or pursuant to determinations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or the Index Sponsor. 
Reference Obligation Only Series means a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect of which 
(a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable 
Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity and (b) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of such Reference Entity. 
Regulatory Change Cost means, in respect of a Regulatory Change Event, an amount, 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the cost which a Reference Investor would have 
incurred in respect of such Regulatory Change Event had it purchased, received, held,

--- Page 474 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
448
 
transferred or sold the Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in respect thereof) 
at any time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Regulatory Change Event means: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, 
rule, directive, decree or regulation in the Reference Jurisdiction after the Trade Date by 
any Governmental Authority or any settlement system, depositary or other entity charged 
by any Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or taxing of 
(including amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets; and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by a Reference Investor (and/or its Custodian, if any, in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets) with any request or directive of any Governmental Authority 
(provided that such term shall also include any taxing authority) or any settlement 
system, depositary or other entity charged by any Governmental Authority to regulate 
the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts received in respect of) 
Reference Investor Assets, 
which in any such case: 
(i) 
would, in respect of any amount of Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount 
received in respect thereof) which a Reference Investor could have held during the term 
of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, impose, modify or apply any tax, charge, duty, 
reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment or any other requirement on such 
Reference Investor (and this results in additional costs to a Reference Investor); and/or 
(ii) 
increases in any other way the actual or potential cost to a Reference Investor of hedging 
the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Notes at any 
time during the term of such Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Relevant City Business Day has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Relevant Credit Event means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 22 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to the nth Reference Entity; and 
(c) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity in the basket; 
(d) 
in the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the Index; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity in the Index once the aggregate of all loss amounts 
incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the Index has reached 
the Loss Threshold Amount); and 
(f) 
in the case of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the basket once the aggregate of all loss amounts 
incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the basket has reached 
the Loss Threshold Amount). 
Relevant Event Determination Date means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event 
Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee.

--- Page 475 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
449
 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the relevant Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the 
first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant 
Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or 
Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall 
have the same meaning as it would if the relevant Reference Entity were a Senior 
Reference Entity. 
Relevant Risk Event means, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, a Risk Event 
which occurs with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, the Risk Event Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Risk Event. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an 
authorised officer of the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect 
to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such 
Obligation that occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 
days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in 
either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied.

--- Page 476 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
450
 
The "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary 
publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on 
or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of 
the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and such resolution constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery 
by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified not applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that is effective on or prior to the date 
that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all cases, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does 
not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the 
purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer (for onward delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and Securityholders) that 
describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of 
a specific determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the 
relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and such 
event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of 
the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date as 
of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to

--- Page 477 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
451
 
any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of "Restructuring", none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such 
other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by reference 
to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" due to an administrative 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (e) 
of this definition of "Restructuring" only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is 
from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) 
the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event 
and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the 
Qualifying Policy. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Restructuring": 
(I) 
The term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee 
and an Underlying Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity in this 
definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the 
relevant Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to refer to 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
(II) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based on a 
comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms 
of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(III) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of the first and second 
paragraphs of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying 
Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the 
relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Insured Obligor and the reference to the relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph 
above shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference Entity.

--- Page 478 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
452
 
(IV) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto and in 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the first 
paragraph above are hereby amended to read as follows: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the 
definition thereof; or (B) the payment of the Instrument Payments described 
in clause (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Guarantee; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of: (A) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination or such Obligation to any other Obligation; or (B) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance 
with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be 
the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final 
maturity date", as such term is used in this definition shall mean the specified date by which the 
Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance will occur. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified 
in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 479 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
453
 
Risk Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Currency Principal Amount is the 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event; 
or 
(b) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the LCY Reference Amount is the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event or an Additional Risk 
Event. 
Risk Event Determination Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Risk Event, the date on which an effective Risk Event Notice has been delivered 
by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and 
Securityholders. 
Risk Event Determination Period means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
period from and including the Additional Risk Event Start Date to and including the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Risk Event Notice means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an irrevocable notice 
from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and 
Securityholders, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Local Access Credit Linked Notes to which the Risk Event Notice 
relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Risk 
Event Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
specifies a Risk Event that occurred or exists during the Risk Event Determination Period 
and provides details of such Risk Event. 
Any Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, 
or 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
A Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event must be in respect of the full Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Local Access Credit Linked Notes in the relevant 
Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
A Risk Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Risk Event has occurred. The Risk Event that is the subject of the Risk 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Risk Event Notice is effective. 
Risk Event Redemption Method means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, LA 
Cash Redemption, LA Physical Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of an issue of Credit Linked Notes, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension means an extension determined in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension). 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes means Credit Linked Notes in respect of which "Additional 
Provisions for Senior, Non-Preferred Reference Obligations", as published by ISDA on 8 
December 2017, is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to one or 
more Reference Entities and in respect of which each such relevant Reference Entity constitutes 
a Subordinated Reference Entity.

--- Page 480 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
454
 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or 
which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation. 
Senior Obligation means any Obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Senior Reference Entity means a relevant Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, (a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or (b) if no 
such seniority level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) 
"Senior Level", or (d) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relevant Reference 
Entity, the "Senior Non-Preferred Level". 
Settled Entity means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity (if any) 
identified as such for the Index in the Settled Entity Matrix.  
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss 
Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount. 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery 
Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount. 
Settled Entity Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of (subject to a minimum of 
zero): 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite such 
Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Settled Entity Matrix means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Settled 
Entity Matrix as most recently amended and supplemented as of the calendar day immediately 
preceding the Trade Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and as published by Markit 
or any successor thereto (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor 
website thereto). 
Settled Entity Notional Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to each Settled Entity: 
(a) 
the product of (x) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (y) the Settled Entity Weighting of the 
relevant Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of the Reference 
Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the Settled Entity 
Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of:

--- Page 481 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
455
 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the lesser of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite 
such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Settled Entity Weighting means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with 
respect to a Settled Entity, the weighting specified for such Specified Entity in the Settled Entity 
Matrix. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference 
Assets, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Settlement/Custodial Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, (a) the 
occurrence of any event, the existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, 
or may result with the passage of time, in the Bankruptcy (as if references to "Reference Entity" 
were changed to "Custodian" for these purposes) of any Custodian or (b) in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets owned by such Reference Investor or any amount received in respect 
thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to perform in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed to 
a Reference Investor under any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to 
take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (iii) takes any action which is contrary to the 
terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or may 
affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders 
in respect of one Reference Entity. 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Single Name Successor Entity has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
22 (Successor Provisions). 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, 
converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a relevant Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect 
of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or Applicable 
DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a 
Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally 
effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, 
reconstitution or other similar event.

--- Page 482 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
456
 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, two). 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. The current SRO list can be obtained at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
Standard Event Determination Date means, with respect to a Credit Event and: 
(a) 
a Series where Auction Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit Event 
Redemption Method and "Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(A) 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade 
Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by a Notifying Party to the other party and is effective 
on or prior to the Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to 
the portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to 
which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which 
no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer for onward delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and 
Securityholders, (aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such 
Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount 
specified in such Credit Event Notice was less than the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes 
are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit

--- Page 483 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
457
 
Linked Notes, the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity, or (cc) unless a representative credit derivative 
transaction economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in 
unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity and (a) 
having identical deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms and to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked 
Notes; (b) in the case of M(M)R Restructuring, having a scheduled 
termination date which falls within the designated scheduled termination 
dates for the Applicable Auction and having similar tenor to the Credit 
Linked Notes (in each case, assuming "Auction Redemption" and a 
deemed occurrence of an Event Determination Date) would be a covered 
transaction and the deliverable obligations set out on the Final List are 
identical to the Deliverable Obligations for such Series. 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms may be 
published, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on 
which such Final List is published (assuming, for the purposes of the timing set 
out herein, that any Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent (as 
a buyer of credit protection) to the Issuer (as a seller of credit protection); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-
off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with 
the relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, 
by one or more entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any Obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so 
Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity existed. 
Subordinated Reference Entity means a relevant Reference Entity for which the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation. 
Substitute Reference Obligation means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the Obligation that may replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 24 (Reference Obligation) or, in the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked

--- Page 484 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
458
 
Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the Index Sponsor (in the 
absence of any determination by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee). 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the 
events set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent notifies the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer of the Substitute 
Reference Obligation that it has identified in accordance with the definition of "Substitute 
Reference Obligation". 
Substitution Event means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a relevant Reference 
Entity, (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the 
Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition, as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, such 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the Credit 
Linked Notes determined by the Issuer as at the Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted to 
take into account any Unwind Costs (if any). 
Successor means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22(a) (Eligible Successors), the entity or 
entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, as applicable, as follows: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (g) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or 
as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to seventy five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, 
in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to more than 
twenty five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, 
the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)

--- Page 485 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
459
 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the entities that 
succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a 
Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor;  
(f) 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to 
the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if 
two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such 
entity will be a Successor); and 
(g) 
in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the Obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the relevant 
Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (i) the relevant Reference 
Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the relevant Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the relevant Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date 
of the assumption, such entity (the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor. 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the relevant Reference Entity (A) 
assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), 
or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case the relevant Reference 
Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) with respect to the Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, 
"succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
Successor Backstop Date means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution, the date 
that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Successor Notice is effective; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (I) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, 
(II) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not 
to make a Successor determination and (III) the Successor Notice is delivered 
by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent not more than 14 calendar days after

--- Page 486 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
460
 
the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; provided 
that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date 
of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a 
determination pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Successor" would not be 
affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence 
of an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Successor Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and Securityholders that describes a succession 
(or, in relation to a relevant Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) 
in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more 
Successors to the Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must contain a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Successor". 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the 
date on which such notice is effective. 
T2 Settlement Day means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem (T2) is open. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in the CRR or 
which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the 
Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above 
shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect of a 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a 
Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Tranche Size means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point. 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; provided that the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is applicable or deemed to be applicable, 
a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an 
"Auction Covered Transaction" for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms.

--- Page 487 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
461
 
Transaction Type means, for the purposes of the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix 
to a Series where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
North American Corporate; 
(b) 
European Corporate; 
(c) 
European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
European COCO Financial Corporate; 
(e) 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate; 
(f) 
Subordinated European Insurance Corporate; 
(g) 
Emerging European Corporate; 
(h) 
Japan Corporate; 
(i) 
Japan Financial Corporate; 
(j) 
Japan Sovereign; 
(k) 
Singapore Corporate; 
(l) 
Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(m) 
Asia Corporate; 
(n) 
Asia Financial Corporate; 
(o) 
Asia Sovereign; 
(p) 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(q) 
Western European Sovereign; 
(r) 
Latin America Corporate B; 
(s) 
Latin America Corporate BL; 
(t) 
Latin America Sovereign; 
(u) 
Australia Corporate; 
(v) 
Australia Financial Corporate; 
(w) 
Australia Sovereign; 
(x) 
New Zealand Corporate; 
(y) 
New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(z) 
New Zealand Sovereign, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from 
time to time. 
Trigger Percentage means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the trigger percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per 
cent.).

--- Page 488 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
462
 
Ukraine Reference Entity means a Reference Entity which is the Republic of Ukraine and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 11 April 2016, is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Undeliverable Assets has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 17(k) (LA 
Physical Redemption Terms). 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Settlement Currency equal 
to the greater of 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the LA Recovery Amount or (y) where Fixed Recovery is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any 
Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal amount of the relevant LA 
Settlement Assets to deliver). 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a Guarantee, the Obligation which is the subject 
of the Guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of 
a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
Universal Successor has the meaning given in the definition of Successor. 
Unwind Costs means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, 
charges, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes and (if the Issuer 
has elected to hedge its exposure) the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any 
hedge or related trading position. 
Valuation Date means: 
(a) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after (i) the Event 
Determination Date (where the Event Determination Date does not occur pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) the 
day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date or Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or 
Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date 
to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-

--- Page 489 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
463
 
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date" or (iii) 
the Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where Fallback 
Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
any day falling on or before the 90th Business Day following the applicable date referred 
to in (i), (ii) or (iii) above; 
(b) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the 
following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms after (i) the Event Determination Date (where the Event Determination 
Date does not occur pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of 
"Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of 
"Non-Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) the day on which the DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date 
to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date 
to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or 
sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination 
Date" or (iii) the Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date 
where Fallback Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business 
Days is not specified, 5 Business Days following the applicable date referred to 
in (i), (ii) or (iii) above); and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 5 
Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market 
Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total 
number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five 
Valuation Dates). 
(c) 
if neither "Single Valuation Date" nor "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the terms of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if 
"Single Valuation Date" had been specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Valuation Method means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date, Highest, Lowest or Market, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, Average Market or 
Highest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
where: 
(i) 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation") with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
Average Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date;  
(iii) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date;

--- Page 490 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
464
 
(iv) 
Lowest means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any Valuation 
Date; and 
(v) 
Market means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to 
the Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than 
two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may 
be. 
Valuation Obligation means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided 
such obligations(s) is either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as 
reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such principal trading market would be closed at such time or such transactions are not 
being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time 
shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market 
is open. 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
Weighted Average Final Price means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
each Settled Entity, the amount specified in respect of such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity 
Matrix.

--- Page 491 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
465
 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
This Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall apply to each Tranche of Securities. 
All determinations, considerations, elections, selections, conversions (actual or notional) or calculations 
made or decided on in relation to matters set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule will be 
determined, considered, elected, selected, converted or calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Each defined term used in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule or in the applicable Issue Terms may 
be included more than once in the applicable Issue Terms and may be attributed a numerical or letter 
suffix value when so included in the applicable Issue Terms. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted 
as "n", "t" or "i". Each suffix may denote that the relevant term relates to a specific Underlying, item, 
amount, date, or other variable associated with that suffix in order to differentiate such term for each 
identical term which has a different suffix, but will not otherwise amend the meaning of such term. 
For example, an Interest Payment Date may appear as "Interest Payment Date 1" or "Interest Payment 
Date 2" and so on for each Interest Payment Date, or "Interest Payment Date n" (where n=1, 2…and so 
on), in each case when set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Related terms may also include such suffix; 
e.g. "Interest Barrier Level 1" and "Interest Barrier Event 1" could each pertain to Interest Payment Date 
1, "Interest Barrier Level 2" and "Interest Barrier Event 2" could each pertain to Interest Payment Date 
2, and so on. Similarly, by way of further example, a Mandatory Early Redemption Date may appear as 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Date 1" or "Mandatory Early Redemption Date 2" and so on for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or "Mandatory Early Redemption Date n" (where n=1, 2….and so 
on), in each case when set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Related terms may also include such suffix; 
e.g. "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 1" and "Mandatory Early Redemption Event 1" could 
each pertain to Mandatory Early Redemption Date 1, "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 2" 
and "Mandatory Early Redemption Event 2" could each pertain to Mandatory Early Redemption Date 2, 
and so on. The foregoing are examples only: other defined terms set out below and in the Issue terms 
may also be included more than once in the applicable Issue Terms and may be attributed a numerical or 
letter suffix value when so included in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the relevant Security is in the form of a Note, each reference to a Security in this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule shall be construed as a reference to a Note representing a principal amount equal to 
the Calculation Amount for purposes of all calculations and determinations hereunder (save unless 
explicitly provided otherwise). Correspondingly, in such case, each reference in the Issue Terms to "per 
Security" shall be construed as a reference to a "Note representing a principal amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount". 
1. 
Interest and Redemption Provisions 
1.1 
Definitions 
(a) 
Definitions relating to interest 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
Interest Payment Date means each date specified as such in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
Range Accrual Determination Date means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Business Day or calendar day.  
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date means:  
(A) 
where the Securities are not specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Range Accrual Securities and in respect of an Interest Payment Date, each 
date or dates specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to 
be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Barrier Observation Date"; 
or

--- Page 492 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
466
 
(B) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Range Accrual Securities and in respect of an Interest Period, each Range 
Accrual Determination Date falling from (and including) the first day of 
such Interest Period to (but excluding) the day falling the Cut-Off Number 
of Business Days prior to the last day of such Interest Period (the Accrual 
Cut-Off Date) and in respect of each Range Accrual Determination Date 
falling from (and including) the Accrual Cut-Off Date to (and including) 
the last day of such Interest Period, the Accrual Cut-Off Date shall be a 
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date for such day. Each such date 
shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and: 
(1) 
where Range Accrual Value What You Can Observation is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if, in respect 
of an Interest Barrier Underlying, any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying or is a Disrupted 
Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying, then such date shall be 
the immediately preceding Range Accrual Determination Date that 
is a Scheduled Trading Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying 
and is not a Disrupted Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying, 
and each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Barrier 
Observation Date". For the avoidance of doubt, an Interest Barrier 
Observation Date may be the Interest Barrier Observation Date for 
more than one Range Accrual Determination Date; or 
(2) 
where Range Accrual Move In Block Observation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Interest Barrier Underlying(s) or is 
a Disrupted Day for any Interest Barrier Underlying, then such date 
shall be the immediately preceding Range Accrual Determination 
Date that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) and is not a Disrupted Day for any Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s), and each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest 
Barrier Observation Date". For the avoidance of doubt, an 
Interest Barrier Observation Date may be the Interest Barrier 
Observation Date for more than one Range Accrual Determination 
Date. 
Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, 
each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Initial Floor Strike Date". 
Specified Interest Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date or 
dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Strike Date". 
Specified Interest Valuation Date means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, each date designated as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, an "Interest Valuation Date".  
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Interest Underlying(s), the performance of the 
Interest Underlying(s) and levels of the Interest Underlying(s) 
A means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
percentage may be 0 (zero) per cent.

--- Page 493 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
467
 
Absolute Value or Abs means the positive percentage or decimal or numerical 
value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, without regard 
to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 19 per cent.). 
B means the decimal specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
decimal may be 0 (zero). 
Best Oasis Performer means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interest Underlying with the highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings 
are equal highest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Oasis Interim Percentage for such Interest Payment Date; or 
(B) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Interest Underlying which has one of the X highest Oasis 
Interim Percentages, determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each 
of the Interest Underlyings in order of their Oasis Interim Percentage in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date from highest to lowest, where (i) the 
Interest Underlying with the highest Oasis Interim Percentage will be 
"Oasis Best Performer 1", (ii) the Interest Underlying with the second 
highest Oasis Interim Percentage will be "Oasis Best Performer 2", and 
so on until (iii) the Interest Underlying with the X highest Oasis Interim 
Percentage will be "Oasis Best Performer X", 
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Underlyings have an equal Oasis 
Percentage in respect of such Interest Payment Date, the highest of such Interest 
Underlyings shall be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Cross Rate I Designated Page means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Page means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate I Designated Time means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Time means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Page means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and the FX for such 
Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Time means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and the FX for such 
Interest Underlying, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Equality Adjustment means that, in respect of two or more performances, levels 
or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or low, the 
Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest performances, 
levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level or value, in its 
discretion. 
FX means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(a) (Definitions relating to 
interest), where FX Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the Interest

--- Page 494 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
468
 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) in respect of an Interest Underlying 
and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic Page (as defined 
in Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions) below)) of which is expressed 
or determined to be in a currency other than the Specified Currency, (being in the 
case of Dual Currency Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant 
Currency), either: (i) where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the rate specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant 
Currency/Specified Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at 
the Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Relevant Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate or any other page or 
service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (expressed as the number of units of the 
Relevant Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency 
can be exchanged) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) 
and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) if Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I Designated Page at the Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other 
page or service that may replace the Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose 
of displaying the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II 
Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or 
service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
FX Performance means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐹𝑋 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙
𝐹𝑋 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
where, 
FX Perf Final means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified Interest Valuation Date relating to that 
Interest Payment Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last

--- Page 495 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
469
 
occurring Specified Interest Valuation Date relating to that Interest 
Payment Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate 
B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified above it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such 
source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
FX Perf Initial means either an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified Interest Strike Date relating to that Interest 
Payment Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last 
occurring Specified Interest Strike Date relating to that Interest Payment 
Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such

--- Page 496 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
470
 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX 
Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such 
other page or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 
for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) 
at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine (all rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified 
above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf Designated 
Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date" and "Initial FX Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of 
the Interest Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Interest Initial Floor Level means, in respect of an Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and the or each Interest 
Underlying, the product of (A) the Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Initial Floor Strike Date, as converted by reference to 
the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest Initial Floor Strike Date, and (B) the 
Interest Initial Floor Percentage. 
Interest Initial Floor Percentage means, in respect of an Interest Initial Floor 
Strike Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and the or each Interest 
Underlying, the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Interest Initial Level means, in respect of an Interest Valuation Date, Interest 
Valuation Dates, Interest Barrier Observation Date or, as the case may be, Interest 
Barrier Observation Dates, and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and the or 
each Interest Underlying: 
(A) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Closing Level on Interest Strike Date", the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, as converted 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest Strike Date;

--- Page 497 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
471
 
(B) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date IPD", (i) the Interest 
Reference Level for the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date and 
the related Interest Valuation Date(s) or, if none, (ii) the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, as 
converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest Strike 
Date; 
(C) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the "Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date IVD", (i) the Interest 
Reference Level for the immediately preceding Interest Valuation Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, (ii) if none, the Interest 
Reference Level for the last occurring Interest Valuation Date relating to 
the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date, or (iii) if there has been 
no such Interest Valuation Date, the Underlying Closing Level for the 
Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, as converted by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for such Interest Valuation Date or Interest 
Strike Date, as the case may be; 
(D) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by 
reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal 
lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the 
Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(F) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest 
Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the relevant 
FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent;  
(H) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying on the 
Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(I) 
a level specified as such for the Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT where "Interest Initial Floor" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Initial Level shall be subject to a minimum 
level equal to the Interest Initial Floor Level.

--- Page 498 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
472
 
Interest Period Final Reference Level means, in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Reference Level for such 
Interest Underlying on the last occurring Interest Valuation Date in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Initial Reference Level means, in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Initial Level for such 
Interest Underlying on the first occurring Interest Valuation Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Strike Level means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and an 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Period Strike Level specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, be such Interest Underlying's Interest Period Initial 
Reference Level. 
Interest Reference Level means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Interest Barrier Event below, in respect of an Interest Valuation Date 
or, as the case may be, Interest Valuation Dates, the related Interest Payment Date 
and the or each Interest Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Closing Level on Interest Valuation Date", the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Date, 
as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such Interest 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in 
each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying 
on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 499 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
473
 
Interest Strike Level means, in respect of an Interest Underlying, the Interest 
Strike Level specified for such Interest Underlying in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
be such Interest Underlying's Interest Initial Level.  
Interest Underlying means the or each Underlying (as defined in Condition 2(n) 
(Definitions) below) specified as an Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions, the or each Interest Underlying specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions, the or each Interest Underlying specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Interim Performance means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Interest Barrier Event below, in respect of an Interest Payment Date 
and: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interest Underlying, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);

--- Page 500 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
474
 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
of the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
∑𝑤n × 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim

--- Page 501 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
475
 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event

--- Page 502 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
476
 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in 
the applicable Issue Terms, each of the Interest Underlying, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance

--- Page 503 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
477
 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula: 
[𝑂𝑢𝑡𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐴−𝑂𝑢𝑡𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐵] × 100 
For which purpose: 
Outperf A means, in respect of such Interest Payment Date and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance A Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in

--- Page 504 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
478
 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar);  
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Interim Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount expressed 
as a decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance A Underlying: 
∑𝑤n × 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:

--- Page 505 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
479
 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying, each of the Interim Outperformance A Underlyings, an 
amount expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying:

--- Page 506 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
480
 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
Outperf B means, in respect of such Interest Payment Date and 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the

--- Page 507 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
481
 
Outperformance B Underlying, an amount expressed as a decimal 
and determined by reference to the following formula, where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar);

--- Page 508 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
482
 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Interim Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount expressed 
as a decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance B Underlying: 
∑𝑤n × 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying, where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is

--- Page 509 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
483
 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions for Interim Outperformance B Underlying, 
each of the Interim Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar);  
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and

--- Page 510 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
484
 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(E) 
where "Arithmetic Mean Underlying Return" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each of the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying: 
∑1
𝑛× Underlying Return
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a

--- Page 511 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
485
 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(F) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as 
a percentage and determined as the arithmetic mean of the Multiple IVD 
Interim Performance Percentage for the relevant Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Valuation Dates in respect of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED HOWEVER 
THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and

--- Page 512 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
486
 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(G) 
where "Cliquet" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the Interest 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by

--- Page 513 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
487
 
reference to the following formulae, where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
I. 
if "Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet" is specified as the Cliquet 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∑
𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴; 𝑜𝑟
𝑡
𝑡=1
 
II. 
if "Product of Underlying Return Cliquet" is specified as the 
Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∏
𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴; 𝑜𝑟
𝑡
𝑡=1
 
III. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Sum" is specified as 
the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒− (∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
IV. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Sum" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) − (∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
V. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Product" is specified 
as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒−(∏𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
VI. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Product" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) −(∏
𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
VII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance - Sum" is specified as 
the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; 𝑜𝑟 
VIII. if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance - Sum" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒); 𝑜𝑟 
IX. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance - Product" is specified 
as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; 𝑜𝑟

--- Page 514 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
488
 
X. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance - Product" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(∏𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒), 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the

--- Page 515 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
489
 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar);  
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor is specified to apply to such Interim 
Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage 
shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and will not 
override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise apply as 
a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above or (6) below; and 
(6) 
if (x) a Cliquet Interim Performance Floor is specified as "Cliquet 
Interim Performance Floor" in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Interim Performance for such Interest Valuation Date will be 
subject to a minimum percentage (floor) (if any) determined as the 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor, or (y) a Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor is specified as "Global Lock-in Floor" in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Global Lock-in Floor Trigger has been 
satisfied in respect of any Interest Valuation Date, the Interim 
Performance for such Interest Valuation Date will be subject to a 
minimum percentage (floor) of the Global Lock-in Floor 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
WHERE: 
Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date means, in respect of each 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period, the Interest Valuation Date(s) 
in respect of such Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period with the Uth 
highest Cliquet Interim Decimals, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
ranking each of the Interest Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet 
Interim Decimals from highest to lowest, where, (i) the Interest Valuation 
Date with the highest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the highest ranking, 
(ii) the Interest Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Interim 
Decimal will be the second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Interest 
Valuation Date with the lowest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the lowest 
ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Valuation Dates have an 
equal Cliquet Interim Decimal, the highest of such Interest Valuation 
Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor means a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent as being the product of (A) an amount determined 
as being the Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer (if any), that is: 
(a) 
greater than,  
(b) 
greater than or equal to,

--- Page 516 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
490
 
(c) 
less than or equal to, or  
(d) 
less than, (in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of Cliquet Performance Floor): 
the Cliquet Interim Performance Sum determined in respect of each 
Interest Valuation Date relating to that Interest Payment Date and (B) if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Interim Performance 
Sum Multiple, otherwise 100%,  
PROVIDED THAT, if the relevant requirements in respect of any Cliquet 
Interim Performance Floor are not satisfied, then there shall be no Cliquet 
Interim Performance Floor. 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum means, in respect of an Interest 
Valuation Date and an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Cliquet 
Underlying Returns determined in respect of each Interest Valuation Date 
in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date occurring prior to (and 
including) the relevant Interest Valuation Date. 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer means as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, "the highest (or equal highest) positive integer", 
"the highest (or equal highest) integer", "the lowest (or equal lowest) 
positive integer" or "the lowest (or equal lowest) integer". For which 
purpose, an integer shall be any whole number (including negative whole 
numbers and zero) and a positive integer shall be any whole number 
greater than or equal to 1 (one) and, where the relevant Cliquet Interim 
Performance Sum is not a whole number, the relevant integer shall be the 
nearest integer thereto, with any amount equal to a multiple of 0.5 being 
rounded up. 
Cliquet Underlying Return means, in respect of the Interest Underlying 
and the Interest Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, an amount expressed as a decimal calculated in accordance with the 
following formulae (the Cliquet Interim Decimal), where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
(A) 
if "Cliquet A", "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet C" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
; or 
(B) 
if "Cliquet A Absolute" "Cliquet B Absolute" or "Cliquet C 
Absolute" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
) 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, 
(1) 
if "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet B Absolute" and "Cliquet B Highest" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying 
Return for the or each, as the case may be, Best Cliquet B Interest 
Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet B Highest Return 
Decimal specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period and not the Cliquet 
Interim Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
(2) 
if "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet B Absolute" and "Cliquet B Lowest" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying 
Return for the or each, as the case may be, Worst Cliquet B Interest 
Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet B Lowest Return

--- Page 517 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
491
 
Decimal specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period and not the Cliquet 
Interim Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
(3) 
if "Cliquet C" or "Cliquet C Absolute" are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in respect 
of any Interest Valuation Date or any preceding Interest Valuation 
Date in the relevant Interest Period in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date has been either (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or 
equal to, (iii) less than or equal to or (iv) less than (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute, as applicable) the Cliquet C Interest Target specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return for such 
Interest Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet C Lock-in 
Decimal specified in the applicable Issue Terms and not the Cliquet 
Interim Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT: 
(I) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Cap is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in respect of any 
Interest Valuation Date is greater than such Cliquet Underlying 
Return Cap, the Cliquet Interim Decimal for such Interest 
Valuation Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Cap; and 
(II) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Floor is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in respect of any 
Interest Valuation Date is less than such Cliquet Underlying Return 
Cap, the Cliquet Interim Decimal for such Interest Valuation Date 
will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Floor. 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger means that, in respect of an Interest 
Valuation Date, the Global Lock-in Sum for such Interest 
Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) 
less than or equal to or (d) less than (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of the Global Lock-in Floor Trigger) the 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Global Lock-in Sum means, in respect of an Interest Valuation 
Date and an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Cliquet 
Underlying Returns determined in respect of each Interest 
Valuation Date in respect of such Interest Payment Date occurring 
prior to (and including) the relevant Interest Valuation Date. 
Period Performance means either Period Performance 1, Period 
Performance 2 or Period Performance 3, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if (x) a 
Maximum Period Performance is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Period Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Period Performance is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Period Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Period Performance and a Minimum Period Performance is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Period 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
Period Performance 1 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula, where each relevant

--- Page 518 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
492
 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
Period Performance 2 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying:  
𝐵−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
Period Performance 3 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
𝐵× 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
U means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the 
purpose of determining the Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Dates 
or the Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date means, in respect of 
each Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period, the Interest 
Valuation Date(s) in respect of such Specified Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period with the Uth lowest Cliquet Interim Decimals, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each of the Interest 
Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Interim Decimals from 
lowest to highest, where, (i) the Interest Valuation Date with the 
highest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the 
Interest Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Interim 
Decimal will be the second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the 
Interest Valuation Date with the lowest Cliquet Interim Decimal 
will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Valuation Dates 
have an equal Cliquet Interim Decimal, the highest of such Interest 
Valuation Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
Interim Performance Underlying(s) or IPU means, subject to sub-
paragraph (G) of the definition of Interest Barrier Event below, either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" or "Cliquet" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" or "Arithmetic Mean 
Underlying Return" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
of the Interest Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Underlying with the Nth highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest

--- Page 519 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
493
 
Underlyings are equal Nth highest, be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment) Interim Performance in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent PROVIDED THAT if "Himalaya Interim Performance – 
European Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Interest Payment Date, an Interest Underlying may 
not be the Interim Performance Underlying if such Interest 
Underlying was the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of 
any preceding Interest Payment Date and any such Interest 
Underlying will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying for the 
purpose of determining the Interim Performance Underlying in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Underlying with the Nth lowest (which shall, if, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are 
equal Nth lowest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Interim Performance in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
PROVIDED THAT if "Himalaya Interim Performance – European 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
an Interest Payment Date, an Interest Underlying may not be the 
Interim Performance Underlying if such Interest Underlying was 
the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding 
Interest Payment Date and any such Interest Underlying will be 
deemed not to be an Interest Underlying for the purpose of 
determining the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms and (i) in respect of Outperf A, all of the Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying(s) and (ii) in respect of Outperf B, 
all of the Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s);  
(F) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Best of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Valuation Date in respect 
of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Underlying with the 
highest (which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are equal highest, be 
determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple 
IVD Interim Performance Percentage on such Interest Valuation 
Date, PROVIDED THAT an Interest Underlying may not be the 
Interim Performance Underlying in respect of any such Interest 
Valuation Date if such Interest Underlying was the Interim 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest 
Valuation Date for the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such 
Interest Underlying will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying 
for the purpose of determining the Interim Performance Underlying 
in respect of such Interest Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(G) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as

--- Page 520 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
494
 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Valuation Date 
in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Underlying with 
the lowest (which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are equal lowest, be 
determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple 
IVD Interim Performance Percentage on such Interest Valuation 
Date, PROVIDED THAT an Interest Underlying may not be the 
Interim Performance Underlying in respect of any such Interest 
Valuation Date if such Interest Underlying was the Interim 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest 
Valuation Date for the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such 
Interest Underlying will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying 
for the purpose of determining the Interim Performance Underlying 
in respect of such Interest Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Multiple IVD Interim Performance Percentage means, in respect of an 
Interest Valuation Date and an Interest Underlying, a percentage, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑖𝑛 𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑡 𝑜𝑓 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
n means the number of Interest Underlyings specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
t means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the number of Interest 
Valuation Dates specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Return means, in respect of each Interest Underlying and an 
Interest Payment Date, either: 
(i) 
if "Single Cap - Single Valuation Date" and/or "Single Floor - 
Single Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal 
to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a 
"Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if a Single Cap 
and a Single Floor are specified in respect of Underlying Return in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, 
each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
if "Single Cap - Multiple Valuation Date" and/or "Single Floor - 
Multiple Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying:

--- Page 521 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
495
 
∑1
𝑡𝑥𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑡
𝑡=1
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal 
to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a 
"Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if a Single Cap 
and a Single Floor are specified in respect of Underlying Return in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, 
each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
if "Single Target" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula (the Single Target Percentage), where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(1) 
if a Single Target Interest Threshold Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Single Target 
Percentage is either (i) equal to or less than, (ii) equal to or 
greater than, (iii) less than, or (iv) greater than the Single 
Target Interest Threshold Percentage (in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Underlying 
Return will be the Single Target Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(2) 
if "Single Target (Barrier)" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and (i) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction Required" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and an Interest 
Barrier Event has occurred, the Underlying Return will be a 
percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Performance (Barrier Event Satisfied) Percentage, or (ii) if 
"Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, a percentage equal to the Single Target 
Underlying Performance (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
Percentage; or 
(iv) 
if "Oasis" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage 
and determined in accordance with the following formula (the 
Oasis Interim Percentage), where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(1) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return for the Best Oasis Performer will be 
deemed to be the Oasis Interest Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms and not

--- Page 522 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
496
 
the Oasis Interim Percentage calculated in accordance with 
the formula above; or 
(2) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in respect 
of Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return for each Best Oasis Performer will be 
deemed to be the Oasis Interest Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Best Oasis Performer and not 
the Oasis Interim Percentage calculated in accordance with 
the formula above. 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Underlying Return is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Underlying Return is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Underlying Return and a Minimum 
Underlying is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Underlying Return is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
Wn means 
(A) 
in respect of an Interest Underlying and an Interest Payment 
Date and where Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a 
percentage weighting for such Interest Underlying 
depending on such Interest Underlying's performance 
determined in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an Interest 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interest Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph (C) of the definition of 
Interim Performance and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned 
in accordance with the rankings set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
(B) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn 
will be a percentage weighting for such Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying depending on such Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying's performance determined in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. Accordingly, 
in order to determine Wn for an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
shall first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the

--- Page 523 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
497
 
definition of Outperf A and thereafter the Wn shall be 
assigned in accordance with the rankings set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn 
will be a percentage weighting for such Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying depending on such Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying's performance determined in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. Accordingly, 
in order to determine Wn for an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interim Outperformance B Underlying 
shall first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the 
definition of Outperf B and thereafter the Wn shall be 
assigned in accordance with the rankings set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two 
or more Interest Underlyings, Interim Outperformance A 
Underlyings or Interim Outperformance B Underlyings have an 
equal Interim Performance, their ranking shall be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
X means the number of Oasis Best Performers specified in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Underlying 
Return. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of whether interest is due on an 
Interest Payment Date 
An "Interest Barrier Event" will occur in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
each related Interest Barrier Observation Date in the case of (G) below, and, as 
applicable, the relevant Interest Period, if: 
(A) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event European Observation", in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum 
of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels of the Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s), satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on the 
Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event European Performance Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Interim Performance of the 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American Observation – Closing Level", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing 
Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event

--- Page 524 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
498
 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels 
of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier 
Level on each Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(D) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-Day Level", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Level or (ii) 
if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Levels of the Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on each 
Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(E) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – Closing 
Level", the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in 
respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum 
of the Underlying Closing Levels of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on any Interest Barrier 
Observation Date;  
(F) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – Intra-
Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest 
Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying 
Levels of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest 
Barrier Level on any Interest Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American Performance Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Interim Performance or (ii) 
if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Interim Performances of the Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such Interest Payment Date and each 
Interest Barrier Observation Date related thereto, satisfy the relevant 
Interest Barrier Level and, as the Interim Performance shall be calculated 
in respect of each Interest Barrier Observation Date relating to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Interim Performance to "Interest 
Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date" shall be construed 
to be to the "Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Interest 
Underlying for the relevant Interest Barrier Observation Date 
converted at the FX on such Interest Barrier Observation Date"; and  
II. 
reference to Interim Performance being calculated "in respect of an 
Interest Payment Date" or "for an Interest Payment Date" shall be 
construed to be to "in respect of or, as the case may be, for an 
Interest Payment Date and the relevant Interest Barrier Observation 
Date"; and 
III. 
the Interim Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Interest Barrier Observation Date; and/or  
(H) 
where "Interest Barrier Event Lock-In" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in the determination of the Calculation Agent an 
Interest Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of any prior Interest 
Payment Date. 
As used above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying Closing Level, 
Interim Performance or Underlying Level, as the case may be, are in the case of

--- Page 525 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
499
 
(i) below in the definition of Interest Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or 
equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to the relevant Interest Barrier Event, the relevant Interest 
Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii) below in the definition of Interest Barrier 
Level, are neither less than the relevant Lower Interest Barrier Level nor greater 
than the relevant Upper Interest Barrier Level, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and, in each case, where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Multi-Chance Securities, an Interest Barrier Event 
shall be determined in respect of each Interest Barrier Underlying separately (as 
the Interest Amount due on the relevant Interest Payment Date is dependent on 
the number of Interest Barrier Underlyings for which an Interest Barrier Event 
occurs). 
Where: 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) means the Interest Underlying(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Interest Barrier Level means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and an 
Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, (i) where a single Interest Barrier Level is specified, whichever of 
greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to) in respect 
of an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage level 
specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) where percentage levels are specified in respect of 
an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms one as a Lower Interest Barrier Level and one as an Upper Interest 
Barrier Level for such Interest Barrier Underlying, that the Interest Barrier Level 
shall mean any level that is greater than or greater than (or equal to) such Lower 
Interest Barrier Level and less than or less than (or equal to) such Upper Interest 
Barrier Level. 
Interest Lock-in Event means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, each 
related Interest Barrier Observation Date in the case of (G) above, and, as 
applicable, the relevant Interest Period, that an Interest Barrier Event has occurred 
and on the Interest Payment Date or Interest Barrier Observation Date(s), as the 
case may be, on which the Interest Barrier Level was, as the case may be, or were 
satisfied the relevant Underlying Level, Underlying Closing Level or Interim 
Performance, as the case may be, used to determine the satisfaction of the Interest 
Barrier Level in respect of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) also satisfied the 
Interest Lock-in Level. For such purpose, "satisfy" shall be construed as set out 
in the definition of Interest Barrier Event above. 
Interest Lock-in Level means in respect of an Interest Payment Date and an 
Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, (i) where a single Interest Lock-in Level is specified, whichever of 
greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to) in respect 
of an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage level 
specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms or (ii) where percentage levels are specified in respect of 
an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms one as a Lower Interest Lock-in Level and one as an Upper Interest 
Lock-in Level for such Interest Barrier Underlying, that the Interest Lock-in Level 
shall mean any level that is greater than (or equal to) such Lower Interest Lock-
in Level and less than (or equal to) such Upper Interest Lock-in Level.

--- Page 526 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
500
 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the amount of interest due on an 
Interest Payment Date 
Interest Amount means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities (other than Fixed Rate Securities that are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Lookback Securities, Multi-Chance 
Securities or Range Accrual Securities), Floating Rate Securities, CMS 
Rate Securities, Spread Securities or Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities, the amount (if any) determined as provided in Condition 4 
below and in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities that are Lookback Securities, and where interest is 
due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) the amount in respect of each Security specified 
as the "Interest Amount" for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms plus (ii) the sum of the amounts specified 
as the "Interest Amount" (if any) in respect of all of the Interest Payment 
Dates (if any) falling prior to such Interest Payment Date (x) on which an 
Interest Barrier Event did not occur and, therefore, such Interest 
Amount(s) was not paid on such prior Interest Payment Date and (y) which 
have not already been accounted for as described in this part (ii) on any 
prior Interest Payment Date, provided that the Securities may be expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Fixed Rate Securities that are Lookback 
Securities in respect of one or more specified Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of one or more specified Interest Payment Dates only, provided 
further that where more than one Interest Barrier Observation Dates are 
specified in respect of a relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms and where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level" or "Interest Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level" and (a) where "Memory Effect" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Amount 
shall be the amount in respect of each Security specified as the "Interest 
Amount" in respect of the most recent related Interest Barrier Observation 
Date for which an Interest Barrier Event has occurred in the Table set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms; or (b) where "Without Memory Effect" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Amount 
shall be the sum of the amounts specified as the "Interest Amount" in 
respect of all of the related Interest Barrier Observation Dates (if any), 
(falling prior to such Interest Payment Date) for which an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(C) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities that are Multi-Chance Securities, and where interest 
is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, the amount in respect of each Security specified 
as the "Interest Amount" for the number of Interest Barrier Underlying(s) 
for which an Interest Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as the 
Interest Amount due shall depend on the number of Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for which an Interest Barrier Event occurs); 
(D) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities that are Range Accrual Securities, the amount (if 
any) determined as provided in Condition 4 below and in the applicable 
Issue Terms, which shall specify that the applicable Day Count Fraction 
shall be multiplied by the applicable Accrual Rate. The applicable Accrual 
Rate in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest Payment Date

--- Page 527 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
501
 
shall be an amount expressed as a decimal determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠 𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑒𝑑
𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑒𝑑 
Where: 
Days Accrued means the number of Interest Barrier Observation Dates in 
such Interest Period on which an Interest Barrier Event occurs. 
Days Observed means the number of Range Accrual Determination Dates 
in such Interest Period. 
(E) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Inflation Rate Securities, and where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in respect of each Security determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in the Table set 
out in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× ([ 𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟−𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡] + 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛) × 𝐷𝐶𝐹;  or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in the Table set out 
in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following formula:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× ([ 𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟−𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡] + 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛) × 𝐷𝐶𝐹× 𝐼𝑃𝑅 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I and II above, if (x) a 
Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount 
is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest 
Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar), 
where: 
DCF means the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 4 below) 
and, for which purpose, an Interest Period and Interest Period End Date 
shall be as defined in Condition 4 below. 
Interest Amount Inflation Index means any Underlying which is an 
Inflation Index and is designated as the Interest Amount Inflation Index in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
Margin means the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be preceded with either a 
"+" (plus) or a "-" minus sign. 
UCL Adjustment means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
amount (which may be positive, negative or zero) specified as such for 
such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 528 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
502
 
UCL Numerator means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Interest Amount Inflation Index on (i) the 
date falling the number of calendar months prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) such other 
date specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date 
for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the 
Conditions.  
UCL Denominator means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Interest Amount Inflation Index on (i) the 
date falling the number of calendar months prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and which shall 
be the month falling 12 months prior to the UCL Numerator or (ii) such 
other date specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided 
in, the Conditions; 
(F) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Interim Performance Interest Securities and where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in respect of each Security determined 
by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate nor an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠); or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅; or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑠; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or

--- Page 529 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
503
 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. where an Interest Participation Rate and an Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒
+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
a minimum amount (a collar); 
(G) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Twin Win Interim Performance 
Interest Securities and where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, any 
amount in respect of each Security determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate or an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)); or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅; or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or

--- Page 530 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
504
 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅 ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +
 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. where an Interest Participation and an Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅 ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
a minimum amount (a collar);  
(H) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Reverse Interim Performance 
Interest Securities and where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, any 
amount in respect of each Security determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate nor an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)); or

--- Page 531 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
505
 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅); or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. where an Interest Participation and an Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
a minimum amount (a collar).

--- Page 532 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
506
 
Where Target Mandatory Early Redemption (Capped) Provisions is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the relevant 
Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A), 
(B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) above, as applicable, but such Interest 
Amount so determined shall be subject to a maximum amount (a cap). 
Such cap shall be an amount determined to be the Target Mandatory Early 
Redemption Threshold Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
less (1) the sum of all the Interest Amount(s) (if any) paid in respect of a 
Security for all the Interest Payment Date(s) (if any) falling prior to such 
Interest Payment Date and (2) where "Include Any Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the sum of all the Non-Contingent Interest Amount(s) (if any) paid in 
respect of a Security for all the Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date(s) 
(if any) falling prior to such Interest Payment Date; 
(I) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Buy the Dip Securities and where 
interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in respect of each Security 
determined by reference to the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑎𝑙 –  𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑎𝑙) 
Where: 
Current Cash Accrual shall have the meaning given to it in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 (Buy the Dip Securities). 
Previous Cash Accrual shall have the meaning given to it in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 (Buy the Dip Securities). 
Interest Adjustment means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
amount (which may be either positive or negative) specified in the 
applicable Table under the heading Interest Adjustment in the applicable 
Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT if "Barrier Event Applicable" is specified 
in the Table in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interest 
Adjustment, the Interest Adjustment will be the Barrier Event Satisfied 
Interest Adjustment if a Barrier Event has occurred or the Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied Interest Adjustment, if a Barrier Event has not occurred. 
Interest Participation Rate or IPR means, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Valuation Date in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under 
the heading "IPR" in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Z means the percentage specified in the Table in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of the relevant Interest Underlying; and 
(J) 
where "Interest Rollup" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, all Interest Amounts 
accrued and calculated in respect of each Interest Period during the term of the 
Securities shall be aggregated and shall not be paid until the Maturity Date or, 
where Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event or a Mandatory Early Redemption Event (as applicable) 
occurs, the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
additional interest shall accrue in respect of Interest Amounts accrued and 
calculated in respect of prior Interest Periods. 
(b) 
Definitions relating to Mandatory Early Redemption 
(i) 
Dates

--- Page 533 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
507
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment Date or MER Coupon 
Payment Date means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each 
date specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date or MER Date means each date specified 
as such in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Specified Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date means in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit 
MER Barrier Event), each date or dates specified as such for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event) in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, shall be an "Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date".  
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date or 
Specified MER Barrier Observation Date means in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event), each date or dates specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall 
be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date" or a "MER Barrier 
Observation Date".  
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date or Specified 
MER Initial Floor Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed 
to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Floor Strike Date" or a "MER Initial Floor Strike Date". 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date or Specified MER Strike 
Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date or dates specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date" or a "MER 
Strike Date". 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date or Specified MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date means, in respect 
of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each date designated as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall 
be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory 
Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date" or "MER Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date".  
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each date designated as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall 
be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the

--- Page 534 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
508
 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Date".  
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s), the 
performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) and levels 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) 
Cross Rate I Designated Page means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such MER Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Page means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such MER Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate I Designated Time means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such MER Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Time means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such MER Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Page means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Time means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, the 
time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Equality Adjustment means that, in respect of two or more performances, levels 
or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or low, the 
Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest performances, 
levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level or value, in its 
discretion. 
FX means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(b), where FX Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic Page 
(as defined in Condition 2 below)) of which is expressed or determined to be in a 
currency other than the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant Currency), either: (i) 
where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the rate specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant 
Currency/Specified Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at 
the Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Relevant Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate or any other page or 
service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (expressed as the number of units of the 
Relevant Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency 
can be exchanged) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) 
and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,

--- Page 535 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
509
 
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such MER 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) if Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I Designated Page at the Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other 
page or service that may replace the Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose 
of displaying the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II 
Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or 
service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
FX Performance means, in respect of a MER Date, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined in accordance with the following formula:  
FX Perf Final
FX Perf Initial 
where, 
FX Perf Final means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified MER Valuation Date relating to that MER 
Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last occurring 
Specified MER Valuation Date relating to that MER Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX

--- Page 536 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
510
 
Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such 
other page or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 
for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) 
at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine (all rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified above it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such 
source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
FX Perf Initial means either an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified MER Strike Date relating to that MER Date 
(or, if more than one such date is specified, the last occurring Specified 
MER Strike Date relating to that MER Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate 
B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or

--- Page 537 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
511
 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified 
above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf Designated Time", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency", "FX Perf 
Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page", "FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation Date" and "Initial FX 
Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Level or MER Initial Floor Level 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, the product of (A) the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date, and (B) the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Initial Floor Percentage. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Percentage or MER Initial Floor 
Percentage means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if any) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level or MER Initial Level means, 
subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date", the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if 
any) for the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on MER Re-strike Date", the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the immediately preceding MER Date or, if none, the 
Underlying Closing Level for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as converted 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates", the arithmetic average of the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying

--- Page 538 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
512
 
Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level 
of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to 
the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying 
Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level 
of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to 
the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(H) 
a level specified as such for the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT where "MER Initial Floor" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level shall be 
subject to a minimum level equal to the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Level. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying(s) means, in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions, the or each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying(s) means, in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions, the or each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or MER Performance means, 
subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date and: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level

--- Page 539 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
513
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is subject to such minimum percentage (a

--- Page 540 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
514
 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying: 
∑wn  × MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 541 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
515
 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage

--- Page 542 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
516
 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula: 
[Outperf A −Outperf B] × 100 
For which purpose: 
Outperf A means, in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A

--- Page 543 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
517
 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying, an amount expressed 
as a decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a

--- Page 544 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
518
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
∑wn × MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and

--- Page 545 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
519
 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions for Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying, each of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
 if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such

--- Page 546 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
520
 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
Outperf B means, in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Outperformance B 
Underlying, an amount expressed as a decimal and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event)

--- Page 547 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
521
 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
∑wn × MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar);

--- Page 548 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
522
 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions for Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying, each of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is

--- Page 549 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
523
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) or MERPU 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, subject as provided in 
sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event below, either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying;

--- Page 550 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
524
 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with the Nth highest (which 
shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlyings are equal Nth 
highest, be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance in respect of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with the Nth lowest (which 
shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlyings are equal Nth 
lowest, be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance in respect of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying(s) and Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying(s).  
Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level or MER Reference Level 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date or, as the 
case may be, Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the related 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the or each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date", the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX 
(if any) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the arithmetic average of 
the Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 551 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
525
 
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) 
Underlying Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the highest (or equal highest) 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the highest (or equal highest) 
Underlying Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Wn means 
(A) 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and where Weighted Basket Observation is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying depending on such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to 
determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying where 
"Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying shall first be calculated as provided in 
paragraph (C) of the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with 
the rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(B) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying, 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage 
weighting for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
depending 
on 
such 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to 
determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of

--- Page 552 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
526
 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying shall 
first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf 
A and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying, 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage 
weighting for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
depending 
on 
such 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to 
determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying shall 
first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf 
B and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings, Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlyings 
or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlyings have an equal Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance, their ranking shall be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Level or MER Strike Level means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Level specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms which may, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying's Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level.  
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) or MER Underlying(s) means, 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions, the or each Underlying 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and therefore that the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount will be due on the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date 
An "Early Exit MER Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, if: 
(A) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event European Observation", 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Early Exit MER Barrier Level on the Early Exit MER Barrier Observation 
Date; 
(B) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation

--- Page 553 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
527
 
– Closing Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on each Early Exit MER 
Barrier Observation Date;  
(C) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation 
– Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on each Early Exit MER Barrier 
Observation Date; 
(D) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on any 
Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date; or  
(E) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on any Early Exit MER 
Barrier Observation Date. 
A "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or each related MER Barrier Observation 
Date in the case of (G) below, if: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
European Observation" and:  
(1) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or  
(2) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and where (I) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms 
and where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, or (II) the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as all of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either: 
(a) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) satisfy or have satisfied the

--- Page 554 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
528
 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date(s) 
in respect of any Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
falling on or prior to such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be satisfied on 
the same or different Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date(s) or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s) in respect of each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s));  
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
European Performance Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on each Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date;  
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on each Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Closing Level" and: 
(1) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level on any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or  
(2) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and where (I) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms 
and where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, or (II) the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as all of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either: 
(a) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or

--- Page 555 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
529
 
(b) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) satisfy or have satisfied the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date(s) 
in respect of any Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
falling on or prior to such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be satisfied on 
the same or different Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date(s) or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s) in respect of each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s)); 
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Performance Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date and each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date related thereto, satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level and, as the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance shall be calculated in respect of each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date relating to the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance to "Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date" shall be construed to be 
to the "Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying for the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date converted at the FX on such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date"; and  
II. 
reference to Mandatory Early Redemption Performance being 
calculated "in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date" or 
"for a Mandatory Early Redemption Date" shall be construed to be 
to "in respect of or, as the case may be, for a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Observation Date"; 
III. 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (if 
any) shall be determined in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or 
(H) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Target Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event", in the determination of the Calculation Agent and in respect of the 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date:

--- Page 556 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
530
 
(1) 
the sum of the aggregate Interest Amount(s) paid in respect of all 
of the Interest Payment Dates falling prior to such Interest Payment 
Date or such Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date; 
(2) 
and, where "Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of 
the aggregate Non-Contingent Interest Amount(s) paid in respect 
of all of the Non-Contingent Interest Payment Dates falling prior to 
such Interest Payment Date or such Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date; and 
(3) 
where: 
(a) 
"Include Any Interest Amount Due On Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date " is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and any Interest Amount due on such Interest 
Payment Date (and, where "Include Any Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, any Non-Contingent Interest Amount due on 
such Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date); or 
(b) 
"Exclude Any Interest Amount Due On Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date " is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, but excluding any Interest Amount due on such 
Interest Payment Date and excluding any Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount due on such Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date; and 
(4) 
where "Interest Rollup" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the sum of all the Interest Amounts determined in 
respect of (i) the Interest Period ending on or about such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (the End Interest Period) and (B) each 
Interest Period preceding the End Interest Period; 
in each case, is equal to or greater than the Target Mandatory Early 
Redemption Threshold Amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
provided that where "Early Exit MER Barrier Event" is specified as applicable in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event will occur in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date if either (1) any such event in paragraph (A), 
(B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) above, as applicable, occurs in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or (2) an Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
occurs in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
A "Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event" or "MER Upper 
Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date if: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event European Performance Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date satisfy the MER Upper Barrier 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event European Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early

--- Page 557 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
531
 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the MER Upper Barrier 
Percentage on the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date. 
As used in (A) and (B) above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying 
Closing Level, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or Underlying Level, 
as the case may be, are in the case of (i) below in the definition of Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than 
or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii) below in the definition of 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level, are neither less than the relevant 
Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level nor greater than the relevant 
Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or in the case of the definition of MER Upper Barrier 
Percentage below, are greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less 
than (or equal to), as applicable, the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level. 
Where: 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) or Early Exit MERBU means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an 
Early Exit MER Barrier Event), the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Early Exit MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit MER Barrier Event):  
(i) 
other than where any Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and Early Exit 
Upper MER Barrier Level are specified for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event) in respect of such Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, 
as the case may be, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings, whichever of 
greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), 
as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (A) the percentage level 
specified as such for such Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event) in the applicable Issue Terms; or  
(ii) 
where any Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and Early Exit Upper 
MER Barrier Level are specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier Event) in 
respect of an Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, 
the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings in the applicable Issue Terms one 
as an Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and one as an Early Exit Upper 
MER Barrier Level for such Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying, that the 
Early Exit MER Barrier Level shall mean any level that is greater than (or 
equal to) such Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and less than (or equal 
to) such Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level. 
Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit MER Barrier Event) 
and an Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the Early Exit 
MER Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as such for such Early 
Exit MER Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
(and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier Event) in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit MER Barrier Event) 
and an Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the Early Exit

--- Page 558 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
532
 
MER Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as such for such Early 
Exit MER Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
(and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier Event) in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Latest Preceding MER Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings (the 
Relevant MERBU(s)): 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the Latest 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, 
in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest 
Reset MER Barrier Level"; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, in respect of 
the most recently preceding Mandatory Early Redemption Date for which 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset 
MER Barrier Level", and (II) the Performance Product Base Level of the 
Relevant MERBU(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the Latest 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER Reference 
Level, in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier 
Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level", of the Relevant MERBU(s). 
Latest Reset MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an 
amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(Reset MER Floor Level, Latest Preceding MER Level) 
Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level or Lower MER Barrier 
Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the 
case may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) or MERBU means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event), the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level or MER Barrier Level means, 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event):  
(i) 
other than where any Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 
and Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level are specified for

--- Page 559 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
533
 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in respect of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, whichever of greater than, greater 
than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (A) the percentage level specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (B) if "Reset MER Barrier Level" is specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Reset MER Barrier Level in respect of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, or (C) if "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level" is specified as such for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Latest Reset MER Barrier Level in respect of 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date; or  
(ii) 
where any Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level and Upper 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level are specified for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms one as a Lower Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level and one as an Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying, that the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level shall mean any level that is 
greater than (or equal to) such Lower Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level and less than (or equal to) such Upper Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level. 
MER Upper Barrier Percentage means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying, 
whenever of greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal 
to), as is specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage level specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Performance Product Base Level  means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the level 
specified as such for the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Initial Level of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s). 
Preceding MER Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings (the Relevant 
MERBU(s)): 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the Preceding 
MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case,

--- Page 560 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
534
 
in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, in respect of 
the immediately preceding Mandatory Early Redemption Date, and (II) the 
Performance Product Base Level of the Relevant MERBU(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER Reference 
Level in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date of the Relevant MERBU(s). 
Reset MER Underlying(s) means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date (and/or, as the case may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event), 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Reset MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an amount determined 
by reference to the following formula: 
Max(Reset MER Floor Level, Preceding MER Level) 
Reset MER Floor Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level 
specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level or Upper MER Barrier 
Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the 
case may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount due if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred 
Early Exit MER Amount means, in respect of each Security and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means, in 
respect of each Security and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, either  
(A) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Option and:  
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate nor a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation

--- Page 561 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
535
 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR; or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 FX Performance; or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERPR ×  FX Performance; or

--- Page 562 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
536
 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is 
specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined to the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of Relevant Percentage and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage + MER Performance of MERPU) ×
MERPR + MERAA; or 
VII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage + MER Performance of MERPU) ×
FX Performance +  MERAA; or 
VIII. a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance plus the MERAA, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage
+ MER Performance of MERPU) × FX Performance × MERPR
+  MERAA 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (A)I to (A)VIII above, 
that if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified 
in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) 
a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, different Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amounts or Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amounts may apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event and/or a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
and/or in respect of different Mandatory Early Redemption Dates;

--- Page 563 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
537
 
(B) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Option and:  
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate nor a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU ×
 MERPR); or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU ×
 FX Performance); or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation

--- Page 564 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
538
 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR ×  FX Performance); or  
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR +  MERAA; or 
VII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×
 MER Performance of MERPU) +  FX Performance ×  MERAA; or 
VIII. a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is 
specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
(MERPU) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied 
by the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate multiplied 
by FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount
+ (Calculation Amount x MER Performance of MERPU) x FX Performance ×  MERPR 
+  MERAA 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (B)I to (B)VIII above, 
that if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified 
in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early

--- Page 565 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
539
 
Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) 
a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, different Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amounts or Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amounts may apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event and/or a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
and/or in respect of different Mandatory Early Redemption Dates; 
(C) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Spread - Put 
Spread Option and: 
I. 
none of a Global Participation Rate, a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Call or a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Put are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus 
the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the 
greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) + Min (PutCap, Max  
(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))] + MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put but no Global 
Participation Rate, is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be 
(x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the 
Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (MERPerf), multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call (MERPR 
Call)) less the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap 
and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, multiplied by the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Put (MERPR Put)) plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor,Min(CallCap,MERPerf)) × MERPRCall] –  
[Min(PutCap,Max(PutFloor,100%+MERPerf)) × MERPR Put]] + MERAA

--- Page 566 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
540
 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but none of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Rate Call, a Mandatory Early Performance Rate Put 
or a Global Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be (x) 
the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" 
(being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus the "put spread amount" 
(being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and 
the sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) 
multiplied by FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) +
Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))] ×  FX Performance +  MERAA   
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
IV. 
a Global Participation Rate but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate Call or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be 
(x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the 
Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus the "put spread amount" 
(being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and 
the sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) 
multiplied by the Global Participation Rate (GPR) plus a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) +
Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))] ×  GRP + MERAA  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
V. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put but no 
Global Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" 
(being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the

--- Page 567 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
541
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate Call (MERPR Call)) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Rate Put (MERPR Put)) multiplied by FX Performance plus a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×  MERPR Call] +
 Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100% + MERPerf) ×  MERPR Put] ×  FX Performance +
 MERAA  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put and a Global 
Participation Rate (GPR) are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate 
Call (MERPR Call)) plus the "put spread amount " (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum 
of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put (MERPR 
Put)) multiplied by the Global Participation Rate plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×  MERPR Call] 
+  Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100%
+ MERPerf) ×  MERPR Put] ×  GPR +  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VII. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Global Participation Rate (GPR) but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call or Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate Put is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus 
the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the 
greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early

--- Page 568 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
542
 
Redemption Date) multiplied by the FX Performance multiplied by 
the GPR plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount (MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) 
+  Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100%
+ MERPerf)) ×  FX Performance ×  GPR +  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VIII. a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put and a Global 
Participation Rate (GPR) are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate 
Call (MERPR Call)) plus the "put spread amount" (being the lesser 
of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 
per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate Put (MERPR Put)) 
multiplied by the FX Performance multiplied by the GPR plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×  MERPR Call] 
+ [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100%
+ MERPerf) ×  MERPR Put]] ×  FX Performance ×  GPR 
+  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); 
(D) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Twin Win Option 
and: 
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the

--- Page 569 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
543
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR; or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance
; 
or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) + MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR ×
FX Performance; or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) plus a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a 
formula:

--- Page 570 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
544
 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR + MERAA; 
or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount but 
no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance 
plus a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
(MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance +
MERAA; or 
VIII. FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) and multiplied by 
FX Performance plus a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount (MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100%
+ Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance
× MERPR + MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a floor). 
Where: 
Absolute Value or Abs means the positive percentage or decimal or numerical 
value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, without regard 
to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 19 per cent.). 
Call Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Call Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the amount (if any) in the specified currency 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 571 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
545
 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the amount (if any) in the specified currency 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or MERPR means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call or MERPR Call 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put or MERPR Put means, 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Min means the lesser of the two terms separated by a comma or semi-colon or, 
where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Max means the greater (or equal greatest) of the two terms separated by a comma 
or semi-colon or, where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
MERPerf means, in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the MER Performance of the MER Performance Underlying for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date. 
Snowball Accrual Day means each day specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if none is so specified, each calendar day. 
Snowball Accrual Denominator or SA Denominator means the number (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Snowball Accrual Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means, in respect 
of each Security and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by reference to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [SA Relevant Percentage + (SA Rate × SA Numerator
SA Denominator)] 
Snowball Accrual Numerator or SA Numerator means the number of Snowball 
Accrual Days falling in the Snowball Accrual Period. 
Snowball Accrual Period means the period (if any) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Snowball Accrual Rate or SA Rate means the percentage rate (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Snowball Accrual Relevant Percentage or SA Relevant Percentage means the 
percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Definitions relating to redemption 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike Date means the or each date 
designated as such in the applicable Issue Terms. The or each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the or each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Market Timer Redemption 
Strike Date".

--- Page 572 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
546
 
Specified Final Valuation Date means the or each date designated as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The or each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and the or each such date, 
as so adjusted, shall be a "Final Valuation Date".  
Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date means each date or dates specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, shall be a "Gemini Event Valuation Date". 
Specified Redemption Barrier Observation Date means each date or dates 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed 
to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Barrier Observation Date". 
Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date means, in respect of an 
Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such 
date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Initial Floor 
Strike Date". 
Specified Redemption Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date 
or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Strike Date". 
Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date means each date 
or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date". 
Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date means each date 
or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date". 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Redemption Underlying(s), the performance of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) and levels of the Redemption Underlying(s) 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer means, in respect of an Final Valuation Date: 
(A) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Underlying with the highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Redemption 
Underlyings are equal highest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Oasis Final Percentage for such Final Valuation 
Date; or 
(B) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Redemption Underlying which has one of the X highest Oasis 
Final Percentages, determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each 
of the Redemption Underlyings in order of their Oasis Final Percentage in

--- Page 573 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
547
 
respect of such Final Valuation Date from highest to lowest, where (i) the 
Redemption Underlying with the highest Oasis Final Percentage will be 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer 1, (ii) the Redemption Underlying with 
the second highest Oasis Final Percentage will be Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer 2, and so on until (iii) the Redemption Underlying with the X 
highest Oasis Final Percentage will be Best Oasis Redemption Performer 
X, 
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Redemption Underlyings have an equal 
Oasis Final Percentage in respect of such Final Valuation Date, the highest of 
such Redemption Underlyings shall be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment. 
C means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
percentage may be 0 (zero) per cent. 
Cross Rate I Designated Page means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Page means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate I Designated Time means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Time means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
D means the decimal specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
decimal may be 0 (zero). 
Designated Page means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying and the FX for 
such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Time means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying and the FX for 
such Redemption Underlying, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Equality Adjustment means that, in respect of two or more performances, levels 
or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or low, the 
Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest performances, 
levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level or value, in its 
discretion. 
Final Outperformance A Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions, the or each Redemption Underlying specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Outperformance B Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions, the or each Redemption Underlying specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Performance means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Redemption Barrier Event below: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms

--- Page 574 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
548
 
and in respect of the Redemption Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or

--- Page 575 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
549
 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms and in 
respect of all of the Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Redemption Underlying: 
∑Wn × Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final

--- Page 576 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
550
 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in 
the applicable Issue Terms and in respect of each of the Redemption 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); or 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a

--- Page 577 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
551
 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula:

--- Page 578 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
552
 
[Outperf A −Outperf B] × 100, 
For which purpose: 
Outperf A means 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the Final Outperformance A Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Final Outperformance A Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A and a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a

--- Page 579 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
553
 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
all of the Final Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
∑Wn × Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A and a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event

--- Page 580 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
554
 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions for Final Outperformance A Underlying, 
and each of the Final Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A and a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);

--- Page 581 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
555
 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
Outperf B means 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the Outperformance B Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Final Outperformance B Underlying:  
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B and a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a

--- Page 582 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
556
 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
all of the Final Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
∑Wn  × Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B and a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is

--- Page 583 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
557
 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions for Final Outperformance B Underlying, 
and each of the Final Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level

--- Page 584 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
558
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B and a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar);  
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(E) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" is specified in 
as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms and in respect of the Redemption Underlyings, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined as the arithmetic mean

--- Page 585 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
559
 
of the Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage for the relevant 
Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);  
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final

--- Page 586 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
560
 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(F) 
where "Arithmetic Mean Underlying Return" is specified in as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms and in respect of the Redemption Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined be reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
∑1
n  × Underlying Return (Final)
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);

--- Page 587 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
561
 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(G) 
where "Cliquet" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the 
Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formulae, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption 
Underlying: 
I. 
if "Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C; or
t
t=1
 
II. 
if "Product of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C; or
t
t=1
 
III. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Final Period Performance −(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) ; or 
IV. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 588 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
562
 
Abs (Final Period Performance) −(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) ; or 
V. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Final Period Performance −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
−C) ; or 
VI. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Abs (Final Period Performance) −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
− C ) ; or 
VII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) −Final Period Performance; or 
VIII. if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance – Sum 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) − Abs (Final Period Performance); or 
IX. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Product (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
−C) −Final Period Performance;or 
X. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance – Product 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
− C) −Abs (Final Period Performance) 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final

--- Page 589 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
563
 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar), and 
(e) 
if (x) a Cliquet Final Performance Floor is specified as "Cliquet 
Final Performance Floor" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance for such Final Valuation Date will be subject to a 
minimum percentage (floor) (if any) determined as the Cliquet 
Final Performance Floor, or (y) a Cliquet Final Performance Floor 
is specified as "Global Lock-in Floor" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger has been 
satisfied in respect of any Final Valuation Date, the Final 
Performance for such Final Valuation Date will be subject to a 
minimum percentage (floor) of the Global Lock-in Floor 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
where: 
Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date means, in respect of each Specified 
Cliquet Final Valuation Period, the Final Valuation Date(s) in respect of 
such Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period with the Uth highest Cliquet 
Final Decimals, determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each of 
the Final Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Final Decimals from 
highest to lowest, where, (i) the Final Valuation Date with the highest 
Cliquet Final Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the Final Valuation 
Date with the second highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the second 
highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Final Valuation Date with the 
lowest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Final Valuation Dates have an 
equal Cliquet Final Decimal, the highest of such Final Valuation Dates 
will be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment.

--- Page 590 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
564
 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor means a percentage determined as the 
product of (A) an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being 
the Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer (if any) that is: 
(a) 
greater than, 
(b) 
greater than or equal to,  
(c) 
less than or equal to, or  
(d) 
less than (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor), 
the Cliquet Final Performance Sum determined in respect of each Final 
Valuation Date and (B) if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple or otherwise 100%, 
PROVIDED THAT, if the applicable requirements in respect of any 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor are not satisfied, then there shall be no 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor. 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum means, in respect of a Final Valuation 
Date, the sum of each Cliquet Underlying Return determined in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date occurring prior to (and including) the relevant 
Final Valuation Date. 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer means, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, "the highest (or equal highest) positive integer", 
"the highest (or equal highest) integer", "the lowest (or equal lowest) 
positive integer" or "the lowest (or equal lowest) integer". For which 
purpose, an integer shall be any whole number (including negative whole 
numbers and zero) and a positive integer shall be any whole number 
greater than or equal to 1 (one) and, where the relevant Cliquet Final 
Performance Sum is not a whole number, the relevant integer shall be the 
nearest integer thereto, with any amount equal to a multiple of 0.5 being 
rounded up. 
Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) means, in respect of the Redemption 
Underlying and the Final Valuation Date, an amount expressed as a 
decimal calculated in accordance with the following (the Cliquet Final 
Decimal): 
(A) 
if "Cliquet A (Final)", "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet C (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Multiple FVD Final 
Performance Percentage; or 
(B) 
if "Cliquet A Absolute (Final)" "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" or 
"Cliquet C Absolute (Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 
 
Abs (Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage), 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, 
I. 
if (i) "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" and (ii) 
"Cliquet B Highest (Final)" are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) for the or each, as the 
case may be, Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date will be deemed 
to be the Cliquet B Highest Return Redemption Decimal specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above;

--- Page 591 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
565
 
II. 
if (i) "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" and (ii) 
"Cliquet B Lowest (Final)" are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) for the or each, as the 
case may be, Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date will be deemed 
to be the Cliquet B Lowest Return Redemption Decimal specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
III. 
if "Cliquet C (Final)" or "Cliquet C Absolute (Final)" are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal in 
respect of Final Valuation Date or any preceding Final Valuation 
Date has been either (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, 
(iii) less than or equal to or (iv) less than (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of Cliquet C (Final) or Cliquet C 
Absolute (Final), as applicable) the Cliquet C Redemption Target 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying 
Return (Final) for such Final Valuation Date will be deemed to be 
the Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT: 
(a) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal in respect of 
any Final Valuation Date is greater than such Cliquet Underlying 
Return Redemption Cap, the Cliquet Final Decimal for such Final 
Valuation Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Cap; and 
(b) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Floor is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal in respect of 
any Final Valuation Date is greater than such Cliquet Underlying 
Return Redemption Floor, the Cliquet Final Decimal for such Final 
Valuation Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Floor. 
Final Period Performance means either Final Period Performance 1, 
Final Period Performance 2 or Final Period Performance 3, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Period Performance is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Period Performance is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Period 
Performance and a Minimum Final Period Performance is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar). 
Final Period Performance 1 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal equal to the Final Period 
Performance Percentage. 
Final Period Performance 2 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
D −Final Period Performance Percentage.

--- Page 592 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
566
 
Final Period Performance 3 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
D × Final Period Performance Percentage. 
Final Period Performance Percentage means, in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying, a decimal calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the last occurring Final Valuation Date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the determination of any Final 
Performance, the Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on such Final Valuation Date, as converted by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for such Final Valuation Date. 
Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger means that, in respect of a 
Final Valuation Date, the Global Lock-in Redemption Sum for such Final 
Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) less than 
or equal to or (d) less than (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the Global Lock-in Floor Redemption Trigger) the Global Lock-
in Redemption Floor Trigger Level specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Global Lock-in Redemption Sum means, in respect of a Final Valuation 
Date, the sum of all Cliquet Underlying Returns determined in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date occurring prior to (and including) the relevant 
Final Valuation Date. 
t means, in respect of a Cliquet Underlying Return (Final), the number of 
Final Valuation Dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Cliquet Underlying Return Final. 
U means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the 
purpose of determining the Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Dates or the 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date means, in respect of each 
Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period, the Final Valuation Date(s) in 
respect of such Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period with the Uth 
lowest Cliquet Final Decimals, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
ranking each of the Final Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Final 
Decimals from lowest to highest, where, (i) the Final Valuation Date with 
the highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the Final 
Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the 
second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Final Valuation Date with 
the lowest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Final Valuation Dates have an 
equal Cliquet Final Decimal, the highest of such Final Valuation Dates 
will be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Final Performance Underlying(s) or FPU means either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" or "Cliquet" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Underlying;

--- Page 593 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
567
 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" or "Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Redemption 
Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Underlying with the Nth highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Final Performance 
Underlyings are equal Nth highest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Final Performance, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Underlying with the Nth lowest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Final Performance 
Underlyings are equal Nth lowest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Final Performance, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Final Outperformance A Underlying(s) and Final Outperformance B 
Underlying(s); 
(F) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" and "Best of 
Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date, the Redemption Underlying with the highest 
(which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Redemption Underlyings are equal highest, be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple FVD Final Performance 
Percentage on such Final Valuation Date, PROVIDED THAT a 
Redemption Underlying may not be the Final Performance Underlying in 
respect of any such Final Valuation Date if such Redemption Underlying 
was the Final Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Final 
Valuation Date and any such Redemption Underlying will be deemed not 
to be a Redemption Underlying for the purpose of determining the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of such Final Valuation Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(G) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" and "Worst of 
Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date, the Redemption Underlying with the lowest 
(which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Redemption Underlyings are equal lowest, be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple FVD Final Performance 
Percentage on such Final Valuation Date, PROVIDED THAT a 
Redemption Underlying may not be the Final Performance Underlying in 
respect of any such Final Valuation Date if such Redemption Underlying 
was the Final Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Final 
Valuation Date and any such Redemption Underlying will be deemed not 
to be a Redemption Underlying for the purpose of determining the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of such Final Valuation Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Final Reference Level means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, either:

--- Page 594 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
568
 
(A) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Closing Level on Final Valuation Date", the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation Date, as 
converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such Final Valuation 
Date; 
(B) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying 
on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying 
on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
FX means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(c), where FX Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic Page 
(as defined in Condition 2 below)) of which is expressed or determined to be in a 
currency other than the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant Currency), either: (i) 
where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the rate specified for such Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant Currency/Specified 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at the Designated Time 
on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may 
replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid Relevant 
Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) 
at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine (expressed as the number of units of the Relevant Currency (or 
part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency can be exchanged) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it

--- Page 595 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
569
 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by 
the rate calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) 
if Cross Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross 
Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I Designated Page at 
the Cross Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such 
other page or service that may replace the Cross Rate I Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select 
for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each 
relevant Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II 
Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or 
service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage means, in respect of a Final 
Valuation Date and a Redemption Underlying, a percentage, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Reference Level for the relevant Final Valuation Date −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
n means the number of Redemption Underlyings specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Redemption Initial Floor Level means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying, 
the product of (A) the Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying 
on the Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date, as converted by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for the Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date, and (B) the 
Redemption Initial Floor Percentage. 
Redemption Initial Floor Percentage means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Redemption Initial Level means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Closing Level on Redemption Strike Date", the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike 
Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the 
Redemption Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted 
first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 596 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
570
 
(C) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be the "Closing Level on Redemption Re-Strike Date FVD", (i) 
the Final Reference Level for the immediately preceding Final Valuation 
Date or, (ii) if there has been no such Final Valuation Date, the Underlying 
Closing Level for the Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike 
Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such 
Redemption Strike Date; 
(D) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(F) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(H) 
a level specified as such for the Redemption Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT where "Redemption Initial Floor" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Initial Level shall be subject to a 
minimum level equal to the Redemption Initial Floor Level. 
Redemption Strike Level means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying, the 
Redemption Strike Level specified for such Redemption Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
be such Redemption Underlying's Redemption Initial Level, PROVIDED THAT, 
different Redemption Strike Levels may apply if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of the determination of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a 
Redemption Barrier Event, Redemption Upper Barrier Event or Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event and/or the determination of different Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount(s) payable in respect of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction 
of a Redemption Barrier Event, Redemption Upper Barrier Event or Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event and/or the determination of any Final Performance in respect 
thereof, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Redemption Underlying means the or each Underlying (as defined in Condition 
2(n) below) specified as a Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Return (Final) means, in respect of each Redemption Underlying 
and a Final Valuation Date, either:

--- Page 597 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
571
 
(A) 
if "Single Cap - Single Valuation Date" or "Single Floor - Single Valuation 
Date" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return (Final) in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption 
Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying Return 
(Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap specified in respect of Underlying Return (Final) in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a "Single Floor" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if "Single Cap" and a "Single Floor" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to 
the Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, each 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
if "Single Cap - Multiple Valuation Date" or "Single Floor - Multiple 
Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return 
(Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage 
and determined as the arithmetic mean of the Multiple FVD Final 
Performance Percentage for the Redemption Underlying on the Final 
Valuation Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to, (i) if 
a "Single Cap" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum 
percentage equal to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(ii) if a "Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return (Final) 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if "Single Cap" and a 
"Single Floor" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum 
percentage equal to the Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the 
Single Floor, each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(C) 
if "Single Target" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying 
Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula (the 
Single Target Redemption Percentage), where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying:  
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
I. 
if a Single Target Underlying Redemption Threshold Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Single Target 
Redemption Percentage is either (i) equal to or less than, (ii) equal 
to or greater than, (iii) less than, or (iv) greater than the Single 
Target Redemption Threshold Percentage (in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Underlying Return 
(Final) will be the Single Target Underlying Redemption 
Performance Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
II. 
if "Single Target Redemption (Barrier)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and (i) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction 
Required" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Underlying Return 
(Final) will be a percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Redemption Performance (Barrier Event Satisfied) Percentage, 
and/or (ii) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required" is specified

--- Page 598 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
572
 
in the applicable Issue Terms and a Redemption Barrier Event has 
not occurred, a percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Redemption Performance (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) Percentage; 
and 
(D) 
if "Oasis" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return (Final) 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined in accordance with the following formula (the Oasis Final 
Percentage), where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level - Redemption Interest Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
I. 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return (Final) for the (or each, as the case may be) Best 
Oasis Redemption Performer will be deemed to be the Oasis Final 
Underlying Performance Percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and not the Oasis Final Percentage calculated in 
accordance with the formula above; or 
II. 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return (Final) for each Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer will be deemed to be the Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance Percentage specified in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer and not the Oasis Final Percentage calculated in 
accordance with the formula above. 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Underlying Return (Final) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return (Final) 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Underlying Return (Final) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return (Final) is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Underlying Return (Final) and a Minimum 
Underlying Return (Final) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return (Final) is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar).  
Wn means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Redemption Underlying and where Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Redemption Underlying 
depending on such Redemption Underlying's performance. Accordingly, 
in order to determine Wn for a Redemption Underlying where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Final Performance of such Redemption Underlying shall first be calculated 
as provided in paragraph (C) of the definition of Final Performance and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
where 
Outperformance 
Observation 
and, 
in 
respect 
of 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying, Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the

--- Page 599 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
573
 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Final Outperformance A 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Final Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Final 
Outperformance A Underlying depending on such Final Outperformance 
A Underlying's performance. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for 
an Final Outperformance A Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance of such Final Outperformance A Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf A and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
where 
Outperformance 
Observation 
and, 
in 
respect 
of 
Final 
Outperformance B Underlying, Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Final Outperformance B 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Final Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Final 
Outperformance B Underlying depending on such Final Outperformance 
B Underlying's performance. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an 
Final Outperformance A Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance of such Final Outperformance B Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf B and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two or more 
Redemption Underlyings, Final Outperformance A Underlyings or Final 
Outperformance B Underlyings have an equal Final Performance, their ranking 
shall be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment.  
X means the number of Oasis Best Performers specified in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Underlying Return (Final). 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the redemption amount due or 
assets deliverable on the Maturity Date 
Final Barrier Level means:  
(A) 
where a single Final Barrier Level, "Reset Final Barrier Level" or "Latest 
Reset Final Barrier Level" is specified in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, whichever of, greater than, greater than (or equal to), less 
than or less than (or equal to), (i) the percentage level or, as applicable, the 
amount specified as such in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying 
or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if "Reset Final Barrier Level" is specified in 
respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of 
the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Reset Final Barrier Level in respect of such Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s), or (iii) if "Latest Reset Final Barrier Level" is specified in 
respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of 
the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level in respect of such Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s); or

--- Page 600 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
574
 
(B) 
where percentage levels are specified in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, in the applicable Issue Terms one as a Lower Final Barrier 
Level and one as an Upper Final Barrier Level, that the Final Barrier Level 
shall mean in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case 
may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, either (A) any level 
that is greater than (or equal to) such Lower Final Barrier Level and less 
than (or equal to) such Upper Final Barrier Level, or (B) any level that is 
greater than, or greater than or equal to, such Upper Final Barrier Level or 
less than, or less than or equal to, such Lower Final Barrier Level, as may 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
FBL Latest Preceding MER Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings: 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each 
case, in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier 
Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level"; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
FBL Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, 
in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest 
Reset MER Barrier Level", and (II) the FBL Performance Product Base 
Level of the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER 
Reference Level, in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER 
Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level", of the relevant 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s). 
FBL Performance Product Base Level  means, in respect of a Redemption 
Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, the level specified as such for the relevant Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s) in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
Redemption Initial Level of the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s). 
FBL Preceding MER Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings: 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, 
in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
FBL Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, in respect of 
the immediately preceding Mandatory Early Redemption Date, and (II) the

--- Page 601 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
575
 
FBL Performance Product Base Level of the relevant Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER Reference 
Level in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date of the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s). 
FBL Reset Floor Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying 
or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage 
level specified as such for the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date means the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an 
amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(FBL Reset Floor Level, FBL Latest Preceding MER Level) 
Reset Final Barrier Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying 
or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an amount 
determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(FBL Reset Floor Level,FBL Preceding MER Level) 
A "Redemption Barrier Event" will occur if: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event European Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing Level 
or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified to apply in respect of the Redemption Barrier 
Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing 
Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final 
Barrier Level on the Redemption Barrier Observation Date; 
(B) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final 
Performance of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Final Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American Observation – Closing 
Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying 
Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption 
Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying 
Closing Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on each Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date; 
(D) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-
Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the 
Redemption Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the 
Underlying Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on each Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date;

--- Page 602 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
576
 
(E) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level", the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if 
"Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels of the 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final Barrier Level 
on any Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(F) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the (i) Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect 
of the Redemption Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of 
the Underlying Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on any Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American Performance 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Final 
Performance or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption 
Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Final 
Performances of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) and each 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date, satisfy the relevant Final Barrier 
Level and, as the Final Performance shall be calculated in respect of each 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final Reference 
Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level 
for the relevant Redemption Underlying for the relevant 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date converted at the FX on such 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be to Final 
Performance for the relevant Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(H) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Target Redemption Barrier Event", in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent and in respect of the Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall 
on the Maturity Date: 
I. 
the sum of the aggregate Interest Amount(s) paid in respect of all 
of the Interest Payment Dates falling prior to such Interest Payment 
Date or such Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date; 
II. 
and, where "Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of 
the aggregate Non-Contingent Interest Amount(s) paid in respect 
of all of the Non-Contingent Interest Payment Dates falling prior to 
such Interest Payment Date or such Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date; and 
III. 
where: 
(a) 
"Include Any Interest Amount Due On Maturity Date" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and any Interest 
Amount due on such Interest Payment Date (and, where

--- Page 603 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
577
 
"Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any Non-
Contingent Interest Amount due on such Non-Contingent 
Interest Payment Date); or 
(b) 
where "Exclude Any Interest Amount Due On Maturity 
Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, but 
excluding any Interest Amount due on such Interest 
Payment Date and excluding any Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount due on such Non-Contingent Interest Payment 
Date, 
is equal to or greater than the Target Redemption Threshold Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(I) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Final Reference Level 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final 
Reference Level of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level. 
As used above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying Closing 
Level, Final Performance, Underlying Level or Final Reference Level, as 
the case may be, are in the case of (i) above in the definition of Final 
Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than 
(or equal to), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the 
relevant Redemption Barrier Event, the relevant Final Barrier Level; or in 
the case of (ii)(A) above in the definition of Final Barrier Level, are not 
less than the relevant Lower Final Barrier Level nor greater than the 
relevant Upper Final Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii)(B) above in the 
definition of Final Barrier Level, are greater than or greater than or equal 
to the Upper Final Barrier Level or less than or less than or equal to the 
Lower Final Barrier Level, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) means the Redemption Underlyings 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A Redemption Lower Barrier Event will occur if: 
(A) 
in respect of a Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date, where 
the Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Lower Barrier Event Final Performance FPU", 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final Performance of 
the Final Performance Underlyings in respect of such Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event Valuation Date is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal 
to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event), the Redemption Lower Barrier Percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, as the Final Performance shall be calculated 
in respect of each Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date: 
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final Reference 
Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level 
for the relevant Redemption Underlying for the relevant 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date converted at the 
relevant FX (if any) for such Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date";

--- Page 604 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
578
 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be to Final 
Performance for the relevant Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date;  
(B) 
in respect of a Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date, where 
the Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Lower Barrier Event Underlying Closing 
Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying 
Closing Level of the Redemption Lower Barrier Underlying(s) on the 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), 
less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event), the Redemption Lower Barrier Percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or  
(C) 
where the Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Gemini Event", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent: 
I. 
both (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has not 
occurred in respect of any Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, and (b) the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption 
Lower Barrier Underlying(s) on the Gemini Event Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) 
greater than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to 
(in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the Redemption Lower Barrier Event), the Redemption Lower 
Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or  
II. 
both (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has not 
occurred in respect of any Mandatory Early Redemption Date, and 
(b) the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Lower Barrier 
Underlying(s) on the Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation 
Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) 
greater than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to 
(in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the Redemption Lower Barrier Event), the Redemption Lower 
Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
means 
the 
Redemption 
Underlying(s), unless otherwise specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A Redemption Upper Barrier Event will occur in respect of a Specified 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date if: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Final Performance FPU", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlyings in respect of such Specified Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or 
equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event), the Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, as the Final Performance shall be calculated 
in respect of each Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date:

--- Page 605 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
579
 
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final Reference 
Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level 
for the relevant Redemption Underlying for the relevant 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date converted at the 
relevant FX (if any) for such Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be to Final 
Performance for the relevant Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
where the Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Underlying Closing Level", 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Redemption Upper Barrier Underlying(s) on the Specified 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), 
less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Upper Barrier Event), 
the Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
means 
the 
Redemption 
Underlying(s), unless otherwise specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Redemption Amount due or 
Entitlement deliverable in relation to Physical Settlement Securities 
Entitlement means, in relation to a Physical Settlement Security and where 
"Weighted Basket Observation" is not specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions only, the quantity of the Relevant Asset, which a 
Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable) (subject as provided herein) in respect of each Security (subject to 
payment of any Expenses as provided herein and rounded down as provided 
herein), as determined by the Calculation Agent, including any documents 
evidencing such Entitlement and, for such purpose, the quantity of the Relevant 
Asset shall be determined as an amount of the Final Performance Underlying or, 
if none, the Redemption Underlying (the Entitlement Underlying) determined 
by reference to the Calculation Amount (converted into the currency of the 
Entitlement Underlying where relevant by multiplying the Calculation Amount 
by the applicable FX for the Final Valuation Date or, where there is more than 
one Final Valuation Date, the FX shall be the arithmetic mean of the FX for each 
such Final Valuation Date) divided by the Entitlement Denominator of such 
Entitlement Underlying (and rounded to the number of decimal places specified 
as the Entitlement Calculation Rounding Convention in the applicable Issue 
Terms (with halves being rounded up)):  
Calculation Amount × FX of Entitlement Underlying
Entitlement Denominator
 
Equivalent Amount means, in relation to each Security, an amount equal to the 
sum for each of the Relevant Asset(s) comprising the Entitlement in respect of 
such Security of the product of (i) the Entitlement Ratio in relation to such 
Relevant Asset(s) comprising the Entitlement multiplied by (ii) the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Relevant Asset(s) on the relevant Valuation Date 
(converted into the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) on the terms set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms (the Entitlement Price).

--- Page 606 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
580
 
Entitlement Denominator means, in respect of the Entitlement Underlying, the 
level specified as such for the Entitlement Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying. 
Entitlement Ratio means, in respect of a Relevant Asset comprising the 
Entitlement, the number of shares or units or other measure of such Relevant 
Asset comprising the Entitlement. "Relevant Asset" means the Final 
Performance Underlying or, if none, the Redemption Underlying. 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Security, 
either  
(A) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Option and:  
I. 
neither an FPR nor a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s) (FPU), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU); or 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms)and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by FPR, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR; or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FX Performance; or 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a formula:

--- Page 607 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
581
 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR x FX Performance; or 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FPR plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed 
as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FX Performance + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VIII. an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FPR multiplied by the FX Performance plus the 
Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR x FX Performance + Redemption Adjustment 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (A)I to (A)VIII above, 
that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount 
is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum 
amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
and minimum amount (a collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in

--- Page 608 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
582
 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption is subject to such 
maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(B) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Option and:  
I. 
neither an FPR nor a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU); or 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the FPU) multiplied by the FPR, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR); or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance); or 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU) plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied by the 
FX Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX Performance); or

--- Page 609 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
583
 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FPR plus the Redemption Adjustment, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FX Performance plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VIII. an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied by FX 
Performance plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX Performance) + Redemption Adjustment; 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (B)I to (B)VIII above, 
that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount 
is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum 
amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
and minimum amount (a collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption is subject to such 
maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 610 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
584
 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(C) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Spread - Put Spread Option and:  
I. 
none of an FPR Call, a Global Participation Rate (GPR) or an FPR 
Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" 
(being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)) 
plus the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and 
the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
plus Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)), 
plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] + RedAdj  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
II. 
a GPR but neither a FPR Call or a FPR Put is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being the greater of the 
Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance 
of the Final Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread 
amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put 
Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)), all 
multiplied by the GPR, plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x GPR] 
+ RedAdj 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but none of a GPR, a FPR Call or an FPR Put is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread amount" (being 
the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)), all multiplied by the FX Performance, 
plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x FX 
Performance] + RedAdj 
IV. 
a GPR but no FPR Call or FPR Put is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the

--- Page 611 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
585
 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread amount" (being 
the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)), all multiplied by the GPR multiplied 
by the FX Performance, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
(RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x GPR x 
FX Performance] + RedAdj 
V. 
a FPR Call and a FPR Put but no GPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Call) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put), plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + 
FinalPerf)) x FPR Put]] + RedAdj 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VI. 
a GPR, a FPR Call and a FPR Put is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FRR Call) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put) all multiplied by the GPR, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + 
FinalPerf)) x FPR Put]] x GPR] + RedAdj 
VII. 
a FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a FPR Call and a FPR Put but no GPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Call) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put) all multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the 
Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final 
Perf)) x FPR Put]] x FX Performance] + RedAdj 
VIII. a GPR, a FPR Call and a FPR Put are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the

--- Page 612 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
586
 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FRR Call) the "put 
spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of 
the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put) all multiplied by the GPR and multiplied by the FX 
Performance, plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final 
Perf)) x FPR Put]] x GPR x FX Performance] + RedAdj 
(D) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Twin Win Option and:  
I. 
no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU), plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU]) + RedAdj 
II. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FPR, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
(RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FPR]) + RedAdj 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (a floor). 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the product 
of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance]) + RedAdj 
IV. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied by the FX Performance, plus 
the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX 
Performance]) + RedAdj 
(E) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Market Timer and:

--- Page 613 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
587
 
I. 
no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of 100% and 
the Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying (FPU) 
and the Market Timer Percentage, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
(RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (100% + Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) + RedAdj 
II. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of (x) 100% 
and (y) the product of (i) the Final Performance of the FPU and (ii) 
the FPR and (z) the Market Timer Percentage, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + FPR × Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) + RedAdj 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the product 
of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of (x) 100% and (y) 
the Final Performance of the FPU and (z) the Market Timer 
Percentage and (c) the FX Performance, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) × FX Performance+ RedAdj 
IV. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of (i) 100% 
and (ii) the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR 
and (iii) the Market Timer Percentage and (c) the FX Performance, 
plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% +FPR x Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) × FX Performance + RedAdj  
(F) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Call Sum: 
I. 
none of a FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount (CA) and the sum of (a) the Relevant Percentage and the 
Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU) 
and (b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final 
Performance of the FPU, expressed as a formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the CA and the 
sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final 
Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the 
Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of the FPU, 
expressed as a formula:

--- Page 614 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
588
 
CA × (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU)× FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU))  
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the 
Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of 
the FPU, all multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the 
Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of 
the FPU, plus or minus, as the case may be, the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj), expressed as a formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) + RedAdj 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the sum 
of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the 
FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor 
and the Final Performance of the FPU, all multiplied by the FX 
Perf, expressed as a formula: 
CA × (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) × FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) × FX Perf 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the sum 
of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the 
FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor 
and the Final Performance of the FPU, plus or minus, as the case 
may be, the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
CA × (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU )× FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) + RedAdj 
VII. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the 
Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of 
the FPU, all multiplied by the FX Performance and plus or minus, 
as the case may be, the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a 
formula: 
CA x ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU ) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf + RedAdj 
VIII. an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the CA and the 
sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final

--- Page 615 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
589
 
Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the 
Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of the FPU, plus or 
minus, as the case may be, the Redemption Adjustment, expressed 
as a formula: 
CA x (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor;Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf + RedAdj 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (F)I to (F)VIII above, 
that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount 
is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum 
amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
and minimum amount (a collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption is subject to such 
maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
minimum amount (a collar), 
(G) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Swaption, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined to be the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and 
(b) 100% less the product of (i) Final Participation Rate, (ii) the greater of 
(A) the Annuity Floor and (B) the Final Reference Level (FRL) of the 
Final Performance Underlying multiplied by the Annuity Factor and (iii) 
the Annuity, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x {100% 
− [FPR x Max (Annuity Floor, {AF x Final Reference Level of FPU}) x Annuity] 
if a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor). 
Where:

--- Page 616 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
590
 
Absolute Value or Abs means the positive percentage or decimal or numerical 
value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, without regard 
to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 19 per cent.). 
Annuity means, in respect of the Final Valuation Date, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined in respect of each year i (where i = 1 … t and t means 
the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms) in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑
1
(1 + Final Reference Level of FPU)𝑖
𝑡
𝑖=1
 
Annuity Factor or AF means the positive or negative amount specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Annuity Floor means the positive or negative percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Call Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
Call Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
FX Performance means, in respect of a Final Valuation Date an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
FX PerfFinal
FX PerfInitial 
where, 
FX Perf Final means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified Final Valuation Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date (or, if more than one such date 
is specified, the last occurring Specified Final Valuation Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,

--- Page 617 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
591
 
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 
divided by the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-
paragraph (b) (rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for 
the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX 
Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate 
or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final 
FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
FX Perf Initial means either an amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified Redemption Strike Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date (or, if more than one such date 
is specified, the last occurring Specified Redemption Strike Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate 
cannot be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 
divided by the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-
paragraph (b) (rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the

--- Page 618 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
592
 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for 
the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX 
Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate 
or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial 
FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf 
Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation Date" and "Initial FX 
Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of the Final 
Redemption Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Put Call Sum Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in 
respect of the Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Market Timer Redemption Initial Level means, in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying:  
(a) 
where the Market Timer Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) 
Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(b) 
where the Market Timer Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal 
lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Market

--- Page 619 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
593
 
Timer Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(c) 
a level specified as such for the Redemption Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Market Timer Percentage means an amount in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a 
percentage, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Redemption Initial Level − Market Timer Redemption Initial Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Market Timer Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Market 
Timer Percentage is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Market Timer Percentage and a 
Minimum Market Timer Percentage is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage is subject to 
such maximum percentage and a minimum percentage (a collar). 
Maximum Redemption Amount means the amount (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Minimum Redemption Amount means the amount (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Final Participation Rate or FPR means the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Participation Rate Call or FPR Call means the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Participation Rate Put or FPR Put means the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Min means the lesser of the two terms separated by a comma or, where 
such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Max means the greater (or equal greatest) of the two terms separated by a 
comma or, where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
FinalPerf means the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying. 
1.2 
Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if no Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, CMS Rate Securities, 
Inflation Rate Securities or Interim Performance Interest Securities and (except in relation to 
Fixed Rate Securities which are Range Accrual Securities), in respect of any Interest Payment 
Date, no Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Issuer will 
pay the relevant Interest Amount on such Interest Payment Date. 
1.3 
Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply

--- Page 620 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
594
 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, CMS Rate Securities, 
Inflation Rate Securities or Interim Performance Interest Securities and an Interest Barrier Event 
is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and, in respect of an Interest Payment Date: 
(a) 
an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, either (i) no amount or (ii) the Interest Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and/or this Valuation and Settlement Schedule in 
respect of interest will be paid on such Interest Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, the relevant Interest Amount, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and/or this Valuation and Settlement Schedule, will be paid 
on such Interest Payment Date.  
1.4 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount in relation to the Securities and Interest Amount in 
relation to Buy the Dip Securities 
(a) 
If the Non-Contingent Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Issuer will pay each Non-Contingent Interest Amount in respect of 
each Security on each Non-Contingent Interest Amount Payment Date. If Non-
Contingent Interest Provisions are not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then no Non-Contingent Interest Amount shall be due in respect of the Securities. 
(b) 
If the Securities are Buy the Dip Securities, then the Issuer will pay the relevant Interest 
Amount in respect of each Security on each Interest Payment Date. 
1.5 
Other Interest Amounts 
If the Underlying Linked Interest Provisions of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.5 are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the Issuer will pay the Interest 
Amount in respect of each Security on each Interest Payment Date. 
1.6 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount due on a Mandatory Early Redemption Date if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has occurred  
Where Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and if, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
where no Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Amount due where MER Upper Barrier Percentage is 
Not Applicable" in respect of each Security; or 
(b) 
where a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(i) 
a MER Upper Barrier Event has occurred, pay the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Security; or  
(ii) 
a MER Upper Barrier Event has not occurred, pay the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Security, 
provided that: 
(I) 
where "Early Exit MER Barrier Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event that has occurred is (or, as the 
case may be, includes) an Early Exit MER Barrier Event that has occurred, the Issuer 
shall pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the "Early Exit MER 
Amount" in respect of each Security instead of the amount specified in paragraph (a) or 
(b) above. For the avoidance of doubt, no amount specified in paragraph (a) or (b) above 
shall be payable; and/or

--- Page 621 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
595
 
(II) 
where a "Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall also pay, on the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in respect of which a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" in respect of each 
Security. 
1.7 
Redemption Amount or Entitlement deliverable on the Maturity Date 
(a) 
In respect of the Securities: 
(i) 
where: 
(A) 
(other than in respect of Buy the Dip Securities) Redemption Barrier Event 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall 
pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Redemption 
Amount (which, if so specified, shall be determined in accordance with 
the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions set out therein) 
in respect of each Security on the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
the Securities are specified to be Buy the Dip Securities in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Redemption Amount (which shall be 
determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 
(Buy the Dip Securities)) in respect of each Security on the Maturity Date; 
or 
(ii) 
where (other than in respect of Buy the Dip Securities) Redemption Barrier Event 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall: 
I. 
where no Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, pay the amount specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the "Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and no Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event is specified" in respect of each Security; or 
II. 
where a Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
a Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Physical Settlement Securities if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred, 
deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; 
OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Upper Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred" in respect 
of each Security; or  
(b) 
a Redemption Upper Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Issuer shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Physical Settlement Securities if a

--- Page 622 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
596
 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has not occurred, 
deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; 
OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Lower Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred" in respect 
of each Security; or 
(B) 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall: 
I. 
where no Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall either: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be Physical Settlement Securities if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred and no Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event is specified, deliver the Entitlement in respect 
of each Security; OR 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the "Redemption 
Amount due where a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and no Redemption Lower Barrier Event is 
specified" in respect of each Security; or 
II. 
where a Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
a Redemption Lower Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Physical Settlement Securities if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has occurred, 
deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; 
OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Lower Barrier Event Redemption Amount due 
where a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred" in 
respect of each Security; or  
(b) 
a Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Issuer shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Physical Settlement Securities if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not occurred, 
deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; 
OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the

--- Page 623 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
597
 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Non Lower Barrier Event Redemption Amount due 
where a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred" in 
respect of each Security. 
(b) 
In the case of Exempt Securities only, where "Other Redemption Amount/Entitlement" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 1.7(a) shall not apply and the Redemption Amount and/or Entitlement payable or 
deliverable in respect of the Securities shall be as set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7(b) where the Securities are 
Physical Settlement Securities: 
Entitlement means the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may 
be, which a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable) in respect of each Security following payment of any Expenses as provided in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and rounded to the number of decimal places specified as the 
Entitlement Calculation Rounding Convention in the applicable Pricing Supplement (with 
halves being rounded up), including any documents evidencing such Entitlement. 
Relevant Asset means the asset(s) specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
2. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions 
(a) 
The provisions applicable to valuing each Underlying, to making any adjustment to Valuation 
Dates or to making any other adjustment following Adjustment Events or to determining any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event or Early Redemption Event are specified in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 and in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying, as completed by the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, as completed, 
modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(b) 
Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level on a Valuation Date 
The Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as applicable) of an Underlying on a 
Valuation Date shall be determined as specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to one Underlying. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, unless 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) 
below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to 
Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to 
the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all of the Underlyings,

--- Page 624 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
598
 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for any of the 
Underlyings, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Levels)) below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions relating 
to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation Date 
is a Scheduled Trading Day shall be such Specified Valuation Date, unless in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) (as applicable) or, as the case may be, 
the provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set 
out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall 
apply; and 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation Date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the first succeeding day immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for 
such affected Underlying, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day 
is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, in which case Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) below (as 
applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to 
Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2(c) above and/or, as the case may be, the provisions of the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s)) shall be adjusted in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to one Underlying, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date for such Underlying is a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day 
and which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying; and (II) the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then such 
Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day immediately following 
such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all the Underlyings

--- Page 625 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
599
 
and which is not a Disrupted Day for all of the Underlyings; and (II) the Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled 
Trading Days for all the Underlyings immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be such Specified Valuation Date; 
and 
(B) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, then the 
Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be the earlier of: (1) the first succeeding 
day immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying and which is not a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying; and (2) the Scheduled Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll 
number of Scheduled Trading Days for such Underlying immediately following 
such Specified Valuation Date. 
(iv) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying determined as provided above would otherwise 
fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day (the Cut-off Valuation 
Date) for such Underlying prior to the date on which a relevant payment or delivery, as 
applicable, is scheduled to be made under the Securities, such Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that such date is a Disrupted 
Day for such Underlying) and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(e)(ii) below shall apply in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels) 
(i) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Condition 
2(d) above) is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying on such Valuation Date 
using its good faith estimate of the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the 
Valuation Time (where relevant) on or for such day. 
(ii) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Condition 
2(d)(iv) above) is determined to occur on the Cut-off Valuation Date for such 
Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to 
such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level 
of such Underlying on such Cut-off Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the Valuation Time (where relevant) on 
or for such day. 
(f) 
Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Underlying Level of an Underlying cannot be 
determined at any time on any Valuation Date by reason of the occurrence of an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Level at such time on such day shall be disregarded 
for the purposes of determining any amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities. 
(g) 
Adjustment Events 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent any Adjustment Event occurs, then (subject to 
the provisions of the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent 
shall (i) make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines

--- Page 626 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
600
 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event subject to the 
provisions (if any) of such Underlying Schedule and (ii) determine the effective date of each 
such adjustment. 
Any adjustment pursuant to the above may include a "monetisation" of the Securities. Where 
the Securities are monetised, (i) the Calculation Agent will determine the value in the Specified 
Currency (the Monetised Amount) of the bond component and the embedded derivative(s) 
comprising the Securities on a date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Monetisation 
Valuation Date), (ii) any future amounts in respect of interest (if any) and the final Redemption 
Amount will no longer be payable and (iii) the Securities will instead pay on the Maturity Date 
an amount equal to (a) the Monetised Amount plus (b) interest accrued on such amount at the 
overnight rate relating to the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency Securities, 
the Denomination Currency) selected by the Calculation Agent which shall accrue during the 
period from (and including) the Monetisation Valuation Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date. 
If an "Increased Cost of Hedging" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and occurs, 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to pass on to Securityholders the relevant increased cost of hedging, 
which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing any of the amounts which would 
otherwise be payable under the Securities or reducing the number of any Relevant Assets which 
would otherwise be deliverable under the Securities. 
If so specified in the relevant Underlying Schedule, any adjustment(s) made by the Calculation 
Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a substitution of the relevant Underlying 
or other asset as specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to the relevant Underlying and 
the Calculation Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it 
deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Events 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Early Redemption Event occurs in respect 
of an Underlying or the Securities (as relevant), then (subject to the provisions of the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying) all (but not some only) of the Securities will or, in the 
case of a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event, may be redeemed on a day selected by 
the Issuer, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
(i) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Events and Mandatory Early Redemption Events 
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) occurs, then all (but not some only) of the Securities will be redeemed, each Security 
being redeemed by payment of an amount determined in accordance with Condition 1 above 
and the applicable Issue Terms on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
In the case of Exempt Securities only, if "Mandatory Early Redemption Event" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement and a Mandatory Early Redemption Event (as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) occurs, then all (but not some only) of the 
Securities will be redeemed, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount(s) and Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) shall be as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(j) 
Realisation Disruption 
If "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Realisation Disruption Event occurs, then the Issuer may either (i) direct the Calculation Agent 
to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the Securities (including any 
payment or delivery obligations) as it determines appropriate in order to reflect the economic

--- Page 627 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
601
 
effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (ii) redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (I) payments 
under the Securities being made in the currency (the Local Currency) in which the Hedging 
Positions are denominated or payable rather than the Specified Currency, (II) deduction of an 
amount equal to the applicable tax, charge or deduction from the relevant payment otherwise 
due under the relevant Securities or delivery of any Entitlement being subject to payment by the 
relevant Securityholder of an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any such tax, charge or 
deduction, (III) non-payment of the relevant payment or non-delivery of the relevant 
Entitlement otherwise due under the relevant Securities until the relevant restrictions (including 
but not limited to all exchange and/or conversion and/or cross-border transfer restrictions) are 
lifted and/or (IV) determination of any relevant exchange rate by the Calculation Agent taking 
into consideration all available information that it deems relevant and/or (V) (where legally 
permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect of the Securities, procuring physical 
delivery of any Underlying(s), delivered in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders by the Issuer (or vice versa) PROVIDED THAT such Underlying(s) may be 
subject to transfer restrictions and additional certifications may be required from the 
Securityholders. Any such adjustments will be effective as of the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(k) 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
If "Underlying RMB Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and an Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs, then the Calculation Agent may direct the 
Issuer to: 
(i) 
postpone the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the 
Securities to the 10th Business Day following the date on which the Underlying RMB 
Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist (such date of payment by 
the Issuer, the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date); or 
(ii) 
pay any amount that is due to be paid in RMB under the terms of the Securities in the 
RMB Relevant Currency instead converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant 
RMB Determination Date. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the Securities on a day selected 
by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to its Early 
Redemption Amount and the Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as 
reasonably practicable in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices). 
(l) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an Underlying for any time on 
any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person or entity responsible for 
such publication or announcement and which is used for any calculation or determination made 
in respect of the Securities is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the Corrected Level) 
is published by or on behalf of such person or entity within the relevant Correction Period after 
the original publication (and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant date on which a 
payment or delivery is scheduled to be made under the Securities) (the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date), then such Corrected Level shall be deemed to be the level, price, rate or value 
for the relevant Underlying for the relevant time on the relevant day and the Calculation Agent 
shall use such Corrected Level in determining any amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities. 
Corrections published after the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
any such amounts payable and/or deliverable under the Securities. 
(m) 
Notifications

--- Page 628 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
602
 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and each Paying Agent of any determination made 
by it in accordance with this Condition and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any 
such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 18. Failure by the Calculation 
Agent to notify the Issuer or any Paying Agent or failure by the Issuer to notify the 
Securityholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(n) 
Definitions 
Additional Adjustment Event means, in each case if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying, each event (if any) specified as such in the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Additional Early Redemption Event means, in each case if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying or the Securities (as the case may be), each 
event (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and in the Underlying Schedule 
applicable to such Underlying or, the occurrence at any time of a Section 871(m) Event or if 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event. 
Adjustment Event means, in each case if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in respect of an Underlying, the occurrence at any time of a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging or the occurrence at any time of any Additional 
Adjustment Event applicable to such Underlying. 
Change in Law means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that (a) due to 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, rule, order, directive or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation, (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Illegality" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms, holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedging Position becomes or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part, and such unlawfulness, 
illegality or prohibition cannot be cured or avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) and/or 
the Counterparty (if any) taking all commercially reasonable measures available to it 
(including that any such measures will not result in the Issuer (or its agents) and/or the 
Counterparty (if any) incurring a material loss); or  
(ii) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Material Increased Cost" is specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer and/or the Counterparty (if any) will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Securities (including 
without limitation due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on the tax position of any relevant Hedging Party) which cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) and/or the Counterparty (if any) taking reasonable 
measures available to it (as determined by the Issuer) and for which it (or its agents) will 
not suffer a material loss.  
Correction Period shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Early Redemption Event means, in respect of an Underlying or the Securities (as the case may 
be), (i) if, Early Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to the relevant Adjustment Event, following the occurrence of an Adjustment Event in 
respect of such Underlying, the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution 
can reasonably be made under this Condition to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event, 
or (ii) if specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence at any time of any 
Additional Early Redemption Event applicable to such Underlying or the Securities (as the case 
may be) or (iii) following the occurrence of a Rating Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made under Valuation and

--- Page 629 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
603
 
Settlement Condition 2(g) (Adjustment Events) above to account for the effect of such Rating 
Adjustment Event. 
Electronic Page means, in respect of an Underlying and (if applicable) any component of such 
Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying Schedule), the electronic page or 
source specified for such Underlying or such component, as the case may be, in the applicable 
Issue Terms, or either (i) any successor electronic page or source or information vendor or 
provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or (ii) 
if such sponsor has not officially designated a successor electronic page or source or information 
vendor or provider, the successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider 
designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from such sponsor) or 
any alternative electronic page or source designated by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED 
THAT if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation Agent determines that it is not necessary or 
appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any such successor electronic page or source or 
information vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be either the originally designated 
electronic page or source or such other electronic page or source as selected by the Calculation 
Agent. Where more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an Underlying and/or (if 
applicable) any component of such Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying 
Schedule), then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed accordingly and (i) 
if there is any discrepancy between any relevant price or level displayed on the relevant 
Electronic Pages for any Valuation Date, the relevant price or level selected by the Calculation 
Agent shall be used for such Valuation Date; and (ii) if any relevant price or level is not 
published on all of such Electronic Pages but is published on one or more of such Electronic 
Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use such published price or level for the purpose of 
determining any calculation or determination in respect of the Securities and no Disrupted Day 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic 
Page(s). 
Hedging Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that any 
Hedging Party is unable or would be unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to (i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge or be able to hedge the price risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the Securities and/or any Counterparty 
hedging its obligations under the relevant Charged Agreement; or (ii) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event means, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any action, or any announcement of the intention to take any such 
action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the amendment, elimination, 
reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any regulatory, self-regulatory, 
legislative or judicial authority with competent jurisdiction (including, without limitation, as 
implemented by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) or any 
exchange or trading facility acting pursuant to CFTC authority) that (i) affects the definition of 
"bona fide hedging" as that term is used in CFTC regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the Commodity Exchange Act) (as at 
the Trade Date 17 CFR 150.3) or that withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any 
"hedge exemptions" previously granted by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility 
acting under authority granted pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act, or affects or otherwise 
amends such other applicable laws of any jurisdiction which has an analogous effect to any of 
the events specified in this sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) increases the cost of the performance of the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities or the cost of acquiring, establishing, re-
establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations under the Securities and/or any Counterparty hedging its obligations 
under the relevant Charged Agreement, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in each 
case occurring after the Trade Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Hedging Party means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended 
to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Securities, which party may be the 
Issuer, the Counterparty (if any) and/or any of their Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 630 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
604
 
Hedging Position means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in 
securities, futures contracts, options contracts, cross currency derivatives contracts, interest rate 
derivative contracts, asset swap derivative contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign 
exchange; (ii) stock loan transactions, securities transactions or loan transactions; (iii) other 
instruments or arrangements (however described) entered into by a Hedging Party in order to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Securities and/or any Counterparty 
obligations under the applicable Charged Agreement; or (iv) positions or contracts in one or 
more credit derivatives contracts which may be in combination with any of paragraphs (i) or 
(iii) above.  
Increased Cost of Hedging means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that 
any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing 
on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to 
(i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations under the Securities and/or any Counterparty hedging its 
obligations under the relevant Charged Agreement; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of any Hedging Party shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
PRC means the People's Republic of China excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
Rating Adjustment Event means, in respect of Securities which are rated by a rating agency, 
a Change in Law and each of: (i) in the case of an Underlying which is a Security Index, the 
Additional Adjustment Event set out in Security Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment 
Events) of the Security Index Conditions; (ii) in the case of an Underlying which is a Depositary 
Receipt, an Underlying Share Event as set out in Depositary Receipt Condition 4(g) (Underlying 
Share Event); and (iii) in the case of an Underlying which is a Commodity Index, the Additional 
Adjustment Events set out in Commodity Index Conditions 4(a) (Additional Adjustment Events) 
and 4(c) (Additional Adjustment Events) of the Commodity Index Conditions.  
Realisation Disruption Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been imposed by 
any applicable governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory body on any dealing by any 
Hedging Party in any Hedging Positions held by any Hedging Party such that:  
(A) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from continuing to 
purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any Hedging Positions (or to enter into, 
continue or otherwise complete such transactions) and/or is or would be 
materially restricted from exercising its rights, or performing its obligations in 
respect of any Hedging Positions;  
(B) 
the Issuer and/or a Counterparty is materially restricted from performing its 
obligations under the Securities or the applicable Charged Agreement and/or any 
Hedging Party is materially restricted from performing its obligations under any 
Hedging Positions; or  
(C) 
the Issuer and/or a Counterparty will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations under the Securities or the applicable Charged 
Agreement and/or any Hedging Party will (or is likely to) incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under any Hedging Positions; or 
(ii) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation either any 
restrictions or any charges or deductions imposed by any applicable governmental, 
judicial or regulatory body):

--- Page 631 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
605
 
(A) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) exchange or convert 
the Local Currency for any Specified Currency or any Specified Currency for the 
Local Currency through the customary legal channels and/or (ii) deliver any 
Specified Currency or the Local Currency and/or (iii) transfer the proceeds of the 
Hedging Positions (or any transaction relating to a Hedging Position) (A) 
between, accounts in the jurisdiction of the Local Currency (the Local 
Jurisdiction) and any accounts in the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency or 
(B) to or from a party that is a non-resident of the Local Jurisdiction and/or to a 
party that is a resident of the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency; and/or 
(B) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from transferring 
amounts payable under any Hedging Position or in respect of the Securities 
between (i) the Local Jurisdiction and the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party and/or 
(ii) the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency and the jurisdiction of a Hedging 
Party; and/or 
(C) 
such that the Calculation Agent's ability to determine a rate at which the Local 
Currency can be exchanged for any Specified Currency (or vice versa), for any 
reason becomes restricted, or such determination is otherwise impracticable or 
such rate is subject to material charges or deductions. 
The above provisions refer to "materially restricted", "materially increased" and "material" and 
any determination in respect of "materially" or "material" in respect of any such provision shall 
be made by the Calculation Agent which shall have regard to such circumstances as it deems 
appropriate. 
Relevant Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the jurisdiction where the RMB 
Settlement Currency is the lawful currency; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) 
or (c) of this definition. 
Renminbi or RMB means the currency of the PRC. 
RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date has the meaning given to that term in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(k) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event). 
RMB Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and the principal financial centre of the country of the RMB 
Relevant Currency. 
RMB Determination Date means the day which is two RMB Determination Business Days 
before the date of the relevant payment under the Securities. 
RMB Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 632 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
606
 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page means the screen page specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or any successor screen page or information provider thereto as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
RMB Settlement Centre means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong 
Kong. 
RMB Spot Rate means the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the 
RMB Relevant Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two RMB Determination Business 
Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around the RMB Relevant Currency 
Valuation Time on the RMB Determination Date by reference to the RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking 
into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, 
including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the CNY/Relevant Currency exchange 
rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. All notifications, opinions, determinations, 
certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of this definition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Securityholders. 
Section 871(m) Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any Counterparty and/or, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
"Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, in each case, any Hedging Party is (or, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable likelihood that, within the next 
30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or any Counterparty and/or, save where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, in each case, any 
Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the Code with respect to the Securities and/or any applicable Charged 
Agreement and/or, in each case, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 
871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, any Hedging Positions.  
Specified Valuation Date means each date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be a Specified 
Valuation Date or as specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Issue Date. 
Underlying means each underlying reference factor specified as such and classified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Closing Level shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Underlying Level shall, in respect of an Underlying and if applicable, have the meaning given 
to it in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Underlying RMB Currency Event means the occurrence of any of (i) Underlying RMB 
Illiquidity; (ii) Underlying RMB Inconvertibility and (iii) Underlying RMB Non-
Transferability. 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity means the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby (i) 
the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without 
limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer [and/or 
the Counterparty (if any)] cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations 
under the Securities [and/or or the applicable Charged Agreement] (or if applicable, any party 
to a Hedging Position cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations 
under such Hedging Positions); or (ii) it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer [and/or 
any Counterparty (if any)] (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm

--- Page 633 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
607
 
quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer (or, if applicable, any 
party to a Hedging Position) to convert any amount as may be required to be paid by the relevant 
party on any payment date in respect of the Securities or any Counterparty (if any) or (if 
applicable) any Hedging Position) into RMB, other than where such impossibility, 
impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of their 
affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an 
event beyond the control of the relevant party and/or their affiliates, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation). 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or any Counterparty (if any) (or if applicable, 
any party to a Hedging Position) and/or any of their affiliates to deliver RMB between accounts 
inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside such RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where 
the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) to an account inside such RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or 
any of their affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Relevant 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of their 
affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, 
as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Underlying Schedule means, in respect of an Underlying, the schedule that is specified to be 
applicable to such Underlying as a result of the classification of such Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying 
Schedule. 
Valuation Date means each Specified Valuation Date, as adjusted in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(f) above and/or, as applicable, the relevant Underlying Schedule. 
Valuation Roll means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no 
number is so specified, eight. 
Valuation Time shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
3. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, in the event an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: 
(i) 
the Relevant Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities and/or 
any Charged Agreement relating to the Series as the Relevant Agent determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance 
and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments 
and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) 
in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Securities and (c) include selecting a successor 
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the terms of the Securities and/or any

--- Page 634 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
608
 
Charged Agreement relating to the Series, and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms and at its option) redeem the 
Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Security shall be redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. 
Provided that the Relevant Agent has fully determined any adjustment(s) as provided above to 
the terms of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series, the Relevant 
Agent shall notify the Issuer and any relevant Counterparty (as the case may be) of such 
determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest relevant 
effective date. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof or of any election to redeem 
the Securities as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 
18 (Notices). Failure by the Relevant Agent to notify the Issuer and any relevant Counterparty 
(as the case may be) or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of any such 
determination or election will not affect the validity of any such determination or election. 
For the purposes of the above: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means the Relevant Agent determines that (1) a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur, or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that the Issuer, any Counterparty or the Relevant Agent or any other 
entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities and/or Charged 
Agreement relating to the Series, or (3) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of 
the relevant Benchmark in connection with the Securities and/or Charged Agreement relating 
to the Series as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining 
or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, any 
Counterparty, the Relevant Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order 
to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and/or Charged Agreement relating 
to the Series and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked 
or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence), or (4) there has 
been an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of a 
relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying 
market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure.  
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Securities and/or Charged Agreement relating to the Series, or the value of the Securities and/or 
any Charged Agreement relating to the Series, is determined by reference in whole or in part to 
such figure or rate, all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect 
of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series.

--- Page 635 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
609
 
4. 
Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and Spread Rate Interest Amounts and Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Provisions 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
(a) 
If the Securities are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the applicable Issue Terms 
and Accrual is specified as "Not Applicable" in the Issue Terms, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Issuer will pay the Interest Amount specified for the relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the Specified Currency. For which purpose, the "Interest Amount" will be the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, where more than one amount is so 
specified, the amount specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. The 
Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
If the Securities are Notes and are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the applicable 
Issue Terms and Accrual is specified to be "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, then each 
such Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Interest will be payable in 
arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
date will amount to the Interest Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related Interest 
Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the relevant 
Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered 
Security Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount or number of the 
Fixed Rate Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(II) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. The Interest Amount 
or Broken Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(c) 
If the Securities are Certificates and are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms and Accrual is specified to be "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, 
then each such Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest

--- Page 636 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
610
 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Interest will 
be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
date will amount to the Interest Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related Interest 
Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by multiplying the relevant 
Interest Rate by: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered 
Security Certificate, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in respect of the 
total number of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security 
Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(II) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. The Interest Amount or Broken Amount payable in 
respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier Event 
is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities 
Each Floating Rate Security which is a Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest will be payable in arrears on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such interest 
will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
In respect of each Floating Rate Security which is a Certificate, interest shall be calculated in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and 
payable on the Interest Payment Date(s) falling on or around the end of the relevant Interest 
Period in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms).  
The interest (if any) payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier 
Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period or a relevant day (such day, a Relevant Day) will be the Screen Rate for 
such Interest Period or Relevant Day, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any) in relation to such Screen Rate, and multiplied by the relevant 
Interest Participation Rate (if any).

--- Page 637 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
611
 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a), the Screen Rate for 
any Interest Period or any Relevant Day will, subject as provided below, be: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(iii) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, all as 
determined by the Relevant Agent. If five or more offered quotations are available on 
the Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Relevant Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided below) of such offered quotations. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, if the Page is not available 
or if, in the case of (i), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii), fewer than 
three offered quotations appear or, in the case of (iii) the Reference Rate does not appear 
on the Page and/or the Reference Rate is not provided or published by the relevant 
administrator and/or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the Reference 
Rate is not provided or published, in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. 
Sydney time in the case of BBSW, the Screen Rate shall be determined by the Relevant 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such 
sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) (the SRD Fallback Provisions). For the avoidance of 
doubt and without limitation, the Relevant Agent may determine the relevant Screen Rate 
by reference to one of the following: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) 
published on the relevant Interest Determination Date on a different screen page 
by another authorised distributor of the relevant rate; 
(B) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Reference Rate 
or the supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened 
by any such entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the 
administrator thereof; or 
(C) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last 
provided or published by the relevant administrator; or 
(D) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Relevant Agent on a date determined by the Relevant Agent for a representative 
amount (and, where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market) and, if applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, 
calculated in the manner determined by the Relevant Agent. 
In the event that the administrator of a relevant Reference Rate amends the methodology 
of such Reference Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of 
publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to 
make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) (including, without limitation, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of 
Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Relevant Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Relevant 
Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively

--- Page 638 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
612
 
feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, 
in such other manner as the Relevant Agent determines is reasonably necessary).  
In the event that the Screen Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the 
Corrected Rate) is published after the original publication but no later than the longer 
of (a) one hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for corrections 
specified by a relevant administrator in its methodology for the relevant Reference Rate, 
then provided that such Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two 
Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Securities (the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date)), then such Corrected 
Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Screen Rate and the Relevant Agent shall use 
such Corrected Rate in determining any relevant amount payable in respect of the 
Securities. Any corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Screen Rate. 
If the Screen Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such Screen 
Rate so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior to the date 
on which any relevant amount is to be determined. 
The Calculation Agent and Determination Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer or 
to any third party as a result of the Relevant Agent having acted on any quotation given 
by any reference bank.  
(b) 
ISDA Determination 
(i) 
ISDA Rate 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period or 
Relevant Day will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if 
any).  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), "ISDA Rate" for 
any Interest Period means the rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction (a Swap Transaction 
or a Transaction) if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions, as defined below) (the ISDA Calculation Agent) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT  
(A) 
if the 2006 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the 2006 Definitions read with the above provisions and prior to 
the application of any provisions relating to an index cessation event (howsoever 
described) or other permanent cessation fallback provisions in the 2006 
Definitions (including where applicable such fallbacks set out in any supplement 
to the 2006 Definitions and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Discontinued Rates 
Maturities provisions)) then, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 8 and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the

--- Page 639 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
613
 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market); or 
(B) 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the 2021 Definitions read with the above provisions but prior to 
the application of any provisions relating to permanent cessation or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), terms used for the 
purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall 
have the meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions, and the date 
on which any ISDA Rate is to be determined shall be an Interest Determination Date. 
References in the 2006 Definitions to: 
 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the 
relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, 
financial centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the relevant Interest Commencement Date; 
 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period End 
Date; 
 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Day Count Fraction; 
 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment Date; 
and 
 
the "Termination Date" shall be to the last occurring relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
References in the 2021 Definitions to:  
 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the 
relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, 
financial centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the relevant Interest Commencement Date;  
 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period End 
Date, PROVIDED THAT where the Business Day Convention applicable to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date is "Floating Rate Convention", "Modified 
Following Business Day Convention" or "Preceding Business Day Convention" 
and "Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday" 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, where that Interest 
Period End Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a

--- Page 640 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
614
 
result of an Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Day Count Fraction;  
 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment Date, 
PROVIDED THAT where "Payment Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Business Day Convention applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date is 
"Floating Rate Convention", "Modified Following Business Day Convention" 
or "Preceding Business Day Convention", where that Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first following day that 
is a Business Day and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
where any other payment date (a Related Payment Date) is scheduled to fall on 
the same day, that Related Payment Date shall also be adjusted accordingly, all 
subject as provided in General Condition 10; and 
 
the "Termination Date" shall be to the last occurring relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions:  
(a) 
the provisions of General Condition 15(c) (subject as provided in General 
Condition15(d)) shall apply in relation to determinations made by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) and any such 
provision in the relevant ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded. In addition, all 
calculations and determinations made in respect of the Securities by the 
Calculation Agent under the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) 
be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders;  
(b) 
any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the ISDA Calculation Agent: (i) 
to give notice of a determination made by it to any other party will be deemed to 
be a requirement for the Calculation Agent to provide an equivalent notice to the 
Issuer; and (ii) to consult with the other party or the parties will be deemed to be 
a requirement for the Calculation Agent to consult with the Issuer. Any such 
notice or consultation may be given or carried out orally or in writing (including 
by electronic mail or communications). In addition the right of any party under 
the ISDA Definitions to require the ISDA Calculation Agent to take any action or 
fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to 
require this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no Securityholder will 
have any right to require the Issuer to do this or to direct the Calculation Agent in 
this regard; 
(c) 
where the ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the relevant 
transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach agreement 
and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed to apply; 
(d) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other 
day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the ISDA Definitions is less than 
two Business Days prior to the relevant date originally scheduled for payment, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that such date for payment and/or any 
Related Payment Date be delayed to a date falling not more than two Business 
Days after the relevant Fixing Day or relevant other day and Securityholders shall 
not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of any such 
delay; and 
(e) 
in respect of the 2021 Definitions only, in the event that the Correction Time 
Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than two Business Days prior to the 
relevant date for payment, any corrections published after the second Business

--- Page 641 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
615
 
Day prior to the relevant date for payment shall be disregarded for the purposes 
of determining the relevant ISDA Rate. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate 
applies pursuant to the ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction thereunder 
then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to (i) if it 
would not otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA Rate in 
accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such any adjustment, 
fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by reference to the hedging 
arrangements for the relevant Securities) in determining of the relevant ISDA Rate and 
(ii) make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided 
for in this Condition (including without limitation any technical, administrative or 
operational changes, changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of 
Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate 
market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), ISDA Definitions 
means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
or any successor thereto (ISDA), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Securities (the 2006 Definitions), or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix, in each case, published by ISDA as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities (the 2021 Definitions), provided in each 
case that if the Calculation Agent determines this is appropriate by reference to the 
hedging arrangements for the relevant series of Securities, ISDA Definitions will mean 
any successor definitional booklet to or version of the 2006 Definitions or 2021 
Definitions as applicable, each as supplemented or amended from time to time for 
interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination 
under this Condition and the Calculation Agent may make such conforming changes to 
the Conditions as are necessary or appropriate to reflect the terms of the relevant 
successor definitional booklet or version. 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the ISDA Definitions shall 
apply to an ISDA Rate where "ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. If such provisions apply, the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(j) shall not apply to the relevant ISDA Rate.  
(iii) 
Payments in respect of interest on early redemption 
In circumstances where an Early Redemption Amount becomes payable in respect of any 
interest bearing Securities in accordance with the Conditions on a date other than an 
Interest Period End Date and separate amounts in respect of accrued interest are specified 
to be payable on early redemption, the Issuer shall pay, in lieu of any such separate 
amounts of interest, an amount on account of the unpaid interest element of the Securities 
being early redeemed (the Early Redemption Interest Amount) in addition to the 
relevant Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
where the Interest Rate and/or Interest Amount applicable to the Interest Payment 
Date falling immediately after the date of early redemption can be determined 
prior to the relevant date of early redemption, the Early Redemption Interest 
Amount shall be calculated as the amount of accrued but unpaid interest payable

--- Page 642 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
616
 
in respect of each Calculation Amount determined on the basis of the Conditions, 
adjusted only so that the due date for early redemption is deemed to be the final 
Interest Payment Date, and applying the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate, taking into account the period elapsed since the previous Interest 
Period End Date or (if none) the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
in all other cases, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be calculated as an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as reflecting the fair market value 
of the unpaid interest element of the relevant Calculation Amount (if any) less 
(except in the case of any early redemption pursuant to General Condition 13) the 
proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Securities 
(including, without limitation, any options relating to any Underlying hedging the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities) and, for the purposes of determining the 
fair market value of such Calculation Amount for the purposes of General 
Condition 13, no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer 
which, in each case, shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its obligations 
in respect of the Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such Early Redemption Interest Amount which is 
contingent upon any event shall be payable in respect of the Securities, unless all the 
relevant events have been satisfied. 
(c) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination  
(i) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be the Compounded Daily SONIA (the SONIA Floating Rate) 
as determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(i), "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards, or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention in the derivatives market): 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−5𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of any London Banking Day. 
The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a London Banking Day will be taken by

--- Page 643 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
617
 
applying the SONIA rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
d means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period. 
d0 means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period. 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
ni for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day. 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling five London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Securities become due and payable). 
SONIAi, means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period and subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(k) (Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices), a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate 
(the SONIA rate) for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page 
or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day). 
SONIAi-5LBD in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest 
Period, means a reference rate equal to the SONIA rate for the London Banking

--- Page 644 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
618
 
Day falling five London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i" as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day 
immediately following the London Banking Day falling five London Banking 
Days prior to such London Banking Day "i").  
∏
⬚
𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example,  
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 1]. 
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and the Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the 
screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other 
information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant determination 
dates specified below (subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(k) 
(Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices), the SONIA Compounded 
Index) and the following formula (the SONIA Index Floating Rate). Such Interest Rate 
will be plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SONIA =  
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × (365
𝑑) 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
"x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is determined;  
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
x denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and 
y denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the Final Interest Period End Date of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, and save where Index 
Determination applies, the following provisions (the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback 
Provisions) will apply if, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors. In such circumstances, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: (i)(A) the Bank of 
Englandꞌs Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on such day; plus 
(B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if

--- Page 645 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
619
 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate, 
or (ii) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
such day, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that 
is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA rate for 
the purpose of the Securities for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors.  
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, and where Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following provisions (the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions) will apply if in respect 
of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has not been 
provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available. In these 
circumstances, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard 
to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market).  
(iv) 
Amendments to SONIA Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of SONIA amends the methodology of SONIA 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant 
rate), the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or 
consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition 
(including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, 
changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest) 
that the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
(d) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(i) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR (the SOFR Floating Rate), as 
determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one-hundred thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention in the derivatives market:

--- Page 646 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
620
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR 
Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where "SOFR Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
d0 means, (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" 
is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period or (where "SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or 
"SOFR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or (where "SOFR Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the SOFR Observation Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1");  
Observation Look-Back Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
p means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
Relevant SOFR Level means: 
(a) 
where "SOFR OIS Compounding" is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for 
such day, Provided That, for the purposes of calculating the SOFR Floating Rate 
for the final Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR Reference Rate for such 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date; or 
(b) 
where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR 
Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; or 
(c) 
where "SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S.

--- Page 647 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
621
 
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day; 
SOFR Observation Period means in respect of each Interest Period, the period from 
and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Final Interest Period End Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period;  
SOFR Reference Rate, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(USBDx) and subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(k) 
(Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices), is a reference rate equal to the 
daily secured overnight financing (SOFR) rate for such USBDx as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any successor 
administrator for the publication of such rate (the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website) (in each case, on or about 8:00 a.m., New York City time, on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such USBDx) or if the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of 
the relevant administrator PROVIDED THAT, where a Daily Capped Rate and/or a 
Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest 
Period, such SOFR Reference Rate shall the lesser of such rate and the relevant Daily 
Capped Rate and/or the greater of such rate and the relevant Daily Floored Rate, as 
applicable; and; 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date means the day that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination  
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and Index Determination is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the 
following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention in the derivatives market. Such Interest Rate will be plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR =  
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where: 
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is 
determined; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day and 
subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(k) (Corrections in respect 
of compounded rates and indices), the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor 
administrator of such index) as such index appears on the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the

--- Page 648 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
622
 
website of any successor administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New 
York City time; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant Final Interest Period 
End Date; 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USBD means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(iii) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, the following provisions 
(the SOFR Fallback Provisions) will apply if in respect of any relevant determination 
date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, has not been provided or published by 
or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised 
distributors or the relevant website is not available. In these circumstances, the relevant 
SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as 
it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
(iv) 
Amendments to SOFR Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of SOFR amends the methodology of SOFR 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant 
rate), the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or 
consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition 
(including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, 
changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest 
and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary). 
(e) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates 
Subject as provided below, if any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then any Interest Rate shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be, and where more than one Maximum Interest 
Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate is so specified, the maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be, shall be that which is specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(f) 
Calculations - Notes 
In the case where the Securities are Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Securities for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to:

--- Page 649 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
623
 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which are represented by a Global 
Registered Security Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(ii) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Security is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions.  
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(g) 
Calculations - Certificates 
In the case where the Securities are Certificates, the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
amount of coupon (the Coupon Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Securities for the 
relevant Coupon Period by multiplying the relevant Coupon Rate by: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which are represented by a Global 
Registered Security Certificate, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in 
respect of the total number of the Securities represented by such Global 
Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(ii) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention.  
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each Interest Determination Date the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Rate so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Securities become due and payable under General 
Condition 13, the interest (if any) and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the 
Securities shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with

--- Page 650 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
624
 
this Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated 
need be made. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(i) 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Rate and each Interest Amount (subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date) for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Principal Paying Agent and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Securities are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with General Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
in London.  
(j) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or in the case of CMS Rate Securities) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if there 
is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate.  
(k) 
Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices 
In the event that any SONIA rate, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR Reference Rate, 
or SOFR Index value is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the Corrected Rate) 
is published after the original publication but no later than the longer of (a) one hour after 
such original publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified by a relevant 
administrator in its methodology for the relevant rate or index, then PROVIDED THAT 
such Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days prior 
to the date on which a related payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes (the 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date), then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be 
the rate for the relevant date and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) shall use such Corrected Rate in determining any relevant amount payable in 
respect of the Notes. Any corrections published after the second Business Day prior to 
the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Screen Rate.

--- Page 651 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
625
 
4.3 
Interest on CMS Rate Securities 
(a) 
Interest Amount 
Each CMS Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and at the CMS Interest Rate. 
Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest 
Payment Date. The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be 
subject to Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the 
Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified 
to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day (including any Interest 
Payment Date) is specified in any other Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "CMS 
Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance 
with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3. 
A different CMS Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Single CMS Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Single CMS Interest 
Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the CMS Reference Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference 
Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate), all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
(c) 
Worse of CMS Interest Rates 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the lesser of: (1) CMS Reference Rate 1 plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and (2) CMS Reference Rate 
2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest 
Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 2). Where (1) and (2) are the same value, then such value will be the relevant 
CMS Interest Rate. 
(d) 
CMS Spread Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the difference between (1) CMS Reference Rate 1, plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), minus (2) 
CMS Reference Rate 2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if 
any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and 
multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2). 
(e) 
CMS Reference Rate Fallback Provisions 
In respect of a CMS Reference Rate and the Relevant Swap Rate (used to determine such CMS 
Reference Rate), subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, if a Page for such

--- Page 652 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
626
 
Relevant Swap Rate is not available or the Relevant Swap Rate does not appear on the Page or 
the Relevant Swap Rate is not provided or published by the relevant administrator and/or a 
relevant authorised distributor or a component of the Relevant Swap Rate is not provided or 
published, in each case as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question, the Relevant Swap Rate shall be determined by the Relevant Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Relevant Agent may determine the 
Relevant Swap Rate by reference to one of the following: 
(i) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) 
published on the relevant Interest Determination Date on a different screen page by 
another authorised distributor of the relevant rate; 
(ii) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Relevant Swap Rate or 
the supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such 
entity) responsible for supervising the Relevant Swap Rate or the administrator thereof; 
or  
(iii) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last 
provided or published by the relevant administrator; or  
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Relevant 
Agent on a date determined by the Relevant Agent for a representative amount (and, 
where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, if 
applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner 
determined by the Relevant Agent. 
In the event that the administrator of a relevant Relevant Swap Rate amends the methodology 
of such Relevant Swap Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of 
publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to make any 
related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.3(e) (including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) 
that the Relevant Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Relevant Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines that no appropriate 
market practice exists, in such other manner as the Relevant Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary). 
In the event that the Relevant Swap Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the 
Corrected Rate) is published after the original publication but no later than the longer of (a) 
one hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified by a 
relevant administrator in its methodology for the Relevant Swap Rate, then provided that such 
Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the date 
on which a related payment is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date)), then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Relevant Swap Rate and the Relevant Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in determining any 
relevant amount payable in respect of the Securities. Any corrections published after the second 
Business Day prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the 
purposes of determining the Relevant Swap Rate. 
If the Relevant Swap Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such Relevant 
Swap Rate so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior to the date 
on which any relevant amount is to be determined.

--- Page 653 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
627
 
The Calculation Agent and Determination Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer or to any 
third party as a result of the Relevant Agent having acted on any quotation given by any 
reference bank. 
(f) 
Calculation – Notes 
In the case where the Securities are Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the CMS Rate Securities for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the CMS Rate Securities 
represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) applies, 
multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The resultant figure will 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a CMS Rate Security is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier 
Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(g) 
Calculation – Certificates  
In the case where the Securities are Certificates, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount 
of coupon (the Coupon Amount) payable on the CMS Rate Securities, as the case may be, for 
the relevant Coupon Period by applying the relevant Coupon Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in respect of the total number of 
the Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) applies, 
multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The resultant figure will 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if 
Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(h) 
Additional Definitions Relating to CMS Rate Securities 
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3 shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Conditions):

--- Page 654 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
628
 
CMS Interest Rate means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.3. 
CMS Rate Securities means Securities specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
CMS Reference Rate means, in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day, the Relevant 
Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the Page as at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Relevant 
Agent. 
CMS Reference Rate 1 means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1". 
CMS Reference Rate 2 means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 2". 
Interest Participation Rate 1 means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 1. 
Interest Participation Rate 2 means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 2, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 2. 
Margin 1 means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Margin 2 means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Currency means, in the case of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the 
currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS Reference 
Rate. 
Relevant Swap Rate means, if the applicable Issue Terms specify:  
(i) 
EUR Swap Rate, the fixed rate under an annual interest rate swap for euro swap 
transactions with a floating leg of euro EURIBOR and for a period of the Designated 
Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(ii) 
GBP Swap Rate, the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap for Sterling 
swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded SONIA and for a period of the 
Designated Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(iii) 
USD SOFR Swap Rate, the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap for 
U.S. dollar swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded SOFR and for a period 
of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
and 
(iv) 
Mid-Market Swap Rate, the mid-market swap rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with standard market practice. 
Relevant Time means, for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the time 
in the place specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS 
Reference Rate.

--- Page 655 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
629
 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time.  
4.4 
Spread Securities 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Spread Securities 
The "Spread Interest Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be the Relevant Spread Rate 
in respect of such Interest Period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied 
by the Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
The "Relevant Spread Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if "Option One" applies, an amount equal to (i) one (1), minus (ii) the result of Spread 
Rate 1 minus Spread Rate 2; or 
(B) 
if "No Option One" applies, an amount equal to (i) Spread Rate 1, minus (ii) Spread Rate 
2; or 
(C) 
if "Spread Cap" applies, an amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Min[(Rate X±Spread Cap Margin);(V%+{Multiplier×[Rate Y-Rate Z]})] 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "Spread Interest 
Rate", "Relevant Spread Rate" or "Spread Reference Rate", the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.4, as though each reference to "Interest Rate" were a reference to "Reference Rate". 
(b) 
Determination of Spread Reference Rate 
The "Spread Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and may be expressed as: 
(A) 
a single Reference Rate; 
(B) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(C) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2. 
A different Spread Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different Reference 
Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply; or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii) or (iii) above is specified 
in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such 
Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for 
Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities or CMS Rate Securities, in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions and, in the case of Securities that are not Exempt Securities, in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) or Valuation and

--- Page 656 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
630
 
Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities), as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, all fallback provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as 
applicable, as contained in the Conditions shall also apply in relation to the determination of 
such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(d) 
Fixed Rate Security provisions applicable to Spread Securities 
Each Spread Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security and interest payable on Spread 
Securities will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.1(b) or 4.1(c), as the case may be, as though the applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" 
to be applicable and the Spread Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate 
Securities, Spread Securities will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.1(b) or 4.1(c), as the case may be, above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest (being an 
Interest Amount) will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(e) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Spread Securities 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.4 shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Conditions: 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) means, in respect of a Relevant Spread 
Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant Spread Rate. 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest 
Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant 
Spread Rate. 
Maximum Reference Rate means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
Min means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
Minimum Reference Rate means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Multiplier" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Rate X means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate 
is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall 
be deemed amended accordingly.

--- Page 657 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
631
 
Rate Y means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate 
is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall 
be deemed amended accordingly. 
Rate Z means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate 
is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall 
be deemed amended accordingly. 
Reference Rate 1 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.4(c) (Determination of Reference Rate) above. 
Reference Rate 2 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.4(c) (Determination of Reference Rate) above. 
Spread Cap Margin means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest Period, the 
Margin specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, provided that if: (i) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded 
by a "+" (plus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph 
(C) of the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "+ Spread Cap 
Margin", and (ii) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded by a "‒" 
(minus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph (C) of 
the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "‒ Spread Cap Margin". 
Spread Rate 1 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 1 Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 2 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate. 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 2 Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 3 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 3 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate. 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 3 Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Securities means Securities specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
V% means an amount (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 658 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
632
 
4.5 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
The provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 and shall apply to Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Securities. A Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will have a Fixed Interest 
Rate, a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest Rate, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Accrual Interest Rate 
The "Accrual Interest Rate" for each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date) means a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min [Max (Lev x {RA Factor – Adj}; RA Floor); RA Cap] 
For the purposes of the above: 
Accrual Factor means an amount expressed as a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(days accrued)
(days observed) 
RA Factor means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" 
apply: 
(A) 
where the Accrual Factor is greater than the Protection Level, 100%; or 
(B) 
where the Accrual Factor is less than or equal to the Protection Level, the Accrual 
Factor; or 
(ii) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" 
do not apply, the Accrual Factor. 
(b) 
Determination of Accrual Condition 
Accrual Condition means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied) on any Interest Observation 
Date if the Reference Observation on such Interest Observation Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, greater than the Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Barrier; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, less than the Barrier; 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Barrier; or 
(E) 
if a "Lower Range" and an "Upper Range" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and: 
(I) 
if the "Lower Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
"Greater than the Lower Range", greater than the Lower Range; or 
(2) 
"Greater than or equal to the Lower Range", greater than or equal to the 
Lower Range; and 
(II) 
if the "Upper Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is:

--- Page 659 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
633
 
(1) 
"Less than the Upper Range", less than the Upper Range; or 
(2) 
"Less than or equal to the Upper Range", less than or equal to the Upper 
Range, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Observation 
The "Reference Observation" shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be 
expressed as: 
(i) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2; or 
(ii) 
the sum of each Reference Rate 1 minus the sum of each Reference Rate 2; or 
(iii) 
one Reference Rate or a basket of two or more Reference Rates, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to or in respect of the relevant 
Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
If the Reference Observation is specified as a basket of two or more Reference Rates, then a 
"Reference Observation" on any Interest Observation Date shall be construed as: 
(i) 
if "Any" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "any Reference Rate" or 
(ii) 
if "All" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "each of the Reference Rates", 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) and 4.3 (Interest 
on CMS Rate Securities), Reference Rate 1 and Reference Rate 2 are each a "Reference Rate" 
and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether each Reference Rate is: (i) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply, or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, or (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a 
Relevant Spread Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) 
above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in 
relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any 
Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.4 (Spread Securities), any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, in each case in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread 
Rate or Spread Reference Rate, in each case as contained in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
A different Reference Rate and/or different Reference Observations may apply in respect of 
different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range 
(A) 
Barrier 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Barrier may apply to specified Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary between different Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 660 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
634
 
(B) 
Lower Range and/or Upper Range 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Lower Range and/or Upper Range may 
apply to specified Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary 
between different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Interest Observation Date 
In respect of an Interest Period, any Reference Observation and each Accrual Day falling 
during such Interest Period, the relevant "Interest Observation Date" shall be such 
Accrual Day or, if such day is not a Scheduled Observation Date or is a Reference 
Observation Disrupted Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Observation Date for 
such Reference Observation which is not a Reference Observation Disrupted Day for 
such Reference Observation, provided that the Interest Observation Date for each 
Accrual Day from (and including) the Accrual Cut-Off Date to but (excluding) the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period shall be the Interest 
Observation Date for the Accrual Cut-Off Date. 
An Interest Observation Date for one Accrual Day may therefore fall on the same day as 
the Interest Observation Date for another Accrual Day. 
(f) 
Interest Rate 
A different Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities will bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a Fixed Interest Rate, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) are deemed to apply and each Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security. Interest payable on each Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Security will be determined and calculated in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1(b) or 4.1(c), as the case may be, as though the 
applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable. 
(B) 
Floating Rate Security provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a Floating Interest Rate, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) are deemed to apply and each Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Security will also be a Floating Rate Security. The Interest Amount 
payable on each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will be determined and calculated 
in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(f) (Calculations - Notes) or 
4.2(g) (Calculations - Certificates), as the case may be. 
(C) 
CMS Rate Security provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a CMS Interest Rate, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities) are deemed to apply and each Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Security will also be a CMS Rate Security. The Interest Amount 
payable on each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will be determined and calculated 
in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3(a) (Interest Amount).

--- Page 661 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
635
 
(g) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount 
If any Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date, then if the Interest Amount for 
such Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than such Maximum Interest Amount, the Interest 
Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, the Maximum Interest Amount shall be 
subject to the usury limits permitted by the law of the State of New York, or (2) less than such 
Minimum Interest Amount, the Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
If more than one Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms for different Interest Payment Dates, then if the Interest Amount 
for an Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than the Maximum Interest Amount specified for 
such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, or 
(2) is less than such Minimum Interest Amount specified for such Interest Payment Date, the 
Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Amount shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(h) 
Range Accrual Table 
If a Range Accrual Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date: 
(A) 
the Barrier will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier"; 
(B) 
the Lower Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled "Lower Range"; 
(C) 
the Upper Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled "Upper Range"; 
(D) 
the relevant Reference Observation will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Observation" and if the Reference Observation is not 
expressed as a single Reference Rate, any Reference Rate, Reference Rate 1 or Reference 
Rate 2 will be specified in the Reference Observation Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Rate(s)" (or if applicable, the columns entitled "Reference Rate 1" and 
"Reference Rate 2"); 
(E) 
the relevant Interest Rate for such Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual 
Table in the column entitled "Interest Rate"; and 
(F) 
the relevant "Lev", "Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and "Protection Level" for such 
Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the applicable column, 
in each case, in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End 
Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
(i) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities  
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Conditions: 
Accrual Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each Accrual Business Day Centre specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and if "Accrual Business Day Centre" is specified to be or to include: (i) "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be any day 
except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members

--- Page 662 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
636
 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) 
"TARGET", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be a day on which the T2 is open. 
Accrual Condition has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition). 
Accrual Condition 1 means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) "Accrual 
Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 1", (b) "Reference Observation" was a 
reference to "Reference Observation 1", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 1", (d) "Lower 
Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 1", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper 
Range 1". 
Accrual Condition 2 means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) "Accrual 
Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 2", (b) "Reference Observation" was a 
reference to "Reference Observation 2", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 2", (d) "Lower 
Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 2", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper 
Range 2". 
Accrual Condition 3 means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) "Accrual 
Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 3", (b) "Reference Observation" was a 
reference to "Reference Observation 3", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 3", (d) "Lower 
Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 3", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper 
Range 3". 
Accrual Cut-Off Date means, in respect of an Interest Period, the day falling on the Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date (or if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the fifth Accrual Day) immediately preceding the Interest Period End Date falling at the 
end of such Interest Period. 
Accrual Days means calendar days or Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (each an Accrual Day). 
Adj means the adjustment factor specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Adj is Not Applicable, Adj shall be zero. 
Barrier has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper 
Range and Lower Range). 
Barrier 1 means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 1". 
Barrier 2 means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table( to "Barrier" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 2". 
Barrier 3 means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 3". 
days accrued means: 
(A) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Single Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Accrual Condition is satisfied on the related Interest Observation Date;

--- Page 663 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
637
 
(B) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Reference Observation" to be applicable, the 
number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1 and Accrual Condition 2 are both satisfied on the related Interest 
Observation Date; and 
(C) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Triple Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1, Accrual Condition 2 and Accrual Condition 3 are all satisfied on the related 
Interest Observation Date. 
days observed means the actual number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
Interest Observation Date has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.5(e). 
Lev means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if the 
applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 100 per cent. 
Lower Range has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range). 
Lower Range 1 means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Lower Range 1". 
Lower Range 2 means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Lower Range 2". 
Lower Range 3 means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Lower Range 3". 
Max means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
Min means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
RA Cap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if 
the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Cap is Not Applicable, the RA Cap shall be 
infinity. 
RA Floor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Floor is Not Applicable, the RA Floor shall 
be zero. 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities means Securities specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual Table means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Observation has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) above. 
Reference Observation 1 means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) as though each reference therein to "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 1".

--- Page 664 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
638
 
Reference Observation 2 means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) above as though each reference therein to "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 2". 
Reference Observation 3 means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) above as though each reference therein to "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 3". 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Reference Observation, where 
the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in Rate Condition 1) for any of the Reference Rates comprising such Reference 
Observation. 
Reference Observation Table means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Observation Date means, in respect of a Reference Observation where the relevant 
Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day 
(as defined in Rate Condition 1) for all the Reference Rates comprising such Reference 
Observation. 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date means such number of calendar days or Accrual Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Upper Range has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range). 
Upper Range 1 means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Upper Range 1". 
Upper Range 2 means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Upper Range 2". 
Upper Range 3 means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Upper Range 3". 
4.6 
Buy the Dip Securities 
The definitions and provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 shall apply 
to Securities specified to be Buy the Dip Securities in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Definitions 
Cash Accrual means, in respect of: 
(i) 
the Observation Day(0), zero (0); or 
(ii) 
any Observation Day(t) falling after the Observation Day(0), a percentage (expressed as 
a decimal) calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
Cash Accrual(t −1) + (Coupon Rate ×
1
Day Count × Cash Participation(t −1))

--- Page 665 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
639
 
Cash Accrual(t – 1) means, in respect of any Observation Day(t) falling after the Observation 
Day(0), the Cash Accrual(t) in respect of the Observation Day immediately preceding 
Observation Day(t). 
Cash Participation(Final)  means the Cash Participation(t) in respect of the Observation Day(t) 
falling on (or, if the Cash Participation(Final) Date is not an Observation Day, immediately 
preceding) the Cash Participation(Final) Date. 
Cash Participation(Final) Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Observation Day(Final). 
Cash Participation(t) means:  
(i) 
in respect of the Observation Day(0), the Initial Cash Participation; and  
(i) 
in respect of any Observation Day(t) falling after the Observation Day(0): 
(A) 
if no Trigger Event Date has occurred on or prior to such Observation Day(t), the 
Initial Cash Participation; 
(B) 
if any Trigger Event Date has occurred on or prior to such Observation Day(t), an 
amount determined to be (1) the Initial Cash Participation, minus (2) the sum of 
each Equity Allocation(i) in respect of each Trigger Event Date and the relevant 
Trigger Event(i) relating to such Trigger Event Date that has occurred on or prior 
to such Observation Day(t).  
Cash Participation(t – 1)  means, in respect of any Observation Day(t) falling after the 
Observation Day(0), the Cash Participation(t) in respect of the Observation Day immediately 
preceding Observation Day(t). 
Coupon Rate means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the percentage rate specified for 
such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Current Cash Accrual means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the Interest Valuation 
Date relating to such Interest Payment Date, the Cash Accrual in respect of the Observation Day 
falling on (or, if the related Interest Valuation Date is not an Observation Day, most recently 
preceding) the related Interest Valuation Date.  
Day Count, in respect of Observation Day(t), means the number of Observation Days falling in 
the Day Count Period in which such Observation Day(t) falls. 
Day Count Period means the period commencing from (but excluding) the Observation Day(0) 
to (and including) the first Interest Valuation Date and each successive period beginning on (but 
excluding) an Interest Valuation Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest 
Valuation Date (or, in the case of the final Day Count Period, the Day Count Period Final End 
Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes are redeemed early other than on a scheduled 
date for redemption. 
Day Count Period Final End Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Observation Day(Final). 
Equity Allocation(i)  means, in respect of a Trigger Event(i), the percentage as set out under 
the heading "Equity Allocation(i)" in the row corresponding to the relevant "i" in the table in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
Equity Invested Allocation(0) or Initial Equity Invested Allocation  means an amount 
(expressed as a decimal) determined to be the Initial Equity Participation divided by the Initial 
Level, expressed as a formula:  
Initial Equity Participation
Initial Level

--- Page 666 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
640
 
rounded down to the nearest whole percentage number. 
Equity Invested Allocation(i) means, in respect of each Trigger Event Date that has occurred 
on or prior to the Observation Day(Final) and the relevant Trigger Event(i) relating to such 
Trigger Event Date, an amount determined to be the relevant Equity Allocation(i) divided by 
the relevant Trigger Level(i), expressed as a formula:  
Equity Allocation(i)
Trigger Level(i)
 
in each case, rounded down to the nearest whole percentage number. 
Final Equity Allocation means:  
(i) 
if, on or prior to the Observation Day(Final), any Trigger Event Date and the related 
Trigger Event(i) has occurred, an amount determined to be the Equity Invested 
Allocation(0) plus the sum of the Equity Invested Allocation(i) in respect of each such 
Trigger Event(i) (where i = 1…x) that has occurred, expressed as a formula: 
Equity Invested Allocation(0) + ∑Equity Invested Allocation(i)
𝑥
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
x means the total number of Trigger Event Dates that have occurred on or prior to the 
[Observation Day(Final)]. 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Equity Invested Allocation(0).  
Final Level means the Final Reference Level of the Underlying on the Final Valuation Date. 
i means the unique integer from 1 to N (where i = 1…N) each denoting a Trigger Event and a 
Trigger Level as set out in the row corresponding to the relevant "i" in the table in the applicable 
Issue Terms. For such purposes, N means the highest number specified under the heading "i" in 
the table in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Initial Cash Participation means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(expressed as a decimal). 
Initial Equity Participation means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(expressed as a decimal). 
Initial Level means the Redemption Initial Level of the Underlying on the Redemption Strike 
Date. 
Interest Valuation Date has the meaning given to such term in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.1 (Definitions), provided that Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) and Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing 
Levels)) shall not apply to each such day. 
Observation Day means each Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying during the period 
commencing from (and including) the Observation Day(0) to (and including) the Observation 
Day(Final). Each Observation Day shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
the Conditions, provided that Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall not 
apply to each such day.  
Observation Day(0) means the Redemption Strike Date.

--- Page 667 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
641
 
Observation Day(Final) means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the final Interest Valuation Date.  
Observation Day(t) means the relevant Observation Day.  
Previous Cash Accrual means, in respect of: 
(i) 
the first Interest Payment Date, zero; or 
(ii) 
each Interest Payment Date thereafter (such Interest Payment Date, the Current IPD), 
the Cash Accrual in respect of the Observation Day falling on (or, if the Previous Interest 
Valuation Date is not an Observation Day, immediately preceding) the Interest Valuation 
Date relating to the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Current IPD (the 
Previous Interest Valuation Date). 
Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Buy the Dip Security, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum 
of (A) the Final Equity Allocation multiplied by the Final Level and (B) the Cash 
Participation(Final), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [(Final Equity Allocation × Final Level) + Cash Participation(Final)] 
Trigger Event means any Trigger Event(i).  
Trigger Event Date means, in respect of a Trigger Event(i), the first Observation Day in respect 
of which such Trigger Event(i) first occurs. For the avoidance of doubt, there shall only be one 
Trigger Event Date in respect of any Trigger Event(i). 
Trigger Event(i) means (and a Trigger Event(i) shall be deemed to have occurred), the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying on any Observation Day for the Underlying 
satisfies the Trigger Level(i) relating to such Trigger Event(i). For the avoidance of doubt, a 
Trigger Event(i) shall be deemed to occur only once on the first such Observation Day on which 
the Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying first satisfies the relevant Trigger Level(i), 
without taking into account any subsequent days on which the relevant Trigger Level(i) may be 
satisfied.  
As used above, satisfy or satisfies means that the relevant Underlying Closing Level is greater 
than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Trigger Event(i), the relevant Trigger Level(i).  
Trigger Level(i) means, in respect of a Trigger Event(i), the percentage of the Initial Level or 
such other level of the Underlying as set out under the heading "Trigger Level(i)" in the row 
corresponding to the relevant "i" in the table in the applicable Issue Terms.  
(b) 
Disrupted Days in respect of Observation Days 
If an Observation Day is a Disrupted Day in respect of the Underlying, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying on such Observation Day 
shall be deemed to be the Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying on the first Observation 
Day prior to such Observation Day that was not a Disrupted Day in respect of the Underlying, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
4.7 
Definitions 
CMS Interest Rate means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities). 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Security for any period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the Calculation 
Period):

--- Page 668 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
642
 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed 
Rate Securities: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation 
Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities where the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(y) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Securities, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(g) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to Floating Rate Securities, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y 2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 669 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
643
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(i) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and

--- Page 670 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
644
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(j) 
if "Australian Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, one divided by 
the number of Interest Period End Dates in a year (or where the Calculation Period does 
not constitute an Interest Period, "Actual/Actual" as defined in sub paragraph (ii) above; 
(k) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1; 
(l) 
if Calculation/252 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
Calculation Days in the Calculation Period divided by 252, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 𝑫𝑪𝑫𝒑
252  
where:  
Calculation Days or DCDp is the number of Business Days in the Calculation Period; or 
(m) 
if RBA Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter or 
longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.25, except that if the first Calculation 
Period or the last Calculation Period is less than three months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period; 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or 
longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.5, except that if the first Calculation 
Period 
or 
the 
last 
Calculation 
Period 
is 
less 
than 
six 
months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period; and 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or 
longer first and last Calculation Period), 1, except that if the first Calculation 
Period or the last Calculation Period is less than twelve months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period. 
Determination Agent means the Calculation Agent or such other entity appointed by the Issuer 
and specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or any successor or replacement entity 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
Final Interest Period End Date means, for the purposes of calculating interest in respect of 
any Interest Period, the date an Interest Period ends on but excludes. 
Fixed Interest Rate means the rate of interest applicable to Fixed Rate Securities in respect of 
an Interest Period determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Securities). 
Floating Interest Rate means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or any 
relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Interest Commencement Date means the date of issue of the Securities (the Issue Date) or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 671 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
645
 
Interest Determination Date means:  
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)": 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is (i) (a) the SONIA Floating Rate, the fifth London Banking 
Day prior to the end of each Interest Period, or (b) the SONIA Index Floating 
Rate, the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant Final Interest Period End Date, or (ii) (a) the SOFR Floating Rate, the 
Second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, or (b) the SOFR Index Floating Rate, the day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date; 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second T2 Business Day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period; 
(C) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Stockholm prior to the start 
of each Interest Period; 
(D) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; 
(E) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the first 
day of each Interest Period; 
(F) 
if the Reference Rate is the Romanian interbank offered rate (ROBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Bucharest prior to the start 
of each Interest Period; 
(G) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), the second 
day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; 
(H) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR), the first 
day of each Interest Period; 
(I) 
if the Reference Rate is the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW), the first 
day of each Interest Period; or 
(J) 
if the Reference Rate is the New Zealand Bank Bill reference rate (BKBM), the 
first day of each Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
if SOFR Floating Rate Determination applies and the Compounding Method is specified 
to be SOFR OIS Compounding in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Period End 
Date falling at the end of the relevant Interest Period (or such other date or dates, if any, 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms) Provided That, in any such case, the 
Interest Determination Date with respect to the final Interest Period for which such 
Compounding Method applies will be the SOFR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date,  
or the date otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and, where the applicable Issue Terms specify one or more Reference Rates for an 
Interest Period or a relevant day or different Reference Rates for different Interest Periods or 
days, the Interest Determination Date will be construed in respect of each Reference Rate for 
each Interest Period or day.

--- Page 672 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
646
 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Interest Period End Date or the relevant payment date if the Securities are 
redeemed early other than on a scheduled date for redemption.  
Interest Period End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Rate means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Securities 
and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, herein or specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and where more than one rate is so specified, the rate shall be that 
which is specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
London Banking Day or LBD means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
Margin means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a Relevant Rate) for a 
relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, which 
shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable 
Issue Terms specify Margin to be not applicable in respect of such Relevant Rate, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero), or if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" (which shall be 
preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day or 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such 
Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify more 
than one Margin for different Relevant Rates, the Margin will be construed to apply to each 
Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest 
Period. 
Page means such display page as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose 
of providing a Reference Rate, or (i) any successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider that has been officially designated by the sponsor of the original 
display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, other 
published source, information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display 
page, other published source, information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant 
information vendor or provider (if different from the sponsor). 
Rate Table means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Rate Interbank Market means the relevant market specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Relevant Financial Centre means, (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 (Definitions)", (a) Brussels, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, (b) Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, (c) Oslo, 
in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (d) Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of 
CIBOR, (e) Bucharest, in the case of a determination in ROBOR, (f) Tokyo, in the case of a 
determination of TIBOR, (g) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, (h) Sydney, 
in the case of a determination of BBSW and (i) Wellington, in the case of a determination of 
BKBM, or (ii) such other centre as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Specified Time means (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.7 (Definitions)", (a) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (b) in the case 
of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (c) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, (d) in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 
a.m., (e) in the case of ROBOR, 11.00 a.m., (f) in the case of TIBOR, 12.50 p.m., (g) in the case 
of HIBOR, 11.15 a.m., (h) in the case of BBSW, 12.00 noon or (i) in the case of BKBM, 11.00

--- Page 673 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
647
 
a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or (ii) the time in the place specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USBD means any day except a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
4.8 
Certificates and Notes – interpretation 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Securities are Certificates, each reference in this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4 (Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and Spread Rate Interest 
Amounts and Range Accrual (Expanded) Provisions) to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", 
"Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" (and related expressions) shall be 
construed to be to, respectively, "coupon amount", "Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon Period", 
"Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying". 
In the case of Notes, references to "Security" mean to "Note representing a principal amount 
thereof equal to the Calculation Amount". All related expressions herein or in the Agency 
Agreement, any Global Registered Security Certificate and any Securities in definitive form 
shall be construed accordingly. 
5. 
Physical Settlement Securities 
(a) 
This Condition will apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Securities are 
Physical Settlement Securities. If the applicable Issue Terms does not specify that the Securities 
are Physical Settlement Securities, then all references to the Entitlement in the General 
Conditions shall be disregarded. Where the Securities are Physical Settlement Securities and the 
Entitlement becomes deliverable pursuant to the Conditions (including in the case of Certificates 
which are exercised or deemed exercised): 
(i) 
Where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall, subject to the relevant Securityholder duly submitting an Asset 
Transfer Notice in accordance with the provisions hereof, deliver the Entitlement in 
respect of each Security through the Relevant Clearing System in accordance with the 
provisions hereof to the relevant Securityholder on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date 
(as applicable) (or, if such date is not a Settlement Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Settlement Business Day), subject as provided herein; or 
(ii) 
Where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Equivalent Amounts to the Intermediary and, subject to 
the relevant Securityholder duly submitting an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with 
the provisions hereof, the Issuer shall procure that the Intermediary (acting as principal) 
shall purchase the Entitlement Ratio at the Entitlement Price and shall deliver the 
Entitlement in respect of each Security through the Relevant Clearing System in 
accordance with the provisions hereof to the relevant Securityholder on the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) (or, if such date is not a Settlement Business 
Day, the immediately succeeding Settlement Business Day), subject as provided herein. 
Payment by the Issuer of the Equivalent Amounts to the Intermediary and 
procuring delivery of the Entitlement by the Intermediary shall fully discharge the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities. Whenever pursuant to the 
Conditions, the Intermediary is expressed to be making delivery to a holder, such 
holder will be deemed to have instructed the Intermediary as its agent to purchase 
the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and make such delivery to it.  
THIS CONDITION ONLY APPLIES TO SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY A GLOBAL 
REGISTERED SECURITY CERTIFICATE HELD ON BEHALF OF EUROCLEAR AND 
CLEARSTREAM, LUXEMBOURG. IF THE SECURITIES ARE ISSUED IN DEFINITIVE 
FORM THE ISSUER SHALL MAKE SUCH CHANGES TO THIS PROVISION AS IT 
DEEMS APPROPRIATE AND SHALL GIVE NOTICE TO THE HOLDERS IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL CONDITION 18.

--- Page 674 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
648
 
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement(s) in respect of any Security, the relevant 
holder must deliver a duly completed asset transfer notice (an Asset Transfer Notice) 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement in respect of Securities cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, with a copy to the Principal Payment Agent and, where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary 
not later than 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the date (the Cut-off Date) falling three Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) (as defined below), in 
accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition. An Asset Transfer Notice may 
only be delivered to a Relevant Clearing System in such manner as is acceptable to such 
Relevant Clearing System, which (in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) is expected to be by authenticated SWIFT message.  
Notwithstanding that the Securities may in certain circumstances, be Cash Settled 
Securities, in order to receive the Entitlement on the Maturity Date or Settlement 
Date (as applicable) (subject as provided in the Conditions), Securityholders should 
complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with the Conditions 
in any event as it may not be known prior to the Cut-off Date whether the Securities 
will be cash settled or whether the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Intermediary 
will deliver the Entitlement. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the specified office of each Paying Agent or the Registrar. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant 
Securityholder and the person from whom the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may obtain details for the delivery of the Entitlement if 
delivery is to be made otherwise than in the manner specified in this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule; 
(2) 
specify the Series number of the Securities and the principal amount or number 
of the Securities which are the subject of such notice; 
(3) 
specify the number of the Securityholder's securities account at the Relevant 
Clearing System, as the case may be, to be debited with such Securities; 
(4) 
in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
irrevocably instruct the relevant clearing system to debit the relevant 
Securityholder's securities account with the relevant Securities on or before the 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable); 
(5) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and a confirmation that the delivery 
of the Entitlement is subject, inter alia, as provided herein and either (1) in respect 
of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, an authority 
to the relevant clearing system to debit a specified account of the Securityholder 
with the applicable relevant clearing system in respect thereof and to pay such 
Expenses or (2) in respect of Securities cleared through any Relevant Clearing 
System, an authority to the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) either to deduct from any cash amount owing to the Securityholder an 
amount sufficient to pay such Expenses and to pay on behalf of the Securityholder 
such Expenses or to convert such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) due to be 
delivered to such Securityholder as is necessary to pay such Expenses and to pay

--- Page 675 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
649
 
on behalf of the Securityholder such Expenses, as referred to below, and a 
confirmation that delivery of any Entitlement is subject as provided below; 
(6) 
include details of the Securityholder's securities account of the Relevant Clearing 
System to be credited with the Entitlement and specify the name and number of 
the Securityholder's account with the Relevant Clearing System to be credited 
with any cash payable by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms), either in respect of any cash amount constituting (1) the Entitlement or 
any Fractional Entitlement (if applicable) or (2) any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement or (3) as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event 
and the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) electing to 
pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or (4) as a result of the occurrence 
of a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) electing to pay the Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount or (5) as a result of the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) electing to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount; 
(7) 
certify in respect of Securities represented by a Registered Security Certificate, 
that the beneficial owner of each Security the subject of the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice is a Permitted Purchaser (as defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), 
the Security is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a Non-
Permitted Purchaser and no cash, securities or other property have been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a Non-
Permitted Purchaser in connection with any redemption thereof; and  
(8) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
As used above: 
Expenses means all costs, taxes, duties, governmental charges and/or expenses, 
including any applicable depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer, withholding taxes or tax 
on income profits or gains and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the transfer or 
delivery of the Entitlement(s). 
Intermediary means the entity (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if no such entity is so specified and Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Verification of the Holder and process to be followed by the Principal Paying Agent on 
receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, in respect of Securities cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant clearing system shall verify that the 
person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Securities described 
therein according to its records. Subject thereto, in respect of Securities cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant clearing system will confirm to the 
Principal Paying Agent the Series number and principal amount or number of Securities 
the subject of such notice, the relevant account details and the details for the delivery of 
the Entitlement(s) in respect of each Security the subject of such notice. Upon receipt of

--- Page 676 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
650
 
such confirmation, the Principal Paying Agent will inform the Issuer and, where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary thereof. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will 
on or before the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) debit the securities 
account of the relevant Securityholder with the relevant Securities.  
(C) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, by the relevant clearing system in consultation with the 
Principal Paying Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary, and shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and the relevant 
Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form, or, in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, which is not copied to the Principal Paying Agent and, 
where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Intermediary immediately after being delivered or sent to the relevant clearing 
system, as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a) above, shall be null and 
void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of in respect 
of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant 
clearing system in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent and, where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time 
such correction was delivered in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the relevant clearing system and the Principal Paying 
Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Intermediary. 
The Principal Paying Agent or, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary shall use reasonable 
endeavours promptly to notify the Securityholder submitting an Asset Transfer Notice, 
if it has been determined, as provided above, that such Asset Transfer Notice is 
incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on 
its part, none of the Issuer, any Issuer Credit Enhancer, the Agents, the Registrar, the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms), any Counterparty and the Relevant Clearing System shall be 
liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in 
connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Securityholder. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Relevant 
Clearing System (where applicable) or the Principal Paying Agent or the Intermediary, 
as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the 
relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Securities which are the subject of such 
notice. 
Subject as provided herein and subject to the payment of any Expenses, the Entitlement 
will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder, in the manner provided below 
on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) (such date, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with this Condition, the Delivery Date), PROVIDED THAT the Asset 
Transfer Notice is duly delivered in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the relevant clearing system with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent and where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary, as provided above on or prior to the Cut-off 
Date.

--- Page 677 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
651
 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice, as provided herein on or prior 
to the Cut-off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered as soon as practicable after the 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) (in which case, such date of delivery 
shall be the Delivery Date) at the risk of such Securityholder in the manner provided 
below. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances such Securityholder shall not 
be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery 
Date falling after the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) and no liability in 
respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Intermediary (if any). 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein on or 
prior to the date falling 180 days after the Cut-off Date, then the Issuer's and any 
Intermediary's obligations in respect of the Securities held by such Securityholder 
for which no Asset Transfer Notice has been given shall be discharged and the 
Issuer and the Intermediary (if any) shall have no further liability in respect 
thereof. 
The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) shall, at the risk of the relevant 
Securityholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement for each Security, 
pursuant to the details specified in the Asset Transfer Notice or in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine and notify to the person 
designated by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. All Expenses 
arising from the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Securities shall be for the 
account of the relevant Securityholder and no delivery of the Entitlement shall be made 
until all Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Issuer Credit Enhancer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) by the relevant 
Securityholder. Any such Expenses shall either be: 
(1) 
paid to the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) by such 
Securityholder prior to the delivery of the Entitlement; or 
(2) 
deducted by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) from 
any cash amount owing to such Securityholder and paid by the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on behalf of the Securityholder or paid 
by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on behalf 
of such Securityholder by converting such amount of the Relevant Assets due to 
be delivered as necessary to pay the Expenses, 
as specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. 
If any Expenses are not paid by a Securityholder pursuant to the above, the relevant 
Securityholder shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) to convert and the Issuer or the Intermediary, as applicable, may 
convert such amount of the Relevant Assets due to be delivered into cash sufficient to 
cover the Expenses in respect of the relevant Security from which the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) shall deduct such Expenses. The Issuer's and, where Settlement

--- Page 678 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
652
 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary's obligations in respect of each Security will be satisfied in relation to the 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) by delivery of the remaining 
Entitlement in respect of such Security. 
All deliveries will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of delivery. 
(D) 
General 
Subject as provided below, Securities held by the same Securityholder will be aggregated 
for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Securities, 
PROVIDED THAT the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Securityholder 
will be rounded down to the nearest whole Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset or 
each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine. If the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Aggregation of Entitlements 
does not apply, the Entitlement in respect of each Security will be rounded down to the 
nearest whole multiple of the Tradeable Amount (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions or numbers of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, 
as the case may be, less than the relevant Tradeable Amount (the Fractional 
Entitlement) will not be delivered and no cash or other adjustment will be made in 
respect thereof unless "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. If "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) shall pay to the relevant 
Securityholder a cash amount in the Specified Currency (to be paid at the same time as 
delivery of the Entitlement) equal to the value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
of such Fractional Entitlement, calculated by reference to the Final Reference Level of 
the Entitlement Underlying (converted into the Specified Currency (being, in the case of 
Dual Currency Securities, the Denomination Currency) where relevant by dividing the 
Final Reference Level of the Entitlement Underlying by the applicable FX). 
Following the Delivery Date in respect of a Security where the Entitlement(s) includes 
securities, all dividends and/or other distributions on the relevant securities to be 
delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend or distribution 
according to market practice for a sale of the relevant securities executed on the Delivery 
Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant securities. Any such 
dividends or distributions to be paid to a Securityholder will be paid to the account 
specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to above. 
If any Entitlement is delivered later than the date on which delivery would otherwise 
have taken place as provided herein, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or 
any person acting on behalf such relevant entity shall continue to be the legal owner of 
the assets comprising the Entitlement (the Intervening Period). None of the Issuer, the 
Issuer Credit Enhancer, the Agents, any Intermediary or any other person shall at any 
time (A) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any Securityholder any 
letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided herein, 
any payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such 
assets, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights 
attaching to such assets or (C) be under any liability to a Securityholder in respect of any 
loss or damage which such Securityholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during such Intervening Period as 
legal owner of such assets.

--- Page 679 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
653
 
None of the Issuer, any Issuer Credit Enhancer, the Agents and any Intermediary shall 
under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of any Relevant Clearing 
System in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Securities. 
(E) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement using the Delivery 
Method specified in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule or such other commercially 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not practicable by reason 
of a Settlement Disruption Event subsisting on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable), then the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Settlement 
Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may elect to deliver 
the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and 
in such event the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the 
Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, 
where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by 
the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date. For so 
long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof 
the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may elect, in lieu of delivering the 
Entitlement to pay to the relevant Securityholder the Disruption Cash Redemption 
Amount on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices). Payment of 
the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices). The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred. No Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant 
Security in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence 
of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the 
Issuer or any Intermediary.  
For the purposes hereof: 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount, in respect of any relevant Security, means the 
fair market value of such Security on a day selected by the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event 
affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such 
non-affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of 
such Relevant Assets), less the cost of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Settlement Business Day, in respect of each Security, means a day which is a Business 
Day and a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open; and 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) as a result of which 
the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the

--- Page 680 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
654
 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) cannot make delivery of the 
Relevant Asset(s) using the Delivery Method specified in this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule.  
(F) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to 
deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the Affected Relevant Assets) 
comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for the Relevant Assets (a Failure to Deliver), then: 
(1) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are 
not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) in accordance with this 
Condition; and 
(2) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may elect, in lieu of delivering the Affected Relevant 
Assets, to pay to the relevant Securityholder the Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election 
is given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 
(Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 18 (Notices). The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices) that the provisions of this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" in respect of any 
relevant Security shall be the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets on a day 
selected by the Calculation Agent, less the cost of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and 
absolute discretion). 
(b) 
Issuer's or Intermediary's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount 
The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may, in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Asset or 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises securities which are not freely tradeable 
and deliverable, elect either (i) to substitute for the Entitlement (or part thereof), an 
equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of such other securities which 
the Calculation Agent determines are freely tradeable (each a Substitute Asset) or (ii) 
not to deliver the Entitlement or any Substitute Asset, as the case may be, to the relevant 
Securityholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to each relevant Securityholder on 
the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable)of an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Entitlement (or part thereof) as determined by the Calculation Agent at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount). Notification of any such election will be given to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 681 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
655
 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradeable" and deliverable security shall mean (i) with 
respect to the United States, a security which is registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1993, as amended (the Securities Act) or not restricted under the 
Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not 
purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such security or which otherwise meets the 
requirements of a freely tradeable security for purposes of the Securities Act, in each 
case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) with respect to any jurisdiction, a 
security not subject to any other legal or regulatory restrictions on transfer in such 
jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Rights of Securityholders 
The purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset.  
(A) 
All payments and/or the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Settlement Securities to be made by the relevant Issuer in respect of the 
Securities issued by it and the related Charged Agreement (if any) will be 
made only from and to the extent of the assets received or recovered from 
time to time by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or the Trustee in respect 
of (i) the relevant Charged Assets and, if applicable, the relevant Credit 
Support Document(s) and (ii) in the case of the Securities, the other 
Mortgaged Property (as defined in General Condition 5(a) (Security)) 
(applied, (a) prior to enforcement of the security for the Securities, in 
accordance with the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (b) following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5(e) (Application of 
proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if applicable) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms). 
(B) 
To the extent that such assets are less than the amount which the holders of 
the Securities and such Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive 
(the difference being referred to herein as a "shortfall"), such shortfall will 
be borne by such holders and by such Counterparty (if any) (i) prior to 
enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with the inverse 
of the order of priorities set out in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) 
following enforcement of the security for the Securities, in accordance with 
the inverse of the order of priorities set out in the provisions of General 
Condition 5(e) (Application of proceeds) and the Security Ranking Basis (if 
applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
(C) 
Each holder of Securities, by subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, 
and each Counterparty (if any) will be deemed to accept and acknowledge 
that it is fully aware that: 
(i) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall look 
solely to the assets referred to in paragraph (A) above, as applied in 
accordance with paragraphs (A) and (B) above, (the Relevant Sums) 
for payments and/or deliveries to be made by the relevant Issuer 
hereunder in respect of the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if 
any); 
(ii) 
the obligations of the relevant Issuer to make payments and/or 
deliveries in respect of the Securities and the Charged Agreement (if 
any) will be limited to the Relevant Sums and the holders of the 
Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall have no further 
recourse to the relevant Issuer in respect of the Securities or the 
Charged Agreement (if any), respectively; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing but other than in respect of Korean 
Market Notes, any right of the holders of the Securities and the

--- Page 682 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
656
 
Counterparty (if any) to claim assets of any amount exceeding the 
Relevant Sums shall be automatically extinguished; and 
(iv) 
the holders of the Securities and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be 
able to petition for the bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up of the 
relevant Issuer as a consequence of any such shortfall. 
Such limitation shall be without prejudice to any claims against the relevant Issuer 
Credit Enhancer (if any). 
Other than in respect of Korean Market Notes, no such shortfall shall constitute an 
Event of Default under General Condition 13 (Events of Default) or entitle the 
Counterparty (if any) or the Credit Support Provider (if any) to terminate the 
remainder of the Charged Agreements or the Credit Support Document(s). 
None of the Floating Charge Holder, the Trustee, the shareholders of the relevant 
Issuer, any Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider has any obligation to any 
Securityholder for payment and/or delivery of any assets by the relevant Issuer in 
respect of the Securities. 
(d) 
Issuer or Intermediary Option to Vary Settlement in respect of Physical Settlement 
Securities 
In respect of Physical Settlement Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may, elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement 
to the relevant Securityholders but in lieu thereof to make payment on the Maturity Date 
or Settlement Date (as applicable) to the relevant Securityholders of an amount in respect 
of each Security equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it considers 
appropriate. Notification of such election will be given to Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 18 (Notices). 
6. 
Dual Currency Security Provisions  
Where the Securities are Dual Currency Securities, then in order to determine amounts payable 
or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(a) 
in respect of any payments in respect of the Securities, convert the relevant payment 
amount (as otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of the General 
Conditions, this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or the applicable Issue Terms) 
from the Denomination Currency into the Relevant Currency by multiplying such 
amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the Valuation Date or, if more than one, 
the last occurring Valuation Date, relating to the date on which such payment is to be 
made; or 
(b) 
in order to determine any cash amounts due in respect of Physical Settlement Securities, 
convert any such cash amounts due from the Denomination Currency into the Relevant 
Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the 
Valuation Date relating to the date on which such delivery is to be made. 
Where: 
Denomination Currency means the currency of the Security, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate means any Underlying which is an FX Rate and as is 
designated as the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant payment and/or delivery in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 683 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
657
 
Relevant Currency means the currency in respect of payments and/or deliveries, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
RATE FALLBACK PROVISIONS 
7. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 shall apply in the circumstances specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8. 
7.1 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Relevant Agent determines 
that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate, the Relevant Agent 
will:  
(i) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and 
(ii) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(a) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement Reference 
Rate;  
(b) 
determine such other amendments to the Securities and/or any Charged 
Agreement relating to the Series which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment 
Spread); and 
(c) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and such other adjustments will become effective in relation to the 
relevant Securities and/or any Charged Agreement,  
PROVIDED THAT, as an alternative to the procedure described in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
above, the Relevant Agent may instead: (A) determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or 
other amendments to the terms of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the 
Series are required as a result of such Reference Rate Event (such determination being a No 
Adjustment Determination); or (B) make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities 
and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series as it determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the effect of such Reference Rate Event (the RRE Adjustments). 
Provided that the Relevant Agent has fully determined for purposes of the Securities, as 
applicable, (i) a Replacement Reference Rate and the related timing and amendments to the 
Securities or (ii) the relevant RRE Adjustments, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of 
such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest effective 
date for the relevant replacement and amendments or the relevant adjustments, as applicable. 
The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
in accordance with General Condition 18 (Notices). Failure by the Relevant Agent to notify the 
Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of any such determination will not 
affect the validity of any such determination. 
Where "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and if: 
(1) 
the Relevant Agent has not made a No Adjustment Determination and the Relevant 
Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to determine any 
RRE Adjustments; or 
(2) 
the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a Replacement Reference Rate; or

--- Page 684 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
658
 
(3) 
the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
calculate an Adjustment Spread, 
the Issuer may redeem the Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Security 
shall be redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount and the 
Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance 
with General Condition 18 (Notices). 
7.2 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become 
effective pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 7.1 above, the relevant Reference Rate 
is required for any determination in respect of the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement 
relating to the Series and at that time, no replacement or amendments have occurred in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 7.1 and: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series to 
reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent to use the 
Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities and/or 
any Charged Agreement relating to the Series, the level of the Reference Rate shall be 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference 
Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable 
law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to any Counterparty and/or any Charged 
Agreement relating to the Series and/or to the Relevant Agent for the Securities to 
reference the Reference Rate or for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform 
its or their respective obligations under the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement 
relating to the Series, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Relevant 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the relevant 
Reference Rate (including any temporary substitute or successor rate) or the rate 
published at the relevant time on the last day on which the Reference Rate was published 
or was permitted to be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation (the Last 
Permitted Rate) or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the 
derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last Permitted Rate 
would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate is determined as any such 
substituted or successor rate, the Relevant Agent may determine such other amendments 
to the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series which it considers 
are necessary and/or appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with such substituted or successor rate. 
(iii) 
If the Relevant Agent determines the Reference Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(ii) above only, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer and/or any Counterparty of 
such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any 
such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 18. Failure by 
the Relevant Agent to notify the Issuer and/or any Counterparty or failure by the Issuer 
to notify the Securityholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any 
such determination. 
7.3 
Certain Defined Terms 
For the purposes of the above:

--- Page 685 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
659
 
Adjustment Spread means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Relevant Agent determines is required in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from 
(i) the Issuer to the Securityholders or (ii) the Securityholders to the Issuer, in each case that 
would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate. Any such adjustment may be an adjustment spread that would be applied for 
over-the-counter derivatives transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate in relation to 
the occurrence of an index cessation event or administrator/benchmark event in respect of such 
Reference Rate (howsoever described under the terms of the relevant transaction) and/or take 
account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any 
difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to 
the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined 
pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined for 
the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate for 
the longest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference 
Rate is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Rate, the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
Reference Rate Event means:  
(i) 
the Relevant Agent determines that (A) a material change in the relevant Reference Rate 
has occurred or will occur, or (B) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation 
in the provision of such Reference Rate has occurred or will occur and there is no 
successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Reference Rate, or 
(C) a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of or 
it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate in respect of the Securities and/or 
any Charged Agreement relating to the Series or any related hedging arrangements in 
respect of the Securities which are derivative transactions referencing the relevant 
Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
the Relevant Agent determines that any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of the relevant Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the relevant 
Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer and/or any Counterparty or the 
Relevant Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable 
law or regulation to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series; 
(iii) 
the Relevant Agent determines that it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use 
of the relevant Reference Rate in connection with the Securities and/or any Charged 
Agreement relating to the Series as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or 
changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without 
limitation, where the Issuer, any Counterparty the Relevant Agent or any other entity is 
required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of 
the Securities and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series and for any reason 
such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change 
in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence);  
(iv) 
the Relevant Agent determines that there has been a public statement or publication of 
information by the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national,

--- Page 686 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
660
 
regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) 
supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or another 
official body with applicable responsibility announcing that such Reference Rate is no 
longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be representative, of any underlying 
market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored; or 
(v) 
the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-
the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of 
standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will 
be replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions which reference such Reference Rate. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or 
other price source or rate that the Relevant Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Reference Rate, PROVIDED THAT the Replacement Reference Rate must 
be any one of the following: 
(i) 
where applicable, the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current 
Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate;  
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate (which may be 
formally designated, nominated or recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating Body, 
(b) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (c) ISDA or any other relevant 
trade association, working group, task-force or committee to replace the Reference Rate) 
which is recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard replacement for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate (which 
recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of (a) a publication by the relevant 
trade association, working group, task-force or committee, or (b) a press release, a 
member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms 
or otherwise by ISDA) (a Post-nominated Replacement Reference Rate); or 
(iv) 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback (which may include, without 
limitation, the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Relevant Agent or a rate calculated by the Relevant Agent in accordance with a 
methodology determined by the Relevant Agent) that the Relevant Agent determines to 
be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate. 
8. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions 
described below must be applied in the order shown below, in each case where applicable for 
the relevant interest rate and the event or circumstance. If the first applicable option shown does 
not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option 
set out below which does should be applied. Without limitation, the fallback provisions below 
may be applied in accordance with their terms in relation to any relevant interest rate which 
itself has been previously determined pursuant to these fallback provisions. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 shall apply in

--- Page 687 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
661
 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.2 to a Benchmark (whether such 
Benchmark is an interest rate or otherwise). 
8.1 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
The Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 shall 
apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies any Reference Rate to be applicable in respect 
of the Securities. 
For the purposes hereof and of the Reference Rate Event Provisions and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
Reference Rate means any interest rate (in each case howsoever described in the Conditions 
and/or any Charged Agreement relating to the Series and as amended from time to time pursuant 
to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions) and any rate defined or specified as a 
"Reference Rate" in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms (as 
amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions), 
which may include, without limitation, (i) any floating rate determined by reference to (a) 
Screen Rate Determination, (b) ISDA Determination, (c) SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
or (d) SOFR Floating Rate Determination, (ii) any swap rate, (iii) any Underlying which is a 
Rate, (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, or (v) a CMS Reference Rate and, in each case will, where 
appropriate and without limitation, include any related component or underlying rate (including, 
for the purposes of the 2021 Definitions any Underlying Benchmark, as defined therein), tenor 
or index rate. Where more than one Reference Rate is applicable in respect of the Securities, 
"Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to each such Reference Rate. Where a Reference 
Rate applies in respect of any relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to such Reference Rate in respect of the relevant 
period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event  
The provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 shall apply where the applicable 
Issue Terms specifies any Benchmark (as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3) to 
be applicable in respect of the Securities, PROVIDED THAT the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 do not apply to the relevant 
Benchmark as a result of the relevant event or circumstance.  
8.3 
Rate Conditions 
The provisions in respect of an Underlying which is a Rate set out in Underlying Schedule 13 
relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any Scheduled 
Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the provisions relating to 
the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions (the Underlying Rate 
Fallback Provisions) shall apply to any such Underlying, PROVIDED THAT neither the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 nor the 
provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 apply to the relevant rate as a result 
of the relevant event or circumstance. 
8.4 
Screen Rate Determination and ISDA Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SRD Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) and the ISDA Determination 
provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) shall apply where Screen Rate 
Determination and/or ISDA Determination (respectively) are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set 
out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 3 and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant 
event or circumstance.  
8.5 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination and SOFR Floating Rate Determination

--- Page 688 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
662
 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SFRD (Non-
Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(i), the SFRD (Index) 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(ii) and the SOFR Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(iii) shall apply where SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set 
out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 3 and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant 
event or circumstance.  
8.6 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment spread or 
factor, however defined) which the Relevant Agent determines are necessary or appropriate 
pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 7 and the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3: 
(a) 
shall be made without the need for any consent of the Trustee and/or Securityholders to 
the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market); 
(b) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or observation 
period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative matters) that the 
Relevant Agent decides are appropriate, (ii) the application of any adjustment factor or 
adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in the relevant provision and 
which may be positive or negative) and (iii) (subject to compliance with applicable laws 
and/or regulatory guidance in the relevant jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any 
increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) 
and/or benchmark(s); and 
(c) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate 
which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-
free rate" and which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be 
the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 8 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Relevant Agent is not 
obliged to make any adjustment or make any determination in relation to the Conditions if the 
effective date(s) of the relevant adjustment or determination would fall after the earlier of (i) the 
date the affected interest rate or Benchmark is no longer used as an interest rate or Benchmark 
for purposes of the Securities and (ii) the maturity, termination or expiry of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Issuer 
and/or the Relevant Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions 
in respect of the Securities as are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, 
Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event, or the occurrence of an event that 
causes the provisions in respect of relevant Underlyings which are Rates set out in Underlying 
Schedule 13 to apply (a Substitute or Successor Rate Event), as applicable, notwithstanding 
that such Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event 
or Substitute or Successor Rate Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date 
of the Securities. 
8.7 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred to in any 
of the paragraphs 8.1 to 8.6 above, inclusive, neither the Issuer nor the Relevant Agent will have

--- Page 689 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
663
 
any duty to monitor or enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of 
any such rate has occurred to which such provisions might apply. 
8.8 
Regulatory obligations 
If (a) it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to determine 
and calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 7, the Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions set out in Underlying Schedule 13, the 
provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3, the SRD Fallback Provisions in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a), the ISDA Determination provisions in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition or the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(c)(iii), the SOFR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.2(d)(iii), (each a Reference Rate Fallback Provision) (or it would be unlawful were a 
determination to be made at that time); or (b) it would contravene any applicable licensing 
requirements to determine a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or 
adjustment in accordance with any applicable Reference Rate Fallback Provision (or it would 
contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at that time); or (c) 
the Relevant Agent determines that an adjustment spread (however described in the Reference 
Rate Fallback Provisions) is or would be a benchmark, index or other price source whose 
production, publication, methodology or governance would subject the Relevant Agent to 
material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, then the Relevant 
Agent shall not be obliged to make the relevant determination or adjustment and may instead 
take any alternative action under the Conditions as it determines appropriate. 
9. 
Split Payment Conditions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms specify 
Split Payment Conditions to be applicable in respect of the Securities. 
9.1 
Fixed Rate Security (Split Payment Conditions) 
Where each of the Fixed Rate Security Provisions and Fixed Rate Security (Split Payment 
Conditions) is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the 
Securities, each reference to Calculation Amount used to determine any Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Security pursuant to the Conditions shall be deemed to be 
replaced with (a) if Fixed Rate Security (Split Payment Conditions) (CRE) is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the CRE Adjusted Calculation Amount or (b) if Fixed 
Rate Security (Split Payment Conditions) (EE) is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the EE Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
9.2 
Mandatory Early Redemption (Split Payment Conditions) 
(a) 
Adjustment to Calculation Amount 
Where each of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions and Mandatory Early Redemption 
(Split Payment Conditions) is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the Securities, each reference to Calculation Amount used to determine any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Security pursuant to the Conditions shall be 
deemed to be replaced with the EE Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Override Condition 
Where Mandatory Early Redemption Override Condition is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Securities, then notwithstanding the occurrence of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event followed by the payment of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the Securities shall not 
be fully redeemed or terminated and shall remain outstanding if any or more of the following 
applies:

--- Page 690 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
664
 
(i) 
if CRE Redemption Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the CRE Redemption Amount is payable on the relevant CRE Redemption Date 
falling after such Mandatory Early Redemption Date; and/or 
(ii) 
if an Interest Amount and/or Non-Contingent Interest Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Interest Amount and/or Non-Contingent Interest Amount 
(as applicable) is payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date and/or Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount Payment Date (as applicable) falling after such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date. 
9.3 
Redemption Amount (Split Payment Conditions) 
Where Redemption Amount (Split Payment Conditions) is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Securities, each reference to Calculation Amount used 
to determine the Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Security pursuant to the 
Conditions shall be deemed to be replaced with the EE Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
9.4 
Payment of CRE Redemption Amount 
Where CRE Redemption Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
addition to any (i) Mandatory Early Redemption Amount payable on a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and (ii) any Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date, the Issuer 
will pay the CRE Redemption Amount on the CRE Redemption Date. 
9.5 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 9: 
Capital Repayable Amount or CRE means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or, if different in respect of any amount(s) payable in the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Payment Date(s), such amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
CRE Adjusted Calculation Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or if none is so specified, the amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CRE 
CRE Coupon means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
CRE Redemption Amount means the amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CRE × CRE Coupon 
CRE Redemption Date means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Equity Amount or EE means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if 
different in respect of any amount(s) payable in the Issue Terms in respect of any Payment 
Date(s), such amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
EE Adjusted Calculation Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or if none is so specified, the amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × EE 
Payment Date(s) means the relevant Interest Payment Date(s), Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s), Redemption Date or other payment date(s).

--- Page 691 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
665
 
SECTION E.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s] []-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, varied or 
replaced from time to time, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the EU Prospectus Regulation). Consequently[, save as 
provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[]-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations 
made thereunder (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - The Issuer has determined the classification of the 
Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA- N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].3   
[[The Base Prospectus is scheduled to expire on 16 April 2026. The Issuer intends that the Base 
Prospectus will be updated on or prior to such date.] [The Base Prospectus is scheduled to expire on 16 
April 2026, but the Issuer anticipates that the Base Prospectus will be updated and replaced on or around 
[ ]]. The updated base prospectus will be available on [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3  
To insert notice if classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual").

--- Page 692 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
666
 
(www.luxse.com)] [the website of the London Stock Exchange (www.londonstockexchange.com)] [and] 
[the website of [] ([])].]4  
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities [during the period[s] []-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA) or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he Securities are not intended to be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA)/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on 
the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 
4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) 
FinSA.]5 
[The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of 
FinSA, and this Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Securities may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available to investors in 
Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer or 
distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither this Final Terms, nor the Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to FinSA.]6 
[The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). They are neither subject to 
authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA 
(FINMA), and investors in Securities will not benefit from protection under the CISA or 
supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer.]7 
[Include if the Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or similar objectives: the Underlying(s) of Securities may be described or marketed as having 
"green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives. Notwithstanding the use of 
such term(s), such Underlying(s) (or the administrator(s) thereof) (a) may not meet investors' objectives 
or expectations as regarding investments having such or similar labels or objectives and/or (b) may not 
fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding investments having such or other 
similar labels or objectives.] 
Final Terms dated [] 
[Ensemble Investment Corporation SA / Concerto Investment Corporation Limited]8 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[213800NJ3XBQ6WAELG95]/[549300LJF2WFSTBO7175] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Securities or 
Units of Tranche) Units of (specify principal amount of or number for each Unit)] [Title of Securities] 
Under the Secured Note and Certificate Programme 
[Subject as provided above, any]/[Any] person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities in 
any Member State of the EEA may only do so[: 
(a) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in item [11] of Part B below, provided such person 
is one of the persons mentioned in item [12] of Part B below and that such offer is made during 
 
4  
Include in respect of a Tranche of Securities for which the offer spans an update of the Base Prospectus. 
5  
Include if Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
6  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is not filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
7  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland. 
8  
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 693 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
667
 
the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any conditions relevant to the use 
of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(b) 
otherwise]9 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
None of the Issuer and any Dealer has authorised, nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer 
of Securities in any other circumstances. 
For the purposes hereof, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended). 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and no 
person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the CEA) and the rules of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission thereunder (the CFTC Rules). Furthermore, the Issuer has not registered and will not 
register as an "investment company" under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
Consequently, the Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged, resold, delivered or otherwise transferred 
except in an "offshore transaction" (as such term is defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S)) to persons that: (1) are not "U.S. persons" (as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) 
of Regulation S); (2) do not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA 
or any CFTC rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the avoidance 
of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified 
eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. person); (3) are not, 
and whose purchasing and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an 
employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other 
plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code; [and] (4) are not "United States persons" within the meaning of Section 
7701(a)(30) of the Code[; and (5) are not U.S. persons (as such term is defined in the final credit risk 
retention regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended)] (any such person falling within (1), (2), (3) [,/and] (4) [and (5)] immediately above, a 
Permitted Purchaser). If a Permitted Purchaser acquiring the Securities is doing so for the account or 
benefit of another person, such other person must also be a Permitted Purchaser. The Securities do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the CEA and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission under the CEA. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
transfers of Securities, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base 
Prospectus together with any Additional Selling Restrictions contained in item 8 of Part B below. Each 
purchaser and transferee of the Securities will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments, 
representations and agreements as set out in the section titled "Notice to Investors" in the Base 
Prospectus.  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The Securities are English Law Securities [A Summary of the Securities is annexed to this Final Terms.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
each relevant Schedule) [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] Underlying] in the Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
[[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank.] The Final Terms [will be] 
 
9  
Consider including this legend where a Non-exempt Offer of Securities is anticipated.

--- Page 694 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
668
 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] [has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body 
in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of 
the Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-exempt 
Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" mentioned in 
item [10] of Part B below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being a Member State 
of the EEA.]10 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 11 This Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] [up to, and including, [the later of] [the close of the offer period] [and] 
[the date of listing of the Securities]]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [and the translation of the Summary into [insert language 
required by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [] at []]. [In addition, this 
Final Terms is available [[on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [] at []]] [and] [insert 
method of publication required in any relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) and/or any jurisdiction in 
which the securities are admitted to trading.]] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final 
Terms will be published in the event that the Securities are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly 
offered)12.  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base 
Prospectus means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 16 April 
2025.]  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base 
Prospectus means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 16 April 
2025, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] ([the] Supplement [No. []]) [and a 
Supplement (No. []) dated [] (Supplement No. [] and, together with Supplement No. [], the 
Supplements)].] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the Open Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange: 
The Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt AG) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the multilateral trading facility of securitised 
derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX): The 
multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the EuroTLX): The multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the EuroTLX) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[The following alternative language applies if (i) the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date or under this Base Prospectus but prior to the 
publication of one or more supplements, (ii) a new Base Prospectus is published during the Offer Period 
of a Non-exempt Offer but prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Securities or (iii) a new Base Prospectus 
is published after the Offer Period of a Non-exempt Offer but prior to the Issue Date of the relevant 
Securities: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the Conditions) set forth under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" (including, 
 
10  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited 
with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
11  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank. 
12 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 695 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
669
 
for the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Schedule) [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to 
[the/each] Underlying] in the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus].  
[[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank.] The Final Terms [will be] 
and [the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the Original Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] 
[has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to 
Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the Securities to the public in Switzerland on the 
basis of the combination of this Final Terms and [the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the 
Original Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-
exempt Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" 
mentioned in item [10] of Part B below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being 
a Member State of the EEA.]13 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]14 This Final Terms must be 
read in conjunction with the Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original Base 
Prospectus], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [and are incorporated by reference into the 
Original Base Prospectus]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available 
on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus] and the Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original Base 
Prospectus] [and any further supplements up to, and including, [the later of] [the close of the offer period] 
[and] [the date of listing of the Securities]]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the 
offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [] at []]. The 
Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus [and the translation of 
the Summary into [insert language required by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]]] [is/are] 
available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on 
the website of the [] at []]. [In addition, this Final Terms is available [[on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [] at []]] [and] [] [insert method of publication required in 
any relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)].] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final 
Terms will be published in the event that the Securities are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly 
offered).  
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus: For the purposes hereof, Base Prospectus means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus 
in relation to the Programme dated 16 April 2025.]  
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Prospectus: 
For the purposes hereof, Base Prospectus means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus in relation 
to the Programme dated 16 April 2025, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] ([the] 
Supplement [to the Base Prospectus] [No.[]]) [and a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] (Supplement 
No. [] and, together with Supplement No.[], the Supplements to the Base Prospectus)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Original Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Original Base Prospectus means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus in relation to the 
Programme dated 16 April 2025.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Original Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Original Base Prospectus means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus in relation to the 
Programme dated 16 April 2025, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[ ]) dated [ ] ([the] 
Supplement [to the Original Base Prospectus] [No.[]]) [and a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] 
 
13  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited 
with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
14  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank.

--- Page 696 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
670
 
(Supplement No. [] and, together with Supplement No.[], the Supplements to the Original Base 
Prospectus)].]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms/Pricing Supplement.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Ensemble 
Investment 
Corporation 
SA][Concerto 
Investment Corporation Limited] 
 
(ii) 
Counterpart[y][ies] 
and 
specified office:  
[name and address][Not Applicable] 
(if both Swap Agreement and SL Agreement are applicable, 
include 
each 
Swap 
Counterparty/ies 
and 
SL 
Counterparty/ies) 
 
(iii) 
Credit Support Provider and 
specified office: 
[name and address][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Trustee and specified office: 
[The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c., 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate Street, London EC2N 4AG/specify other] 
2. 
(i) 
Type of Security: 
[Note[s]] [Certificate[s]] 
 
 
[Exercise 
style: 
the 
Certificates 
are 
[European 
style]/[Multiple Exercise] Certificates [and Automatic 
Exercise applies]] (applicable in the case where 
"Certificate[s]" is specified above") (if applicable, replace 
references in the Final Terms to redemption with references 
to termination, references to interest with references to 
coupon and references to maturity date with settlement date) 
 
 
[Notes, but referred to as "Certificates"] (if applicable, 
complete the Final Terms as if the Securities were Notes 
save to replace references in the Final Terms to "Note(s)" 
with "Certificates(s)", references to redemption with 
references to termination, references to interest with 
references to premium and references to maturity date with 
final termination date) 
 
(ii) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Class of Securities: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, specify details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Securities become 
fungible) 
 
(v) 
Date on which the Securities 
will be consolidated and form 
a single Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The [identify present Tranche] will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on []/[the Issue Date]]  
3. 
Specified Currency or currencies:  
[]/[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities. Specified 
Currency means:

--- Page 697 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
671
 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of the Specified Denomination (if 
applicable) and the Calculation Amount (the 
Denomination Currency): []  
 
 
(b) 
in respect of payments and/or deliveries (the 
Relevant Currency): []] 
4. 
[Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[Number of Securities]: 
 
 
(i) 
Class: 
[ ][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ] in principal 
amount of the Securities)]/[(each Unit consisting of [] 
Securities)] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[ ][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ] in principal 
amount of the Securities)] [per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount converted into the Relevant Currency at 
the Initial FX Rate, being [specify in Relevant Currency] in 
respect of the Aggregate Principal Amount. Initial FX Rate 
means []]/(each Unit consisting of [] Securities)] 
 
(iii) 
Tranche: 
[ ][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ] in principal 
amount of the Securities)]/[(each Unit consisting of [] 
Securities)] 
 
 
[The Securities are issued in Units. Accordingly, references 
herein to Units shall be deemed to be references to [[] in 
principal amount of the]/[a number of []] Securities and all 
references in the Conditions to payments and/or deliveries 
being made in respect of a Security shall be construed to 
such payments and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Unit] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate Principal 
Amount / Number of Securities in respect of each Tranche) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date](insert for fungible issues, 
if applicable)]/[[] per Security]/[] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in respect of 
each Tranche) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]/[Unit]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable for Notes – 
specify "Not Applicable" for Certificates) 
 
 
(in the case of Registered Securities, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be made) 
 
 
(For Securities admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be EUR1,000, unless 
any such Securities give the right to acquire any 
transferable securities or to receive a cash amount, as a 
consequence of their being converted or the rights conferred 
by them being exercised, provided that the Issuer is not the 
issuer of the underlying securities or an entity belonging to 
the group of the latter issuer) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[][Unit][per Certificate]

--- Page 698 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
672
 
 
 
(If the Securities are Notes with only one Specified 
Denomination, insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
 
 
(For Certificates, the Calculation Amount does not reflect a 
principal amount, but the term must be specified as it is 
necessary for use in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and other places.) 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[[]] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in respect of 
each Tranche) 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
8. 
[Maturity Date: 
(If the Securities are Credit Linked 
Notes, replace "Maturity Date" above 
with "Scheduled Maturity Date") 
[ ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 
[]][] where EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of Settlement Business 
Days following the [last occurring] Final Valuation Date] 
 
(If the Securities are Certificates, 
delete the above and insert the 
following: 
 
 
[Exercise Date(s): 
[Each] [Valuation Date]/[The Final Valuation Date] 
 
Settlement Date: 
[ ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 
[]][] where EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of Settlement Business 
Days following the [last occurring] Final Valuation Date]] 
9. 
Type of Securities: 
[[Fixed Rate Securities/Floating Rate Securities/CMS Rate 
Securities/Spread 
Securities/Inflation 
Rate 
Securities/Interim Performance Interest Securities/Twin 
Win Interim Performance Interest Securities/Reverse 
Interim Performance Interest Securities/Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount/Buy the Dip Securities] [and Range 
Accrual Securities/Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
/Multi-Chance Securities/Lookback Securities [(Memory 
Effect/Without Memory Effect)]]] [The Securities do not 
bear or pay any interest] [if an Interest Barrier Event [does 
not] occur[s] [and]][The Securities do not pay any Coupon 
Amount if a Coupon Barrier Event [does not] occur[s] 
[and]]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are applicable as 
specified in item 14[(iii)] below]  
 
 
The [Securities are Underlying Linked Securities and the] 
Redemption Amount of the Securities is determined in 
accordance with item 14(iv) [and, as the Underlying Linked

--- Page 699 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
673
 
Securities Redemption Provisions are applicable, item 
14(v)] below]  
 
 
The Securities are Cash Settled Securities [and/or may be 
Physical Settlement Securities] 
 
 
[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities] 
[In order to receive the Entitlement on the [Maturity 
Date]/[Settlement Date] (subject as provided in the 
Conditions), Securityholders should complete and 
deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with the 
Conditions in any event as it may not be known prior to 
the Cut-off Date whether the Securities will be cash 
settled and/or settled by physical delivery of the 
Entitlement] 
10. Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 14(i) below] 
 
 
[Investor Put as specified in item 14(ii) below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED SECURITIES AND EARLY 
REDEMPTION 
11. Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable – the provisions in the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule apply (subject as provided in any relevant 
Underlying Schedule)][Not Applicable other than as 
specified below in the relation to Early Redemption] 
 
(i) 
Underlying:  
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlyings(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or other 
identification 
number 
where 
available, 
including 
definitions, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security 
Index/Inflation 
Index/Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary Receipt/ETF Share/ Mutual 
Fund Interest/FX Rate (EMTA Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/[/]Proprietary 
Index/Dividend 
Futures 
Contract/Rate] 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest rates which are 
published on an Electronic Page may be specified) 
 
 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[] (specify for each Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Particulars in respect of each 
Underlying: 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Security Index)

--- Page 700 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
674
 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single Exchange Index/Multiple Exchange Index][Bond 
Index] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single Exchange Indices) 
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Single 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation Index 
Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[]][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Revision of level of 
Inflation Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
 
 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is specified, 
"No Revision" will be deemed to apply)] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing 
price][opening 
price][bid 
price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][] [per [insert unit]] of 
[insert commodity] on [the relevant Exchange/(specify other 
source)] [of the [relevant] Futures Contract for the [relevant] 
Delivery Date] as made public by [the [relevant] Exchange] 
on [the [relevant] Price Source]] [(specify price)][Fallback 
Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month][Either (i) the [First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant Valuation Date falls less than [[]] Commodity 
Business Days prior to the earlier of (A) the last trading day 
of the relevant [First/Second/Third/other] Futures Contract; 
or (B) the first day on which notice of intent to deliver in 
respect of the relevant [First/Second/Third/other] Futures

--- Page 701 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
675
 
Contract may be submitted (howsoever defined in the terms 
of the relevant Futures Contract and/or the rules of the 
relevant Exchange), the [First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month][specify date] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page][] 
 
 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source shall be the 
Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for Bullion 
Commodities in the Commodity Conditions is not 
applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[]  
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled Share) 
Component Share: [] 
Component Share Company: [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Partial Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(D) 
Depositary Receipt 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying 
Share 
Company: 
[]  
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(G) 
Underlying 
Share 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share)

--- Page 702 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
676
 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[]  
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[Scheduled Interim Valuation Date/Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date]] 
 
(D) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the value published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the value for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate 
comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[]] / [the product of [] 
and [[]] / [the quotient of [[]] (as numerator) and [[]] (as 
denominator)]]] (delete or combine as applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
[] 
 
- Base Currency: 
[] 
 
- Quote Currency: 
[] 
 
- Specified 
Financial Centres: 
[] 
 
- Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
(C) 
Dual 
Currency 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which purpose the 
Specified Valuation Date shall be (specify days) prior to (but 
excluding) each day on which payment is scheduled to be 
made under the Securities]] (specify for Dual Currency 
Securities where there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(D) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is [specify 
FX Rate.]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[]

--- Page 703 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
677
 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any fallback 
rates) 
 
 
[] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
[[] in respect of the First Fallback Reference Price] 
 
 
[[] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[]  
 
(E) 
Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(F) 
Settlement Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[]  
 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement Business 
Days: 
[]  
 
(H) 
Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[] consecutive calendar days  
 
(I) 
Dual 
Currency 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which purpose the 
Specified Valuation Date shall be [(specify days)] prior to 
(but excluding) each day on which payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities]] (specify for Dual Currency 
Securities where there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(J) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is [specify 
FX Rate.].] 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
(This may not include an index composed or provided by the 
Issuers, by any legal entity belonging to their group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of Issuers.) 
 
(A) 
[Index Sponsor: 
For the purposes hereof, the Index Sponsor in respect of the 
Proprietary Index is the Index Administrator (as defined in 
the Index Conditions)] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
(Specify for each Proprietary Index) [As defined in 
Proprietary Index Condition 1/A Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be an "Index Business Day" as defined in the Index 
Conditions]] 
 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(B) 
Relevant Price: 
["daily settlement price"/"final settlement price"][see 
specified item []]  
 
[Rate(s):

--- Page 704 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
678
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [] (specify 
each)] [A U.S. Government Securities Business Day]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each 
type of Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable.) 
 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional Adjustment Events 
and Additional Early Redemption Events in respect of each 
type of Underlying, either the Additional Adjustment Events 
or the Additional Early Redemption Events (with the option 
to specify the Early Redemption Amount) must be 
applicable. Alternatively, both the relevant Additional 
Adjustment Events and the Additional Early Redemption 
Events may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Additional Adjustment Events should not be disapplied at 
the same time as the Additional Early Redemption Events.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow][Loss of Stock 
Borrow][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Security 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Security 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date []]  
 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-
off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[]]

--- Page 705 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
679
 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-
off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant 
Payment Date) 
 
(C) 
Revision 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-off 
date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant Payment 
Date) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 5: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Inflation 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(b): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Commodity 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Commodity Index Substitution is Applicable:

--- Page 706 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
680
 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[]/As determined 
by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity Condition 1 
(Definitions) shall apply/[]]/Not Applicable 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, the 
Commodity Dealers shall be four leading dealers in the 
relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not applicable to the 
Securities, specify Not Applicable) 
(B)
Disruption Event(s):
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) applies]
[Disappearance of Commodity Price]
[Material Change in Content]
[Material Change in Formula]
[Price Source Disruption]
[Tax Disruption]
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional futures/options 
contracts)] 
 
(C) 
Disruption 
Fallback(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback) applies.] 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply, in the following 
order: 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Price (specify alternative Commodity 
Price)] 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers]
[Delayed Publication and Announcement]
[Postponement]
[Calculation Agent Determination]
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Events: 
[Abandonment of Scheme (N.B. only applicable where the 
Underlying is an emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Reference 
Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Corporate 
Action: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is Applicable:

--- Page 707 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
681
 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Merger 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Tender 
Offer: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
De-stapling 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is Applicable: 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event is Applicable: 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event(s): 
[Corporate Action]  
[Insolvency] 
[Merger Event]  
[Nationalisation]  
[Tender Offer] 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]]]

--- Page 708 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
682
 
(repeat as necessary for each Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event(s)) 
 
(D) 
Dividend Adjusted 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of [insert relevant 
Share] as [Interest Underlying(s)[,/and/or] [Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying(s)] [,/and/or] [Redemption 
Underlying(s)] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Dividend Screen Page: [] 
 
 
Start Date: [Interest Strike Date] [,/and] [Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date] [,/and] [Redemption Strike Date] 
[,/and] [] 
The Underlying Closing Level on the Start Date is [the Price 
on the Start Date]/[] 
 
 
Target Dividend: [] 
 
 
Applicable Percentage: []  
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Depositary Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria: Depositary 
Receipt: [Same Underlying Share and Currency/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying Share: [Reference Index/As determined by 
Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 709 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
683
 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
ETF 
Share 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related Index. [To specify 
unless limb (b) of "Related Index" is being relied on: For 
which purpose, the Related Index is []] (specify for each 
ETF Share where there is a basket of ETF Shares)/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]]

--- Page 710 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
684
 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - Delisting is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Insolvency: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - Insolvency 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender Offer: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange 
Traded 
Fund 
(ETF) 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action is Applicable:

--- Page 711 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
685
 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the AUM 
Threshold is [] (specify AUM Threshold if different to the 
Conditions)]
[Holding Ratio Change]
[Limitation Event]
 
 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger Percentage, if 
applicable)]
[New Information Event]
[Non Currency Redemption]
 
 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which purpose [] 
shall be a relevant party] (specify other relevant party (if 
any))]
[Asset Trigger Event]
 
 
[Delisting] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria: [Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest. For which purpose, the Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest Criteria is: 
[Liquidity]
[Similar Strategy]
 
 
[Same Currency] 
 
 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]]]  
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable:

--- Page 712 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
686
 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Adviser Resignation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Adviser Resignation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
] 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination is 
Applicable:

--- Page 713 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
687
 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [] 
Secondary Rate: [] 
Price Materiality Percentage: []] 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[]] per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback Reference Rate 
[and the Second Fallback Reference Rate]/ []]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related First Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [] 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: []

--- Page 714 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
688
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [] 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: []] 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related Second Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [] 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [] 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [] 
 
(iv)
Second Fallback Electronic Page: []]
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination]
 
 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and the order 
in which they apply) 
 
(C) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each FX Rate 
where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
(This may not include an index composed or provided by the 
Issuers, by any legal entity belonging to their group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of Issuers.) 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
– 
[Component 
Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight]

--- Page 715 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
689
 
 
– 
[Component 
Disrupted Day:] 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a Component 
shall be a "Disrupted Day" as defined for such Component 
in the Index Conditions] 
 
– 
[Component 
Scheduled Trading 
Day:] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a "Scheduled Trading Day" as defined 
for such Component in the Index Conditions]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(A): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Trade Date: 
[]

--- Page 716 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
690
 
 
(v) 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Underlying RMB Currency 
Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
Other provisions relating to an RMB Currency Event 
 
– 
[RMB 
Relevant 
 
Currency: 
[] 
 
– 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency Valuation 
Time: 
[] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Spot 
Rate Screen Page: 
[] 
 
– 
RMB 
Settlement 
Centre: 
[] (Specify)/ [Hong Kong]] 
 
(vi) 
Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Section 871(m) Event (Hedging): Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Material Increased Cost: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 717 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
691
 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(xiv) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Counterparty 
Regulatory 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(xv) 
Investor Put for taxation 
reasons pursuant to Condition 
8(c) 
(Redemption 
for 
Taxation Reasons at the 
Option of the Securityholders 
and Redemption for Force 
Majeure, 
Act 
of 
State, 
Illegality or Impossibility) of 
the General Conditions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ANY INTEREST AMOUNT, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
AND ANY ENTITLEMENT DELIVERABLE 
(In the case of Certificates and Notes that are titled "Certificates", each reference below to "interest", 
"Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" (and related 
expressions) shall be changed to (in the case of Certificates) "coupon amount", "Coupon Payment Date", 
"Coupon Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in the case of Notes that are titled 
"Certificates") to "premium", "Premium Payment Date", "Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and 
"Premium Underlying".) 
12. Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Securities do not 
bear or pay interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event or Interest Lock-in Event, 
repeat item and insert: In respect of (insert 
Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event or Interest 
Lock-in Event as applicable):] 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Strike 
Level, 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s), 
Interest 
Amount/Rate, IPR, Interest Payment 
Date(s), Specified Interest Valuation 
Date(s), Lower Interest Barrier Level, 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, Interest 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified 
Interest 
Barrier Observation Date: 
[See Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Non-Contingent Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
[] per Security 
 
(B) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount Payment Dates: 
[] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding/Following] 
Business Day Convention]

--- Page 718 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
692
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Strike Dates 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred][the 
Performance-Linked 
Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Interest Strike Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [] [and []] [[
] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Interest 
Underlying which is not a Disrupted Day for that 
Interest Underlying from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] [ ]] (where a different Specified 
Interest Strike Date applies for any Interest 
Underlying, specify for each Interest Underlying) 
 
[Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [ ] (where a 
different Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date 
applies for any Interest Underlying, specify for 
each Interest Underlying)] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest, 
Interim Performance Provisions and 
provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest: 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event, Interest Amounts or Interest 
Lock-in Event, repeat item and insert: In respect of 
(insert Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, 
Interest Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event, 
Interest Amount or Interest Lock-in Event as 
applicable):] 
 
(A) 
Interest Underlying: 
[[]] [The Underlyings specified in item 12 above] 
[and [each] such Interest Underlying shall be an 
Interim Outperformance [A/B] Underlying (specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Underlying 
where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions)] 
 
(B) 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Interest Underlying/All of the Interest 
Underlyings/Any Interest Underlying/The Interim 
Performance Underlying/Each Interest Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [ ] Interest 
Underlyings/Not Applicable)] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 719 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
693
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked

--- Page 720 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
694
 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with [] highest 
(or [ ] equal [highest / lowest]) 
Interim Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 721 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
695
 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
highest)]] (repeat and complete this subparagraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 722 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
696
 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
lowest)] (repeat and complete this subparagraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 723 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
697
 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 724 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
698
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with [] highest (or [] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 725 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
699
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 726 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
700
 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 727 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
701
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with [] highest (or [] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn
 
 
[] 
[]%

--- Page 728 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
702
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 729 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
703
 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary)

--- Page 730 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
704
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying Return 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: []]

--- Page 731 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
705
 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Single 
Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: []] 
 
Single 
Cap 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: []] 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: []] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Interest Threshold Percentage: []% 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Performance Percentage: 
[]%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single Target Underlying Performance (Barrier 
Event [Not] Satisfied) Percentage: []] (repeat if 
necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis 
Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: []%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies:
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer
Oasis Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage
1.
Best Oasis Performer 1
[]%
2
Best Oasis Performer 2
[]%
 
(repeat, as necessary, for 
each Best Oasis 
Performer up to Best 
Oasis Performer X)
 
[X.]
Best Oasis Performer [X]
[]%

--- Page 732 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
706
 
 
 
(G) 
Cliquet 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Product] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject to a 
[Maximum Period Performance] [and] [Minimum 
Period Performance] [of [ ]%] [and [ ]%, 
respectively]. 
 
 
B is equal to [].] 
 
 
A is equal to [].] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 733 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
707
 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]] 
[Insert 
the 
following 
if 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer: Highest 
(or equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or 
equal lowest) [positive] integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Multiple: [] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to]

--- Page 734 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
708
 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: []]] 
 
XII. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph if N/A) 
 
 
[Cliquet A] [Cliquet B] [Cliquet C] [Cliquet A 
Absolute] [Cliquet B Absolute] [Cliquet C 
Absolute] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B or Cliquet B 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest applies. 
 
 
U means []. 
 
 
Number 
of 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet 
B 
Highest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest applies. 
 
 
U means []. 
 
 
Number 
of 
Specified Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet 
B 
Lowest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat rows for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Interest Target: [] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Decimal: []]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable:

--- Page 735 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
709
 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Cap: [] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Floor: []] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable delete remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 736 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
710
 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Initial Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant 
Interest Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Date/Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike 
Date IPD/ Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date 
IVD/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/(specify (in table format, where 
appropriate) for each Interest Underlying)] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Interest Strike Dates will need to be specified) 
 
 
(repeat this subparagraph as necessary in respect 
of each Interest Barrier Event and Performance-
Linked Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[Interest Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Interest 
Initial 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] []/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Interest Reference Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing 
Level on Interest Valuation Date/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Interest 
Valuation Dates] (specify for each Interest 
Underlying) 
(repeat 
this 
sub-paragraph 
as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked Interest Amount (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(v) 
Provisions relating to an Interest 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Barrier Event: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date/Interest Valuation Date and/or 
Interest Underlying, as appropriate): [Interest

--- Page 737 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
711
 
Barrier Event European Observation/ Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Interest Barrier Event American 
Performance Observation/Interest Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Interest 
Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level/Interest Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies.] (repeat sub paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Interest Barrier Event Lock-
In: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Provisions relating to the rate or 
amount of interest due 
 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
 
II. 
Lookback 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[Applicable only in 
respect of the Interest Amount[s] payable in respect 
of the following Interest Payment Date[s]: []] 
[Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: []]] 
[Without 
Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: []]] 
 
III. 
Multi-Chance 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[OR: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
II. 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities: 
[Applicable. For which purpose: 
Range Accrual Determination Date means 
[Business Day/calendar day] 
 
 
Range Accrual Value What You Can 
Observation: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Move in Block Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 738 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
712
 
 
 
Cut-off Number means [] Business Days 
 
 
/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[[] in each year]/[] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
IV. 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[] per Security, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] []][As set out in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule] 
 
V. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Security, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] []] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Interest Amount)] 
 
VI. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies 
where the Securities are Range Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate 
applies where the Securities are Range Accrual 
Securities) 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[1/1] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies where 
the Securities are Range Accrual Securities) 
 
VII. [Determination Dates: 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 739 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
713
 
 
I. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/ [ ] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
II. 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ other (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Manner in which the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination]  
 
IV. 
Party responsible for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[] 
 
 
V. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
VI. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[insert 
currency][EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/R
OBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR][BBSW (being the Sydney 
average 
mid 
rate 
for 
AUD 
bills 
of 
exchange)][BKBM (being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set 
out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[(Specify e.g. any relevant Valuation Date(s))/[[]] 
day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in [[]] prior to the 
start of each Interest Period/First day of each 
Interest Period/[[]] day on which the T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
VII. 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note 
that the Conditions have been reviewed in relation 
to Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 2021

--- Page 740 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
714
 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[ ][First day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(Specify for a Compounded/Average Floating Rate 
Option, an Overnight Floating Rate Option which 
has an Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging 
Method or a Compounded Index Floating Rate 
option) [The first day of the next following Interest 
Period (other than the Final Interest Period, in 
which case, the Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date)/Arrears Setting] (Specify the first 
option if Arrears Setting applies under the 2021 
Definitions and the second option under the 2006 
Definitions) [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] Business Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period 
End Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such 
dates, in which case delete the reference to 
Business Day Convention so that relevant ISDA 
fallbacks relating to Business Day Conventions 
will apply) 
 
 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
Payment 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] [] (specify 
any other adjustment that should apply) 
 
 
Period 
End 
Date/Terminati
on 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 741 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
715
 
 
 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback 
or Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
 
- 
[Average 
Rate 
Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or 
in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [ ] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day 
of the next following Interest Period or in the case 
of the final Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] 
(Only include if the 2006 Definitions apply and the 
specified Floating Rate Option is a Published 
Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 742 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
716
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate 
and Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[ ]] (Only relevant where an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or the "Index 
Provisions" are specified as Applicable. If not 
included this will be the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction) 
 
 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Index 
Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected if 
the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded Index Method/Compounded Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is to 
be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []]] 
 
- 
[Day Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Interest Period(s) to which 
this applies and Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table]

--- Page 743 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
717
 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=][Not Applicable][As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not apply: 
Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end of each 
Interest Period] [Insert where Index Determination 
applies: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date for which purpose 
"Relevant Number" means [insert number being 
two or greater]] [][As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table] 
 
IX. 
SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/SOFR OIS Compounding/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift][As 
set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify not applicable where Index Determination 
is applicable) 
 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days][As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table]  
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SOFR OIS Compounding or Index 
Determination is applicable. N.B. must be at least 
two such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index 
Determination: 
Second 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date][As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End

--- Page 744 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
718
 
Date and Relevant Number means [insert number 
being two or greater]] 
 
 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
X. 
Linear Interpolation:
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
XI. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of the 
[Screen Rate]/[ISDA Rate]/[SONIA Floating 
Rate]/[SONIA 
Index 
Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR 
Floating Rate]/[SOFR Index Floating Rate][[+/-][
] per cent. per annum] 
 
XII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate: 
[[]/See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] (insert 
for Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
 
XIII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate: 
[[]/See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] (insert 
for Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
 
XIV. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis] (May be selected only if 
the 2006 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Calculation/252] 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] (May be selected only if the 
2021 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
(See Valuation and Settlement Condition 4 for 
alternatives and, where applicable, match Day 
Count Fraction set out in the ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix) 
 
(C) 
CMS Rate Security: 
[Applicable]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 745 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
719
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) in relation to 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities: 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 10(e) (Business 
Day Convention))]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, [ ]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 10(e) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
III. 
Party responsible for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[] 
 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
V. 
CMS Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] [month[s]/year[s]] 
[] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market Swap Rate) 
[ ][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
4.7 (Definitions) 
[ ][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Definitions) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] [] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] []

--- Page 746 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
720
 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
VI. 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
VII. 
Margin [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
X. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 747 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
721
 
 
XI. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Interest Participation 
Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
XIII. 
Interest Participation 
Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate (as applicable) 
for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 1 / 
Specified Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] in each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][
] per cent. per annum] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and there is more than one Margin 
1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in 
respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Margin 2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/no
t adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] (repeat 
as required) 
[ ] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[

]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required)

--- Page 748 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
722
 
 
 
(D) 
Spread Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) in 
relation to 
Spread 
Securities: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period from, 
and including, [] to but excluding, []] [] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [] 
to, and including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 10(e) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to, and including, [
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General Condition 
10(e) (Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period End 
Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if required) 
 
IV. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VI.  
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if more than 
one by inserting a Rate Table below)

--- Page 749 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
723
 
 
VII. 
Relevant Spread 
Rate: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread Cap] 
 
 
[Where Spread Cap is applicable, include the 
following sub-paragraphs: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
V% 
[] 
 
 
Multiplier: 
[] 
 
 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3]] 
 
VIII. 
Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum 
of two or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and, 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
or SOFR Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)  
 
 
Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Spread Rate 1 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum 
of two or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and,

--- Page 750 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
724
 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
or SOFR Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)  
 
 
Spread Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Spread Rate 2 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 3 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum 
of two or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and, 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
or SOFR Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)  
 
 
Spread Rate 3 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Spread Rate 3 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is determined 
by reference to provisions relating to Spread Security 
or specified as Spread Reference Rate)

--- Page 751 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
725
 
 
XIII. 
[Spread 
Reference Rate: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two and, in each case, whether each such rate is 
(a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA, 
Determination 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for each 
such rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required)]  
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: 
(delete if not applicable) 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate) [Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
applies] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination is applicable) [Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more than 
one interest rate, specify Interest Period End Dates to 
which each interest rate applies by inserting a 
Reference Rate Table below) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set out 
in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
[ ][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[ ][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)]

--- Page 752 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
726
 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[(specify)] day on which the T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 
(Definitions)] 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Screen 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that 
the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 2021 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option) 
 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last day 
of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or 
a Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The first 
day of the next following Interest Period (other than 
the Final Interest Period, in which case, the Reset Date 
will be the [Scheduled] Maturity Date/Arrears 
Setting] (Specify the first option if Arrears Setting 
applies under the 2021 Definitions and the second 
option under the 2006 Definitions) [subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] Business 
Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such dates, 
in which case delete the reference to Business Day

--- Page 753 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
727
 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating 
to Business Day Conventions will apply) 
 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
Payment Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] [] (specify any 
other adjustment that should apply) 
 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Business Day (for the purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions): 
[]] 
 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method" 
or 
"Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift or Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift) 
 
 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 754 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
728
 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
 
- 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]/[The day [ ] Applicable Business Days 
preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Period or in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] (Only include 
if the 2006 Definitions apply and the specified 
Floating Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
 
- 
[Day Count Basis: 
[ ]] (Only relevant where an "Observation Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or "Index Provisions" 
are specified as Applicable. If not included this will 
be the denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected if the 
2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] Compounded 
Index Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Not 
Applicable should be specified unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]]] 
 
- 
[Day Count Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction)

--- Page 755 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
729
 
 
ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Interest Period(s) to which 
this applies and the Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
[Margin (for the ISDA Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the ISDA 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
(insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate [1]"] (If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert heading "CMS Reference Rate 
1") 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 2"] (If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert this column) 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
[-Relevant Financial Centre:] (Insert if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market Swap 
Rate) 
[] 
[] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Minimum Reference Rate) [Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Maximum Reference Rate) [Maximum 
Reference Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below)

--- Page 756 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
730
 
 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below)] 
(insert table below if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate (Spread 
Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant Spread Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Securities] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Spread Rate] 
[Margin (Spread Interest Rate)] 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest Rate)] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / 
[] in each year [adjusted 
in accordance with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[No] 
[Option 
One] 
/ 
[Spread Cap] applicable 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][ ] per 
cent. per annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
(insert table below if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[Spread 
Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread 
Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for "Spread Rate 3 Margin", "Spread 
Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate" if different for each Interest Period. 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) and/or 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
Range Accrual 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [] 
to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 10(e) (Business Day 
Convention))]

--- Page 757 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
731
 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
 
II. 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(A)) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(B) 
above/CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(C) 
above] 
(specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table below) 
 
III. 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Dual Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Reference 
Observation [1] 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[if applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where there is more than one Reference 
Rate, whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period.] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, specify what the Reference Observation 
will be for each of Reference Observation 1 and 
Reference Observation 2 below and if Triple 
Reference Observation is specified to be applicable, 
specify what the Reference Observation will be for 
each of Reference Observations 1, Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 below] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable, Reference Observation 1) is different for 
each 
Interest 
Period, 
insert 
the 
Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
 
Barrier 
[1] 
(insert "Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier [1] is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal to 
the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert "Barrier 1" if Dual

--- Page 758 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
732
 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Lower Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Lower 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Upper 
Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Upper 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
One 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
12(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is

--- Page 759 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
733
 
Observation is 
applicable) 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or "Triple 
Reference Observation" is applicable) 
 
VII. 
[Reference 
Observation 2: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 2 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable, and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 2 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
2:] 
(insert if Barrier 
1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 2 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
2 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 2/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 2]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 2] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 760 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
734
 
if Lower Range 
2 is specified) 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 2] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
One 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2):] 
(insert 
if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is 
applicable) 
 
VIII. 
[Reference 
Observation 3: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 3 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where more than one Reference Rate 
whether the Barrier is different for each Reference 
Rate for each relevant interest period]

--- Page 761 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
735
 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 3 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
1 
is 
specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 3 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
3 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 3/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 3]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 3] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
12(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out in below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3):] 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)]

--- Page 762 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
736
 
(insert 
if 
applicable) 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
IX. 
Lev: 
[[ ]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Adj: 
[[ ]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
RA Cap: 
[[ ]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
RA Floor: 
[[ ]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. 
Protected Range 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[ ]%] [As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table] (Specify for each 
relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below)] 
 
XIV. 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
XV. 
Accrual 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of "Accrual Business Day", specify this if 
the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified 
number of Accrual Business Days. This is not 
applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off Date is the 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
XVI. 
Accrual Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default Accrual 
Cut-Off Date]  
(the "Accrual Cut-Off Date" is the specified number 
of calendar days or Accrual Business Days preceding 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period (Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date) and shall be five Accrual Days 
if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified) 
 
 
- 
Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[ ] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVII. 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable]

--- Page 763 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
737
 
(Include where Reference Observation is a basket of 
two or more Reference Rates) 
 
XVIII. Minimum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XIX. 
Maximum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
XXI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
Fixed 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate: 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
applies] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 764 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
738
 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
[Reference 
Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more than 
one interest rate, specify Interest Period End Dates to 
which each interest rate applies by inserting a 
Reference Rate Table below) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set out 
in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[ ][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[ ][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)] 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[(specify)] day on which the T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 
(Definitions)] 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Screen 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Screen Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
ISDA 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 765 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
739
 
[ISDA 
Determination: 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that 
the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 2021 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last day 
of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or 
a Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The first 
day of the next following Interest Period (other than 
the Final Interest Period, in which case, the Reset Date 
will be the [Scheduled] Maturity Date/Arrears 
Setting] (Specify the first option if Arrears Setting 
applies under the 2021 Definitions and the second 
option under the 2006 Definitions) [subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] Business 
Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such dates, 
in which case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating 
to Business Day Conventions will apply) 
 
 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] [] (specify any 
other adjustment that should apply)

--- Page 766 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
740
 
 
 
Period 
End 
Date/Terminati
on 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Business Day 
(for 
the 
purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[]] 
 
 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method" 
or 
"Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift or Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)

--- Page 767 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
741
 
 
- [Average Rate Fixing 
Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]/[The day [ ] Applicable Business Days 
preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Period or in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] (Only include 
if the 2006 Definitions apply and the specified 
Floating Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If Not 
Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be selected if the 
2021 Definitions are specified)/Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Not 
Applicable should be specified unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]]] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
ISDA 
Rate):] (delete 
[]

--- Page 768 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
742
 
if 
not 
applicable) 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
ISDA 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
(insert 
if 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
CMS 
Interest 
Rate) 
[CMS Interest 
Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 
[1]"] (If CMS Interest 
Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
 
Relevant Swap 
Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
[-Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] (Insert 
if 
Relevant 
Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is subject to a 
Minimum 
Reference Rate) 
[Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is subject to a 
Maximum 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 769 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
743
 
Reference Rate) 
[Maximum 
Reference Rate:
 
 
 
 
Margin [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Margin 2 (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
2 
(for 
CMS Reference 
Rate 2): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below)] 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable or, if more than one forward rate is applicable, as required) 
 
[Reference Rate Table]
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]
[Forward Rate] 
[Specified Time] 
Compounding 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] [(See 
General Condition 
10(e) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[] month [(the 
"Designated 
Maturity") (include 
where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate 
for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of 
exchange)]][insert 
details of implied 
forward rate] 
[]] 
[] 
 
[] 
[SONIA/SOFR 
Floating Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
(If applicable, include 
Compounding Table 
below) 
Compounding Table

--- Page 770 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
744
 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Rate 
Page 
Compounding 
Method 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period 
Index 
Determinatio
n 
Interest 
Determinatio
n Dates 
Daily Capped 
Rate and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
[(See General 
Condition 
10(e) 
(Business Day 
Convention))]
[SONIA] 
[SOFR]  
[] [Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
([Shift/Lag]) - 
Applicable] 
[SOFR] [OIS 
Compounding/Co
mpounding with 
Lookback/Compo
unding with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable] [
][U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[][As 
specified in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.7 
(Definitions)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped 
Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored 
Rate: []%] 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and 
there is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 
or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table]
CMS Reference Rate 1
CMS Reference Rate 2
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Margin 
1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1]
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Margin 
2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2]
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [] in 
each year [adjusted 
in accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-][
] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[]/ [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ [+/-][] 
per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest 
Periods, as required) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference rate][one[s]] 
[reference rate][two[s]] 
[Specified Rate 1]
[Specified Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]
[Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate]
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required)
[] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required)
[] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required)
[] / [Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required)
(Insert the table below if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different 
for each Interest Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table]
[Interest Period End Date(s)
[Reference Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]*
[Barrier] [Upper Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required)
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)]
*insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period if 
different 
(insert table below into if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, 
and if the Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 
2 and Lower Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table]
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Interest 
Rate] 
Accrual Condition 1
Accrual Condition 2
[Accrual Condition 3
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Upper 
Range 1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observation 2]*
[Upper Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Upper 
Range 3]

--- Page 771 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
745
 
[Reference 
Observation 
1]*
[Reference 
Observation 
3]*
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required)
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)]
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)]
*insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", "Reference Observation 2" 
under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 3" under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each 
Interest Period if different. 
(insert table below if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and/or "Protection Level" are different for each 
Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table]
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection Level
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table]
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]*
 
Reference Rate [One[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One)
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)]
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (See General 
Condition 10(e) 
(Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: [] month[s] 
[(the Designated Maturity) 
(include where Linear 
Interpolation is applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for New 
Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)]]
[Floating Rate Option: []] 
month[s] (the Designated 
Maturity) []] 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] (the Designated 
Maturity) [EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
Reference Currency: []]
[] 
[] 
[] 
[Reference Rate Ones]
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)]
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two)
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)]
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)]
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period

--- Page 772 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
746
 
 
(F) 
Inflation Rate Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest Amount 
Inflation Index: 
(specify Underlying) 
 
II.  
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
 
III. 
UCL 
Numerator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date):] [[] months/[] [Reference Month: 
[]]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by inserting 
a table below as appropriate) 
 
IV. 
UCL 
Denominator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date):] [[] months/[] [Reference Month: 
[]]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by inserting 
a table below as appropriate) 
 
V. 
UCL 
Adjustment: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date):] [[+/-][]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by inserting 
a table below as appropriate) 
 
VI. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
[VII. 
IPR: 
[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Type of Interim Performance Interest Security: [Twin 
Win/Reverse] Interim Performance Security][if an 
Interest Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(H) 
Buy the Dip Securities 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Coupon Rate: [[] per cent.]/[See Table below]  
 
(I) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 773 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
747
 
 
(vii) 
Interest 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable][The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) [apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/ Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable] [The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(d)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
TABLE 
[[Interest 
[Period] 
Strike Level] 
[Specified 
[Interest] 
Valuation 
Date(s)/[UCL 
Numerator] 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[1] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Level 
[2] 
(%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest Lock-
in 
Level 
(%)/[UCL 
Adjustment 
[Specified 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date/[UCL 
Denominator] 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate
] if an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[and 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] 
[and] 
[in 
each 
case][Minimu
m 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
Interest 
[Amount/Ra
te] 
if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] 
in 
respect 
of 
the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[and 
the relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] [and] 
[in 
each 
case][Minim
um Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[IPR/FX 
Performance/
Interest 
Adjustment/Z
%/Coupon 
Rate] 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[[] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[]  
[Interest 
[Period] Initial 
Level] 
(specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
underlying, 
performance-
linked interest 
amount, 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
and 
Interest 
Period, where 
different and as 
appropriate) 
[[]  
[Reference 
Month: []] 
[[

] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to []] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
[greater 
than 
[(or equal to)] [
]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] []% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] []% 
of the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[greater than 
[(or 
equal 
to)] [ ]% 
and less than 
[(or 
equal 
to)] []% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
[]] [greater 
than] 
[greater than 
or equal to] 
[less 
than] 
[greater 
than 
(or equal to) [
]% and less 
than (or equal 
to) [ ]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] []% 
of the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[[] 
[Reference 
Month: []] 
[[

] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to []] 
Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
[[[][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)[(G)/ [
]] above] [The 
amount (if any) 
determined as 
provided 
in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] if 
[[[ ][%] 
[per annum 
payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-
annually 
/ 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly 
/ 
other 
(specify)]] in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)[(G)/ [
]] above] 
[The amount 
(if 
any) 
[IPR: []] 
[FX 
Performance [
]]: 
[Interest 
Adjustment: 
[ ] [Barrier 
Event 
Applicable: 
Barrier Event 
Satisfied 
Interest 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where EMTA 
provisions are 
applicable 
in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following 
the 
[last occurring] 
Interest

--- Page 774 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
748
 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)][ 
]]  
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)]] 
]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
] 
(specify 
where different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
[less than or 
equal to] [
]% 
of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
]the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
[] (specify 
where 
different for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance
-Linked 
Interest 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
] 
(specify 
where different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings) 
[UCL 
Adjustment: [
]] 
Disrupted Day 
[for 
any 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)] 
 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [ ]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [] ] / [

] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[]] [or (ii) if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [] 
[or 
more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[ ]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where 
the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each 
case, 
specify 
as 
necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
determined 
as provided 
in Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] 
if an Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: []] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [] ] / 
[ ] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [
] Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ]] 
[or (ii) if an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [
] [or more] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ]] 
(specify 
for 
the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) where the 
Securities 
are 
Multi-
Chance 
Securities] 
(in 
each 
case, specify 
as necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
Adjustment: [
]. 
Barrier Event 
Not 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
].]] 
[Z: []%]  
(in each case, 
specify 
alternatives 
where 
an 
interest barrier 
event 
has 
occurred 
or 
has 
not 
occurred, 
if 
applicable) 
Valuation Date 
relating to such 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(specify for each interest payment date and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable 
columns as necessary where there are different Interest Barrier Events occurring in respect of different Interest Payment Dates 
resulting in different Interest Amounts payable) 
 
 
13.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– the Early Redemption Amount shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount, subject as provided in 
the Conditions]/Not Applicable [– the Early 
Redemption Amount shall be as set out in General 
Condition 8(g) (Early Redemption Amount)]] 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Amortised Face 
Amount applies] 
(If not applicable or if no Amortised Face Amount 
applies or Calculation Agent Determination of 
Amortised Face Amount applies, delete the remaining 
sub paragraphs of this item)

--- Page 775 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
749
 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] [per cent. per annum]] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Determination Dates shall be [] in each year] 
14.
Redemption Provisions: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
Optional Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[] 
[]] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(i)(A) above]  
 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Security 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Security 
 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer, the Trustee 
and the Principal Paying Agent). 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 776 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
750
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
(Repeat as necessary) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[] 
[]] 
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ]per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(ii)(A) above] 
 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer, the Trustee 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
 
(D) 
Optional 
Partial 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
General: 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Level, Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date, 
Specified MER Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation 
Date, 
Lower 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
Upper 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified MER Barrier 
Observation Date, MER 
Amount, 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount and 
Lower Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount, 
MERPR, MERPR Call, 
MERPR Put, MER Date, 
MER 
Coupon, 
MER 
See Table below

--- Page 777 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
751
 
Coupon Payment Date 
(as relevant): 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike 
Date: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] [Not Applicable][] [and 
[]]] [[] Scheduled Trading Days prior to []] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [
] to [(but excluding) [(and including)] []] (where a 
different Specified Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Date applies for any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying, specify for each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying) 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [] 
(where a different Specified Mandatory Early 
Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date applies for any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, specify for 
each Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying)] 
 
[Specified Early Exit 
MER 
Barrier 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s)]:] [[]] [[] Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to []] [Each Scheduled Trading Day [for 
all the [Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings] 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings] which is 
not a Disrupted Day [for any [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying] 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying]] from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] 
[] to [(but excluding)] [(and including)][]]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary)] 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
Mandatory Early Redemption, 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions and levels 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying: 
[[]] [The Underlyings specified in item 12 above] 
[and [each] such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying shall be an Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance [A/B] Underlying (specify for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions)] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 778 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
752
 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or, as the case may be, each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event) 
 
(C) 
[Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or, as the case may be, each Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event)] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 779 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
753
 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 780 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
754
 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[]%
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with [ ] 
highest (or [] equal [highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[] 
[]%
[] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
[] 
[]%
 
II. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 781 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
755
 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where Nth means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the highest)]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 782 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
756
 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has

--- Page 783 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
757
 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where Nth means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the lowest)] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 784 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
758
 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions 
for 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 785 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
759
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with highest (or equal highest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[]%
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with [ ] highest (or [ ] equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemptio
Outperformance A Underlying) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out below
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn
[] 
[]%
[] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemptio
Outperformance A Underlying) 
[] 
[]
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 786 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
760
 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 787 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
761
 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions 
for 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 788 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
762
 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with highest (or equal highest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[]%
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with [ ] highest (or [ ] equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[]%
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out below
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
[] 
[]%
[] 
[]%

--- Page 789 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
763
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III.  
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 790 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
764
 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 791 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
765
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] [and] 
[the Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
[if a MER Redemption Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] [Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date/Closing Level on MER Re 
Strike Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest 
Closing Level on Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/Highest Closing 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates/(specify, in table form, 
where appropriate, for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates will need 
to be included) 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
[MER Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] []/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether a MER Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance 
Amount] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant MER Underlying]:]:] [Closing Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day Level 
on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions relating to a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 792 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
766
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, MER Underlying and/or Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
– 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Event European Observation 
[(for which purpose: Autocall Memory Event: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation/Mandatory Early Redemption Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation – Closing Level/Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event American Observation – 
Intra-Day 
Level/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – 
Closing Level [(for which purpose: Autocall Memory 
Event: Applicable/Not Applicable)]/Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Target Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event and, for which 
purpose: 
 
 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
(Capped) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Threshold Amount: (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount) 
[[Include/Exclude] Any Interest Amount 
Due on Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[Include 
Any 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
Applicable 
(delete 
if 
not 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset MER Barrier 
Level or Latest Reset MER Barrier Level:  
Reset MER Floor Level: [ ]/[See Table 
below] 
[Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[Performance 
Product 
Base 
Level: 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Strike Level of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)]/[
]]

--- Page 793 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
767
 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if 
appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER 
Date 
and/or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [] Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or MER Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[(B) 
Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event]:] [Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event European Observation/Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event American Observation – Closing Level/ Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation – 
Intra-Day Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event American One-
Touch 
Observation 
– 
Intra-Day 
Level/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event]:] 
[Early Exit MER Barrier Level: [ ]/[See Table 
below]] 
[Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level: []/[See Table 
below]] 
[Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level: []/[See Table 
below]] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date, 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying and/or Early Exit 
MER Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable))] 
 
Provisions relating to a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Underlying and/or MER Date]:] [Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early

--- Page 794 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
768
 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Underlying and/or MER 
Date) 
 
(B) 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [greater than] [greater than or equal to] 
[less than] [less than or equal to] [[]%] [of [the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying / [ ] (specify, in table format, where 
appropriate where different for different Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlyings)]/Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying and/or MER Date) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier Percentage is Not 
Applicable: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See MER 
Amount in Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage 
is 
Applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See Table 
below/Not Applicable] 
 
II.  
Lower 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See Table 
below Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Put Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 795 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
769
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Call Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs)] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 796 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
770
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Call Spread – 
Put 
Spread 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs)] 
 
Call Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Call Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [] 
 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Call: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 797 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
771
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Put: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Twin 
Win 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs)] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(D) 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Snowball 
Accrual Rate: 
[] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Snowball 
Accrual Relevant 
Percentage: 
[] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Denominator: 
[] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Snowball 
Accrual Period: 
[The period commencing on [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [] and ending on [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ] [the first Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date in respect of 
which a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred]] 
[] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
V. 
Snowball 
Accrual Day: 
[Each calendar day]/[] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 798 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
772
 
 
[(E) 
Early Exit MER Amount: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] []/See Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption 
Coupon: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [See MER Coupon in Table below/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying Valuation Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable][The 
provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/[ ]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight] [Not Applicable]  
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
TABLE 
MER 
Strike 
Level 
Specified 
MER 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
Valuation 
Date 
[Early 
Exit] 
[Lower 
/ 
Upper] 
MER 
Barrier 
Level (%) 
[Reset 
MER 
Floor 
Level (%) 
Specified 
MER 
Barrier 
Observati
on Date 
MER 
Amount/ 
Upper 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
And 
Lower 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount/ 
Early Exit 
MER 
Amount 
MERPR 
(%) 
[Mandato
ry 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Performa
nce 
Provisions 
MER Date
[MER 
Coupon 
[MER 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
[Insert 
as 
appropriat
e - For the 
purpose of 
determinin
g [whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redemptio
n Amount 
[if a MER 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[]] 
[[

] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to []] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day for the 
MER 
Underlying 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[]] 
[[Each] 
[Any] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day [for all 
the 
MER 
Underlying
s which is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[] 
/Reset 
MER 
Barrier 
Level 
/Latest 
Reset MER 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Not 
Applicable
]/ 
[]] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriat
e - For the 
purpose of 
determinin
g [whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redemptio
n Amount 
[if a MER 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[

]/[Perform
ance-
Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Amount]/[
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
[Insert 
as 
appropriat
e - For the 
purpose of 
determinin
g [whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redemptio
n Amount 
[if a MER 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
[Single 
Underlying 
Observatio
n/Weighte
d 
Basket 
Observatio
n/ Best of 
Basket 
Observatio
n /Worst of 
Basket 
Observatio
n/Outperfo
rmance 
Observatio
n]] 
[ ] 
/ 
[[Five]/[ 
] Business 
Days 
following 
the 
first 
MER 
Barrier 
Observatio
n Date in 
respect of 
which 
a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[Not 
Applicable
] []] 
[

] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention
]]/[not 
adjusted]]

--- Page 799 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
773
 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[]] 
[MER 
Initial 
Level] 
(specify for 
each MER 
Underlying 
where 
different)] 
which 
is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day for the 
MER 
Underlying 
from [(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[ ] to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] 
[]] 
Underlying
] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[ ] to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] 
[]] 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[]] 
[[

] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to []] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day [for all 
the 
MER 
Barrier 
Underlying
s] which is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Barrier 
Underlying
] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[ ] to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] 
[]] 
Redemptio
n Amount] 
[(subject to 
a 
[Maximum 
Amount]/[
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n Amount] 
(cap) of [
]] 
[and] 
[subject to 
a 
[Minimum 
Amount]/[
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n Amount] 
(floor) of [
]] 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[]] 
[[] being 
the 
MERPR 
Call and [
] being 
the 
MERPR 
Put] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where 
EMTA 
provisions 
are 
applicable 
in respect 
of any FX 
Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number of 
Settlement 
Business 
Days 
following 
the 
[last 
occurring] 
MER 
Valuation 
Date 
relating to 
such MER 
Date] 
 
(specify for each MER date where relevant and delete the relevant column if not applicable) 
(repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as necessary where there are different MER 
events or Early Exit MER Barrier Events occurring in respect of different MER dates resulting in 
different MER amounts, Early Exit MER amounts and/or MER coupons payable) 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Security/See item (v) below] 
 
(v) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Dates 
 
 
(A) 
Specified 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] [[]] [[] Scheduled Trading Days 
prior to []] [Each Scheduled Trading Day [for all 
the Redemption Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption Underlying] 
from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [] to [(but 
excluding)] [(and including)][]]] [Not Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary)

--- Page 800 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
774
 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [(insert in respect of Buy the Dip 
Securities) the Redemption Amount]:] [[]] [[] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to []] [Expiry Date] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(specify "Expiry Date" for Securities linked to 
Dividend Futures Contracts where the Relevant 
Price for the Specified Final Valuation Date is 
specified to be the "final settlement price" in item 
12(ii) above) 
 
(C) 
Specified 
Redemption 
Strike Date: 
[[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying, Redemption 
Barrier Event or Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount]:] [Not Applicable/[[]] [[] [and []] [[] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ]]/ Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
the 
relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a Disrupted 
Day for that Redemption Underlying from [(and 
including)] [(but excluding)] [ ] to [(but 
excluding)] [(and including)] []] [Not Applicable] 
(where a different Specified Redemption Strike Date 
applies 
for 
any 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption Barrier Event and/or Performance 
Linked Redemption Amount, repeat and specify for 
each Redemption Underlying, Redemption Barrier 
Event and/or Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount, as appropriate)] [Not Applicable] 
[See also Market Timer Redemption Strike Date(s) 
below] 
 
[Specified 
Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [ ] (where a 
different Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike 
Date applies for any Redemption Underlying, 
specify for each Redemption Underlying)] 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
redemption, Final Performance 
provisions and levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Underlying(s): 
[] [The Underlyings specified in item 12 above] 
[and [each] such Redemption Underlying shall be 
the Final Outperformance [A/B] Underlying 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions)] (repeat for each 
Redemption Underlying, as appropriate) 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[ ] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption

--- Page 801 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
775
 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 802 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
776
 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn
[Redemption Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Final Performance] 
[]%
[Redemption Underlying with [] highest (or [] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
 
[Redemption Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Final Performance] 
[]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out be
Redemption Underlying 
Wn
[] 
[]%
[] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
 
[] 
[]%
 
II. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 803 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
777
 
 
VI. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., 
the highest)]]  
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 804 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
778
 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., 
the lowest)]  
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 805 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
779
 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 806 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
780
 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[]%
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with [] highest 
(or [] equal [highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn
[] 
[]%
[] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
[] 
[]%
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 807 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
781
 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 808 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
782
 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 809 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
783
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[]%
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with [] highest 
(or [] equal [highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying) 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out be
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn
[] 
[]%
[] 
[]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying) 
 
[] 
[]%
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 810 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
784
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 811 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
785
 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic 
Mean 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 812 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
786
 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – 
Single Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: []] 
 
Single Floor – 
Single Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Floor: []]] 
 
Single Cap – 
Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: []]

--- Page 813 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
787
 
 
Single Floor – 
Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable:  
Single Floor: []] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Threshold 
Percentage: []% 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Performance 
Percentage: []%] 
 
 
[Single Target Redemption (Barrier): [Barrier 
Event Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Performance (Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) 
Percentage: []] (repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis Final Underlying Performance Percentage: [
]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance Percentage 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[]% 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[]% 
 
(repeat for each Best 
Oasis 
Performer, 
as 
appropriate, up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
[X] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] 
[]% 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 814 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
788
 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)]  
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Product 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if Final Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Final Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject 
to a [Maximum Final Period Performance] [and] 
[Minimum Final Period Performance] [of []%] 
[and []%, respectively]. 
 
 
D is equal to [].] 
 
 
C is equal to [] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 815 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
789
 
 
VII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Cliquet 
Final 
Performance 
Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Final 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]]  
[Insert the following if Cliquet Final Performance 
Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer: [Highest 
(or equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or 
equal lowest) [positive] integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple: [] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: []]] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (delete remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph if N/A)  
[Cliquet A (Final)] [Cliquet B (Final)] [Cliquet C 
(Final)] [Cliquet A Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet B 
Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet C Absolute (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B (Final) or 
Cliquet B Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest (Final) applies. 
 
 
U means []. 
 
 
 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal

--- Page 816 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
790
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest (Final) applies. 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C (Final) or 
Cliquet C Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Redemption Target: [] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal: []]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap: [] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Floor: [
]] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Final 
Performance 
– 
Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 817 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
791
 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Best 
of/Worst 
of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred][:] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying]:] [Closing Level 
on Redemption Strike Date/Arithmetic Average 
Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Closing 
Level on Redemption Re-Strike Date FVD/Lowest 
Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Redemption 
Strike Dates/(specify (in table format, where 
appropriate) for each Redemption Underlying)]] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 818 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
792
 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Redemption Strike Dates will need to be included) 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] []/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Final Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] [[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Final 
Valuation Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level 
on Final Valuation Dates/Lowest Closing Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on 
Final Valuation Dates] 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Redemption Strike Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [and] [the [Final Performance]/[] 
in respect thereof] [and] [I/i]n respect of (insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying):] (repeat and 
complete this subparagraph as necessary for each 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
each 
purpose 
of 
determining whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred and/or each 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred and/or the determination of any 
[Final Performance]/[ ] in respect thereof) 
[Redemption Initial Level/[ ]/The Redemption 
Strike Level specified for each Redemption 
Underlying below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Redemption Strike Level 
[] 
[Insert as appropriate - For 
the purpose of determining 
[whether 
a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] 
Barrier 
Event has occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred [and] [the 
[Final Performance]/[] in 
respect thereof]:]

--- Page 819 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
793
 
[ ] Redemption Initial 
Level] 
 
 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying, each relevant 
determination whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and/or 
each 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred and/or the determination of any [Final 
Performance]/[] in respect thereof)]
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Redemption Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate - In respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Redemption Barrier 
Event European Observation/Redemption Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption Barrier Event American 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – Closing 
Level/Redemption Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Reference 
Level 
Observation]][Target Redemption Barrier Event 
and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target Redemption Threshold Amount: (specify 
aggregate amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount) 
 
 
[Include/Exclude] Any Interest Amount Due on 
Maturity Date] 
[Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount: 
Applicable (delete if not applicable)]] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies] 
 
(B) 
Final Barrier Level: 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] [[]%/Reset Final Barrier 
Level/Latest Reset Final Barrier Level] [greater 
than (or equal to)] [[]%] [being the Lower Final 
Barrier Level] [being the Upper Final Barrier 
Level] [and] [or] [less than] [less than (or equal to)] 
[[]%] [being the Upper Final Barrier Level] [being 
the Lower Final Barrier Level] [of [the [sum of the] 
Redemption Initial Level of the [relevant] 
Redemption Barrier Underlying[s]/ [] (specify, in 
table format, where appropriate, where different 
for different Redemption Barrier Underlyings)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset Final Barrier Level or 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level:

--- Page 820 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
794
 
[Reset Final Barrier Level/Latest Reset Final 
Barrier Level]: Applicable 
FBL Reset Floor Level: [] 
[FBL 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance Product]/[Reference 
Level] Applicable] 
[FBL 
Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance Product]/[Reference 
Level] Applicable] 
[FBL 
Performance 
Product 
Base 
Level: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s)]/[Redemption Strike Level 
of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)]/[]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if appropriate. 
In respect of [insert relevant MER Date and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event]:] [The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/The Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying (subject to a minimum of [
] Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(specify, in table format, where appropriate, where 
different 
for 
different 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlyings) 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
redemption 
amount 
due 
or 
entitlement deliverable 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
Redemption Barrier Event is Not 
Applicable and the Redemption 
Amount is a Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[The Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [[Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin Win] [Market 
timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] [Swaption] 
Provisions]/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
Redemption Barrier Event is 
Applicable 
 
 
(A) 
Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. If the Securities are Physical Settlement 
Securities, physical delivery of any Relevant Asset 
must be made in compliance with the provisions of 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as

--- Page 821 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
795
 
amended and the Investment Company Act of 1940, 
as amended) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - For which purpose 
the Intermediary is [[The Calculation Agent] / [[]] 
[Insert contact details for delivery of Asset Transfer 
Notice]]  
 
II. 
Failure 
to 
Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(a)(ii)(F) 
(Failure 
to 
Deliver due to 
Illiquidity))  
 
 
III. 
Aggregation of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Cash 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each Relevant 
Asset] [Share] 
 
V. 
Entitlement 
Denominator: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying]/[Redemption Strike Level of the 
Entitlement Underlying]/[] 
(repeat this sub-paragraph in respect of each 
Entitlement Underlying, as necessary) 
 
VI. 
Entitlement 
Calculation 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[] decimal places  
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption Barrier Event [Final Performance 
FPU] [Underlying Closing Level] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date[s] will be [ ] [[each [any] 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but

--- Page 822 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
796
 
excluding)] [ ] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] []]. 
 
[Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Underlying(s): 
[ ] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable]]  
(N.B.: 
Specify 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event Final Performance FPU applies)] 
 
(C) 
Redemption Amount due 
where no Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
no 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
[Applicable - [ ] per Security/the Performance 
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable] 
[repeat as applicable] 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Percentage: 
[[]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
I. 
Upper 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier Event has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [] per Security/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier Event has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [] [per Security]/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
not 
occurred]] 
 
(E) 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
no 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
[Applicable - [] per Security/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with [Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option Provisions] [Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery apply if a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred and no Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event is specified][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable:

--- Page 823 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
797
 
 
 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Performance FPU]  
[Redemption Lower Barrier Event Underlying 
Closing Level]  
[Gemini Event 
The Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date[s] 
will be []. 
The Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date[s] will 
be [] [[each] [any] Scheduled Trading Day [for all 
the Redemption [Lower] Barrier Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any Redemption 
[Lower] Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [ ] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] []].] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date[s] will be [ ] [[each] [any] 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the Redemption 
[Lower] Barrier Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption [Lower] 
Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] []]. 
 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Underlying(s): 
[ ] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable]]  
(N.B.: 
Specify 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event Final Performance FPU 
applies)] 
 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Percentage: 
[[]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
(G) 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
a 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
I. 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
[Applicable - [] per Security/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if

--- Page 824 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
798
 
Barrier Event has 
occurred: 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Non 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier Event has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [] [per Security]/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not 
occurred]] 
 
Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: []] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: []]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: []] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: []]/ Not 
Applicable]  
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]]

--- Page 825 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
799
 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: []] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: []]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: []] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: []]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Call Spread - Put Spread Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Call Cap: 
[] 
 
II. 
Put Cap: 
[] 
 
III. 
Call Floor: 
[] 
 
IV. 
Put Floor: 
[] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 826 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
800
 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Final Participation Rate 
Call (FPR Call): 
[[]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
XII. 
Final Participation Rate 
Put (FPR Put): 
[[]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable]]  
 
XIII. 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
XIV. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Twin Win Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
II. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[] 
 
IV. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Market Timer: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)]

--- Page 827 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
801
 
 
I. 
Specified Market Timer 
Redemption 
Strike 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ [ ]] [[ ] [and [ ]] [[ ] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ]]/ Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
the 
relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a Disrupted 
Day for that Redemption Underlying from [(and 
including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to [(and 
including)][(but excluding)] []] (where a different 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, specify for 
each Redemption Underlying) 
 
II. 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[Lowest 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption Strike Dates][Lowest Intra-day Level 
on Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates] 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying) 
 
III. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Market Timer 
Percentage: 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Market Timer 
Percentage 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Put Call Sum 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)]  
 
I. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
II. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[] 
 
IV. 
Put Call Sum Floor: 
[[]%] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 828 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
802
 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Swaption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[] 
 
(B) 
Annuity Factor: 
[+/-] [] 
 
(C) 
Annuity Floor: 
[+/-] []% 
 
(D) 
t: 
[] 
 
(E) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Buy the Dip 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Initial Cash Participation: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
Equity 
Participation: 
[] 
 
(C) 
Trigger Event(i): 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
TABLE 
i 
Equity Allocation(i) 
Trigger Level(i) 
[] 
[] 
[] 
/[[]% of the Initial 
Level 
of 
[the 
relevant 
Underlying] (specify 
where different for 
different 
Trigger 
Event(i), 
as 
applicable)

--- Page 829 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
803
 
(specify where relevant) 
 
(D) 
Cash Participation(Final) 
Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Period Final 
End Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[] 
 
(F) 
Observation Day(Final): 
[The final Interest Valuation Date]/[Final Valuation 
Date]/[] 
 
Redemption Underlying Valuation 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(i)) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]]  
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
Split Payment Conditions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment 
Conditions) 
(CRE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment 
Conditions) 
(EE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
(Split 
Payment Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Override 
Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 830 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
804
 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
CRE 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
CRE Redemption Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
CRE Coupon: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(J) 
CRE: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the CRE applicable in 
respect of relevant Interest Payment Date(s), 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s), Redemption 
Date or other Payment Date(s)) 
[]] 
 
(K) 
EE: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the EE applicable in 
respect of relevant Interest Payment Date(s), 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s), Redemption 
Date or other Payment Date(s)) 
[]] 
 
(L) 
CRE 
Adjusted 
Calculation Amount: 
[[ ]/As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 9.5] 
 
(M) 
EE Adjusted Calculation 
Amount: 
[[ ]/As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 9.5] 
 
(vi) 
Method of selecting the Securities, 
to be redeemed in the case of a 
partial redemption of any Class or 
Series of Securities 
[To be selected individually by lot/to be selected in 
accordance with the order of priorities relating to 
the repayment of principal of the Securities and, 
within any Class of Securities, on a pari passu 
basis]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
FX Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of the [Interest Provisions 
[and][the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions 
[and][the 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions]/Not Applicable] (repeat 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Quanto Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX: 
(specify rate for each relevant Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Compo FX Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Designated Page: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Designated Time: 
[] 
 
(C) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 831 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
805
 
 
(D) 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency: 
[[] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [] (Cross Rate B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [
] for which one unit of [] can be exchanged)] 
 
(B) Cross Rate I Designated 
Page: 
[] 
 
(C) Cross Rate I Designated 
Time: 
[] 
 
(D) Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate C 
Currency: 
[[] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [] (Cross Rate C 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [
] for which one unit of [] can be exchanged)] 
 
(E) Cross Rate II Designated 
Page: 
[] 
 
(F) Cross Rate II Designated 
Time: 
[] 
16. 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable and for which purpose the FX Perf 
Rate shall be [the Underlying designated as such in 
item 12(ii) above/determined as set out below and 
in the definition of FX Performance in the 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Schedule]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(repeat paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(if not applicable or the FX Perf Rate is per item 
11(ii), delete sub paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B 
Currency: 
[[ ] (FX Perf A Currency) / [ ] (FX Perf B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [
] for which one unit of [] can be exchanged)]/Not 
Applicable as FX Perf Cross Rate applies] (if Not 
Applicable, delete remaining sub paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Designated Page: 
[] 
 
(C) 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
FX Perf Cross Rate: 
 
 
(A) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency: 
[[] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [] (FX 
Perf Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed as the 
number of units of [] for which one unit of [] can 
be exchanged)] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate C Currency: 
[[] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [] (FX 
Perf Cross Rate C Currency) [(expressed as the 
number of units of [] for which one unit of [] can 
be exchanged)]

--- Page 832 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
806
 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Page: 
[]  
 
(D) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time: 
[] 
 
(E) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Page: 
[]  
 
(F) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Time: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
FX Perf Initial: 
[ ] [As determined in accordance with the 
Conditions and the provisions hereof] 
 
(iv) 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, 
as 
required) 
[[last 
occurring] 
Specified 
[Interest][MER][Redemption] 
Strike 
Date (specify each as relevant where different dates 
apply)] 
 
(v) 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, 
as 
required) 
[[last 
occurring] 
Specified [Interest][MER][Final] Valuation Date 
(specify each as relevant where different dates 
apply)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
17. 
Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes][Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes][Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes][Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes][Index 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Local Access Credit Linked Notes] 
 
[– 
Type of credit linkage: 
[Credit Linked Principal]/[Credit Linked Interest]] 
(Only include if 'Single Name Credit Linked Notes' 
is applicable) 
(ii) 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Method: 
[Auction Redemption][Cash Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Fixed Recovery Redemption] 
[– 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Not 
Applicable]]] (Delete this row if not applicable. 
Only include for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
(iii) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption][LA 
Physical 
Redemption][LA Fixed Recovery Redemption]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
(iv) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.][[] per cent.][100 per cent.]] (Delete 
this row if not applicable)

--- Page 833 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
807
 
(v) 
[Credit Payment following Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable. This will not be applicable for 
Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
(vi) 
[Credit Payment following Risk 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable)]] (Delete this row if not applicable. This 
will not be applicable for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes) 
 
(viii) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[] as specified in paragraph[s] [] (cross 
refer to relevant interest provision above) 
above]/[Not Applicable] (Only include if 'Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xi) 
Non-Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[] as specified in paragraph[s] [] (cross 
refer to relevant interest provision above) 
above]/[Not Applicable] (Only include if 'Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xii) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Where the Reference Entity is not a sovereign, 
include the following additional information*: 
the registered office of the Reference Entity or, if 
different from the registered office, its main 
administrative office; 
legislation governing the Reference Entity, and 
legal form which it has adopted under such 
legislation; 
the company objects of the Reference Entity; and 
name of the stock exchange or of another regulated 
market which is regularly operating, recognised 
and open to the public where the shares and other 
securities of the Reference Entity are admitted) 
- 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[Senior Non-
Preferred Level] 
- 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation 
below if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference

--- Page 834 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
808
 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply.) 
- 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a short 
description thereof if the Reference Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
- 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method and 
for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable and for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable and for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
(xiii) 
Nth-to-Default 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Entities, 
Transaction 
Type 
and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
- 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) 
in the Appendix 1 hereto if the fallback to a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph 
(c) of the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to

--- Page 835 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
809
 
apply. 
Insert 
the 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
- 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[ ]Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
Auction 
Redemption 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
- 
Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xiv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Obligations, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount 
and Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) 
in the Appendix 1 hereto if the fallback to a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph

--- Page 836 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
810
 
(c) of the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. 
Insert 
the 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
- 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
- 
Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] Version] 
[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [] Version] 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify]

--- Page 837 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
811
 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
– 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
- 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
(xvi) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] Version] 
[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [] Version] 
 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify]

--- Page 838 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
812
 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
 
- 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery 
Threshold 
Amount: 
[] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix as published, in 
Appendix 1 hereto][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled 
Entity 
Incurred 
Loss Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled 
Entity 
Incurred 
Recovery Amount: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Index 
Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Index 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xvii) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 839 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
813
 
– 
- 
Index: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
– 
- 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount 
and Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 hereto](Insert if 'Index' is 
applicable) 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not applicable) 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
- 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery 
Threshold 
Amount: 
[] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point] 
- 
Portfolio 
Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable)

--- Page 840 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
814
 
(xviii) Local 
Access 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reference Asset(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Maturity date of Reference 
Asset(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference 
Assets 
Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Custodian: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Applicable 
Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[ ][The aggregate principal amount of Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
- 
LA Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
LA Interest Amount: 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
Interest Payment Date, in 
each case, subject as provided 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] divided 
by the applicable FX Rate 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] divided 
by the applicable FX Rate 
- 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: [Inconvertibility Event][Ownership 
Restriction 
Event][Settlement/Custodial 
Event]/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Additional Risk Event Start 
Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date] 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Principal: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Risk 
Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
- 
LA Physical Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if

--- Page 841 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
815
 
Physical 
Redemption 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
(xix) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xx) 
Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligation Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
(Select one only) 
 
- 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in 
the definition of "Specified Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] 
(Select all that apply) 
 
- 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
(Select one only) 
 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in 
the definition of "Specified Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in 
the definition of "Domestic Currency" in the Credit 
Linked Conditions applies)

--- Page 842 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
816
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity [of [] years (Specify if default 
is not to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation applicable 
for each Reference Entity other than those 
determined by reference to Obligation Category 
and Obligation Characteristics]] 
 
- 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
60 
Business 
Day 
Cap 
on 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Sovereign Reference Entity No 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Monoline 
Insurer 
Reference 
Entities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Additional Provisions for the 
Hellenic 
Republic: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 843 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
817
 
 
(xxx) 
Additional Provisions for Senior, 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If "Applicable", 
please specify for each Reference Entity)  
 
(xxxi) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[]] 
(xxxii) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay 
Payment Requirement: [ or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the occurrence 
of the relevant failure to pay] [OR] [As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply] 
 
- 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Condition: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Not Applicable] [Note that it is not necessary to 
specify "Applicable" as the default position under 
the Credit Linked Conditions is for a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information to apply] 
Public Source(s): [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
Specified Number: [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]]

--- Page 844 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
818
 
(xxxiii) Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[[] [Number of days] prior to] [Trade Date][Issue 
Date][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(xxxiv) Standard Event Determination 
Date: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(xxxv) Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Event 
Determination Date Version B as applicable where 
the hedging CDS has only one Notifying Party (i.e. 
"Buyer" or "Seller" is specified as the Notifying 
Party). Otherwise specify "Not Applicable" and the 
Event Determination Date provisions which are 
equivalent to having two Notifying Parties under a 
CDS will apply] 
(xxxvi) Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(xxxvii) Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable][Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
(xxxviii) Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]][Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
- 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days:  
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[] Business Days and each [] Business Days 
thereafter. [Number of Valuation Dates: []]] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest][Market][Average 
Highest][Average 
Market][Lowest] 
 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market] 
 
- 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest][As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16(a)(ii)(C))] 
(xxxix) Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
- 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[ ] Business Days] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
- 
Fallback 
Cash 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 845 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
819
 
(xl) 
Partial Cash Redemption 
Terms/Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms: 
(Delete this row for Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(xli) 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify] [As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions], being as of the [Trade 
Date][Effective Date][Specify date] 
Transaction Type: [Specify]] 
(xlii) 
[Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
(xliii) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
- 
Merger 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount] [Each Note's pro rata 
share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the 
Unwind Costs, if any] 
(xliv) 
Settlement Currency: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITY 
18. 
Charged Assets: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(NB: where the assets comprise obligations of 5 or 
fewer obligors which are legal persons or are 
guaranteed by 5 or fewer legal persons or where an 
obligor or entity guaranteeing the obligations 
accounts for 20 % or more of the assets, or where 
20 % or more of the assets are guaranteed by a 
single guarantor, the obligor or guarantor must 
have securities already admitted to trading on a 
regulated or equivalent third country market or 
SME Growth Market)  
(N.B. where the Securities are listed and/or 
admitted to trading on the ISM, the obligor or 
guarantor must have securities already admitted to 
trading on a "suitable market" in compliance with 
the ISM Rulebook) 
 
(i) 
Details of Charged Assets: 
[The Charged Assets shall comprise [ ] in 
aggregate principal amount of [an issue of [insert 
name of the issuer(s) or obligor(s) of the assets] of 
[insert descriptive title of charged assets]][The 
assets described below] (the [Bond][Loan][other]) 
[See paragraph 6 of Part B (The Charged Assets) 
below for further details in relation to the Charged 
Assets.] (NB. In case of "Bond" or "Loan" and/or 
where the Securities are listed on the Euronext 
Dublin GEM, the charged assets may comprise (i) 
debt securities of any sovereign, or (ii) debt or 
equity securities of any corporate entity which are

--- Page 846 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
820
 
listed on a regulated market or (iii) loans for which 
the borrower or guarantor has debt or equity 
securities listed on a regulated market) 
[The Charged Asset shall also comprise such cash 
and/or securities from time to time transferred to 
the Issuer by the Counterparty pursuant to the ISDA 
Credit Support Annex (English law transfer), as 
further described in item 21(i) below] 
[The Charged Assets are Counterparty Collateral] 
[The [specify any particular assets of the Charged 
Assets that are relevant] Charged Assets are ISDA 
Issuer Collateral] 
 
 
(Where there are Charged Assets (other than 
Counterparty 
Collateral) 
and 
a 
Charged 
Agreement comprising a Swap Agreement and part 
(but not all) of the Charged Assets may become due 
and repayable at a date prior to their stated 
maturity such that General Condition 8(b) 
(Redemption in relation to the ISDA Issuer 
Collateral and the Charged Assets (other than 
Counterparty Collateral)) or 8(c)(i) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons at the option of the 
Securityholders)) of the General Conditions could 
apply, consideration needs to be given to the terms 
of any purchase/termination of such Charged 
Agreement) 
 
(A) 
[Charged Asset Eligibility 
Criteria: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Specify relevant eligibility criteria if applicable) 
 
(B) 
[Counterparty 
Charged 
Asset Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Specify (i) relevant Counterparty Charged Asset 
Determination Date and/or Initial Acquisition Date 
if applicable and (ii) the relevant party if not the 
Counterparty) 
 
(ii) 
Security over Charged Assets 
created in Trust Deed and/or 
Charging Document: 
[Trust Deed] 
[Charging Document] 
[Trust Deed and Charging Document] 
 
(iii) 
Governing law of Charged Assets: 
[]  
[In respect of the [Bond][Loan][other]: []]  
[In respect of all other Charged Assets, the 
governing law of the relevant asset] 
[In respect of the security interest taken under the 
Pledge 
Agreement, 
Luxembourg 
law 
and, 
otherwise, English law] 
 
(iv) 
Counterparty's 
account 
details 
(being the account to which the 
Custodian will credit amounts 
[]

--- Page 847 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
821
 
received by it in respect of the 
Charged Assets): 
 
(v) 
[Purchase of the Charged Asset(s): 
The Issuer will purchase the Charged Asset(s) from 
[the Dealer][] on [the Issue Date][] pursuant to 
the Sale Agreement]/[Specify other Charged Assets 
sale arrangement, provided such arrangement does 
not involve any amendment to the General 
Conditions]] 
 
(vi) 
Charged Asset Substitution: 
[Applicable – Charged Assets] 
[Applicable – Charged Assets as Collateral] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Replacement 
Charged 
Asset Criteria: 
[The definition of "Replacement Charged Asset 
Criteria" 
in 
General 
Condition 
[5(b)(ii)(A) 
(Charged 
Asset 
Substitution 
- 
Charged 
Assets)][5(b)(ii)(B) (Charged Asset Substitution - 
Charged Assets as Collateral] applies / (specify 
other terms and/or other additional requirements 
relating to such substitution)] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Replacement 
Charged Assets Criteria: 
[Not Applicable / (specify other criteria e.g. any 
rating or governing law requirements for the new 
assets)] 
 
(vii) 
Charged Asset Redemption prior 
to Security Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Charged 
Asset 
Optional 
Acquisition/Disposal: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Custodian's account details: 
Accounts of Series [] with the Custodian [(the 
Relevant Accounts)]: 
Cash Account: 
 
[] 
Securities Account: 
[] 
[together with all other cash and/or securities 
accounts that are located in [Luxembourg/[specify 
relevant jurisdiction]] and held with the Custodian 
in respect of the [] Compartment] 
 
(x) 
Collateral Services Agreement: 
[The Securities have the benefit of the Collateral 
Services Agreement/Not Applicable/specify] 
 
 
(NB: The Collateral Services Agreement may only 
be specified where the Trustee is The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c.)  
19. 
Credit Support Document: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 848 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
822
 
 
(i) 
Details 
of 
Credit 
Support 
Document: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Governing law of Credit Support 
Document: 
[] 
20. 
Charging Document: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Details of Charging Document: 
[Security interests are created by a Custodian 
Account Pledge Agreement dated [] (as modified 
and supplemented from time to time) (the Pledge 
Agreement) between the Issuer and the Trustee, 
being a first ranking pledge of the securities and 
cash standing now and in the future to the credit of 
each Relevant Account] / [specify] 
 
(ii) 
Governing 
law 
of 
Charging 
Document: 
[Luxembourg Law/specify] 
21. 
Charged Agreements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable: The Swap Agreement comprises an 
ISDA Master Agreement dated as of [] between 
the Issuer and the Counterparty including the 
Schedule thereto [and the ISDA Credit Support 
Annex (English law transfer) to such ISDA Master 
Agreement] (as amended and/or restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the Swap 
Agreement) and a swap transaction between the 
Issuer and the Counterparty as evidenced by a 
confirmation relating to Series [] dated as of the 
Issue 
Date 
(the 
Confirmation), 
which 
supplements, forms a part of and is subject to the 
Swap Agreement (as such may be amended and 
supplemented from time to time)] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: the Credit Support Annex is only applicable to 
Collateralised Transactions and the transaction 
must be specified as a "Collateralised Transaction" 
in the applicable confirmation in order for the 
provisions of the Credit Support Annex to apply. 
Consideration should be given to the provisions of 
the Credit Support Annex for certain rated 
transactions. Ensure correct form of ISDA Credit 
Support Annex (English law transfer) applies 
depending on whether there is only Counterparty 
Collateral or also ISDA Issuer Collateral) 
 
(ii) 
SL Agreement: 
[Applicable: The SL Agreement comprises an 
GMSLA Master Agreement dated as of [ ] 
between the Issuer and the Counterparty including 
the Schedule thereto (as amended and/or restated 
and/or supplemented from time to time, the SL 
Agreement) and a securities lending transaction 
between the Issuer and the Counterparty relating to

--- Page 849 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
823
 
Series dated as of the Issue Date (the SL 
Transaction), which supplements, forms a part of 
and is subject to the SL Agreement (as such may be 
amended and supplemented from time to time][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Details 
of 
the 
[Swap 
Counterparty's][SL Counterpart's] 
rights to assign and/or to delegate 
its rights and obligations: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
[Swap][SL] 
Termination Events: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Governing 
law 
of 
Charged 
Agreement: 
[The Charged Agreement is governed by English 
law] 
22. 
Other relevant details relating to the 
Mortgaged Property: 
 
 
(i) 
Security Ranking Basis: 
[Primary 
Basis/Pari 
Passu 
Basis/Secondary 
Basis/(specify other)] 
 
(ii) 
Order of priorities, prior to 
enforcement of the security for the 
Notes, for application of the 
proceeds of the Charged Assets 
and any other security forming 
part of the Mortgaged Property: 
[As set out in Clause 12 of the Master Trust 
Deed/(specify other)] 
 
(iii) 
Whether or not the Mortgaged 
Property is secured in favour of 
any other Class of Notes: 
[Not Applicable][Yes – insert details of other Class 
and ranking/No] 
 
(iv) 
Any other applicable security 
interests for the purposes of 
General 
Condition 
5(a)(ii)(D) 
(Security): 
[Not Applicable/(specify)] 
 
(v) 
Other: 
[Specify additional duties of the Custodian/details 
of a different order for the application of funds 
other than that set out in Clause 12 of the Master 
Trust Deed/details of any additional terms on which 
the Custodian holds any Charged Assets] 
23. 
Principal Paying Agent's account details 
(being the account to which the Issuer will 
credit amounts payable under the Securities 
and to which the Counterparty (if any) will 
credit amounts payable under the Swap 
Agreement and/or SL Agreement to the 
Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer): 
[To be notified to the Issuer (with a copy to the 
Custodian and the Counterparty) in writing not less 
than [five] Business Days prior to the date upon 
which any payment in respect of the Securities is to 
be made] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
24. 
Form of Securities: 
[Registered Securities 
 
 
Registered Security Certificate [(U.S.$[] principal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 850 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
824
 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
25. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
26. 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business Day) 
27. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment) 
28. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 19 (Redenomination) apply] 
29. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
of 
General 
Condition 17 (Further Issues) apply 
30. 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
[Citibank, 
N.A./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its [] department/group (or any successor 
department/group))] at []] 
31. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent] []]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation Agent 
where the Calculation Agent is the Principal 
Paying Agent. If no Determination Agent is 
specified, the Determination Agent will be the 
Calculation Agent)]  
32. 
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination]  
33. 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3) is applicable 
in respect of the Securities)  
34. 
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference Rate(s): [As specified above]/[]]  
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [
]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.1) is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)  
35. 
Details relating to Instalment Securities: 
amount of each Instalment Amount 
(including any maximum or minimum 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 851 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
825
 
Instalment Amount), date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[IA Adjusted Calculation Amount: [[ ]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Acceptance on behalf of the 
Issuer of the terms of this Final Terms 
 
For and on behalf of 
 
 
[Ensemble Investment Corporation SA acting in 
respect of the [     ] Compartment][Concerto 
Investment Corporation Limited] 
 
By …………………………………………… 
 
Duly authorised]15 
 
 
 
 
 
15 Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for the particular trade.

--- Page 852 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
826
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the [Tranche []] Securities to 
be admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of 
[Euronext Dublin/Euronext Paris/the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/the 
Association of Financial Assets Intermediaries/the 
electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the MoT)]/[the multilateral 
trading facility of securitised derivatives financial 
instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX) / the multilateral trading 
facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. (EuroTLX)]]/[the Open Market (Regulated 
Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the [Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]]/[the 
multilateral trading facility of the Vienna MTF of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange]/[the multilateral 
trading facility of the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF of 
NASDAQ Stockholm AB]/[the multilateral trading 
facility of the International Securities Market of the 
London Stock Exchange]/[the multilateral trading 
facility of the SPECTRUM] [and to listing on [the 
official list of [Euronext Dublin/Euronext Paris/the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/the 
NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB/the Spanish Stock Exchange/the 
Italian Stock Exchange]] [the Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG)]]/[the Vienna Stock Exchange] with effect 
from on or around [ ] [of the Tranche [ ] 
Securities]] [Not Applicable]  
(where the Securities are listed and admitted to 
trading on more than one exchange, repeat as 
necessary) 
(the Vienna MTF, NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market 
Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX, EuroTLX, the 
International Securities Market and SPECTRUM 
are not regulated markets for the purpose of MiFID 
II) 
(N.B. in the case of Securities issued by Concerto, 
specify (if applicable) multilateral trading facilities 
(MTF) which are not regulated markets for the 
purposes of MiFID II) 
 
 
[Tranche [] of the Securities has been admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of [Euronext 
Dublin/Euronext 
Paris/the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/ the 
Association of Financial Assets Intermediaries/ the 
electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the MoT)]/[the multilateral 
trading facility of securitised derivatives financial

--- Page 853 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
827
 
instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX) / the multilateral trading 
facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. (EuroTLX)]]/[the Open Market (Regulated 
Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the [Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]] [the 
multilateral trading facility of the Vienna MTF of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange]/ [the multilateral 
trading facility of the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF of 
NASDAQ Stockholm AB]/ [the multilateral trading 
facility of the International Securities Market of the 
London Stock Exchange]/ [the multilateral trading 
facility of the SPECTRUM] [and to listing on the 
official list of [Euronext Dublin/Euronext Paris/the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/the 
NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB/the Spanish Stock Exchange/the 
Italian Stock Exchange] [the Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG)]]/[the Vienna Stock Exchange] with effect 
from []/[[] of the Tranche [] Securities]] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Securities are already admitted to trading) 
(the Vienna MTF, NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market 
Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX, EuroTLX, the 
International Securities Market and SPECTRUM 
are not regulated markets for the purpose of MiFID 
II) 
 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Securities is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[]] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: 
[]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-

--- Page 854 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
828
 
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the United Kingdom 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. [As 
such [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-United 
Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is not 
established in the United Kingdom and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the EU CRA Regulation). The ratings have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU-registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.[ As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation.]] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South

--- Page 855 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
829
 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU CRA entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the European Union by the relevant market 
participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the UK CRA 
Regulation). The ratings have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant UK-registered 
credit rating agency entity] in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant UK-registered credit rating agency entity] 
is established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.[ As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant UK credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its 
website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation.]] The 
Financial Conduct Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the 
EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
UK CRA entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the United Kingdom by the relevant market 
participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the EU CRA Regulation) but it [is]/[has applied to 
be] certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and

--- Page 856 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
830
 
regulations made thereunder (the UK CRA 
Regulation) but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation] 
[[OR:] although notification of the corresponding 
certification decision has not yet been provided by 
the Financial Conduct Authority and [insert the legal 
name of the relevant non-UK credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the United Kingdom and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made 
thereunder, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the Financial Conduct Authority [and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation). 
However, 
the 
application for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-
EU credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the European

--- Page 857 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
831
 
Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non- UK 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the UK CRA 
Regulation). 
However, 
the 
application 
for 
registration under the UK CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant UK credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration], which is 
established in the United Kingdom, disclosed the 
intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal 
name of the relevant non-UK credit rating agency 
entity][, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the Financial Conduct Authority and [insert the legal 
name of the relevant UK credit rating agency entity] 
is not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its 
website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
 
The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA/the 
UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/ 
Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South Africa (delete as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the 
European 
Union 
by 
the 
relevant 
market 
participants.]] 
 
 
The Financial Conduct Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the 
EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/ 
Singapore/Argentina/ 
Mexico/Brazil/South Africa (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant UK CRA entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the United Kingdom by 
the relevant market participants.]]] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 858 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
832
 
 
[Relevant Minimum Rating: 
[Applicable: for the purpose of the Agency 
Agreement and the Custodial Services Agreement, 
the Relevant Minimum Rating is [insert agreed 
Relevant Minimum Rating]][Not Applicable]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
[Save for any fees ([insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to [the Dealer[s]/the Distributors/[
]]/Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"]], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Securities has an interest material to the 
Offer. [The [Dealers/Distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]]] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the Offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/[]/ 
[insert further particulars if different from 
"Investment Considerations" section]]] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details) 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds:] 
[] 
(For retail securities, if proceeds are intended for 
more than one use will need to split out and present 
in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding)] 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[] 
(For retail securities, expenses are required to be 
broken down into each principal intended "use" and 
presented in order of priority of such "uses". For 
wholesale securities, provide an estimate of the total 
expenses related to the admission to trading)] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Securities only) 
 
 
[Indication of yield/Unified Yield Rate]: 
[specify rate or range of rates] 
 
 
(specify Unified Yield Rate for Non-exempt Offers in 
the Republic of Hungary only) 
 
 
[Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date]*

--- Page 859 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
833
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6. 
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND 
VOLATILITY OF THE OR EACH UNDERLYING][AND][THE FLOATING RATE OF 
INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the or each Underlying is electronically 
available [free of charge][at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Underlying in Part A above][].] 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is 
electronically available [free of charge][at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page][Page][
].] 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the or each 
Underlying and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means, and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge.) 
 
(Where the Underlying is an index, include the name of the index, the index administrator and 
details of where the information about the index can be obtained.) 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[administrator legal name], as administrator 
of [specify benchmark], is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation] [the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [administrator legal name] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
8. 
DISCLAIMER 
 
 
[include disclaimer for Indices which are not Proprietary Indices] 
 
[Proprietary Index Disclaimer 
 
 
None of the Issuer, [] (the Index Sponsor [and the Index Calculation Agent]) for the Underlying 
and any of their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, delegates or agents (each 
a Relevant Person) makes any express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the 
advisability of purchasing the Securities, (b) the level(s) of the Underlying at any particular time 
on any particular date, (c) the results to be obtained by any investor in the Securities or any other 
person or entity, from the use of the Underlying or any data included therein for any purpose, (d) 
the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of the Underlying or (e) any other matter. 
Each Relevant Person hereby expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, 
all warranties of accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with 
respect to the Underlying. No Relevant Person shall have any liability (direct or indirect, special,

--- Page 860 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
834
 
punitive, consequential or otherwise) to any person even if notified of the possibility of damages. 
[The Index Sponsor is not/Neither the Index Sponsor nor the Index Calculation Agent is] under 
any obligation to continue the calculation, publication and dissemination of the Underlying nor 
shall they have any liability for any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays relating to the 
Underlying. The Index Sponsor [and the Index Calculation Agent] shall [each] act as principal and 
not as agent or fiduciary of any other person. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any numbers or figures presented as past 
performance of the Underlying prior to its launch date (however defined in the Index Conditions) 
may include performances calculated from back-testing simulations. Any back testing is illustrative 
only and derived from proprietary models based on certain historic data and assumptions and 
estimates. Such back-testing information should not be considered indicative of the actual results 
that might be obtained from an investment or participation in the Securities. Any scenario analysis 
is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual performance of the Underlying 
nor does it purport to describe all possible performance outcomes for the Underlying. 
 
As at the date hereof, the Underlying is described in full in the Index Conditions which are set out 
in the Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Securities should be based upon the 
information contained in the Base Prospectus and this Final Terms only. 
 
The Underlying is proprietary and confidential to the Index Sponsor. No person may use the 
Underlying in any way or reproduce or disseminate the information relating to the Underlying 
contained in the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities without the prior written consent of the 
Index Sponsor (save in respect of the distribution of the terms of the Securities using customary 
clearing and settlement procedures). The Underlying is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by the issuer or sponsor, as applicable, of any of its constituents.] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
 
Certain information contained in this Final Terms consists of extracts from or summaries of 
information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg®). The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for accurately reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer is 
aware and are able to ascertain from such publicly-available information, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Bloomberg® 
makes no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the 
reproduction of such information, and accepts no responsibility for the reproduction of such 
information or for the merits of an investment in the Securities. Bloomberg® does not arrange, 
sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the issue of the Securities.] 
9. 
THE CHARGED ASSETS 
 
[In relation to the Charged Assets (if any) specify each of the following which are applicable in 
relation to such Charged Assets:  
 
(i) 
type of assets (NB: Item 2.2.3 of Annex 19 of PR Regulation (legal nature of the assets)); 
 
(ii) 
the obligor or guarantor's name, address, country of incorporation, significant business 
activities/investment policy and the name of the market in which its securities are admitted 
(NB: Item 2.2.11(b) of Annex 19 of PR Regulation (applicable unless the collateral bond 
issuer is a sovereign or super-national exempt form PR));  
 
(iii) 
amount of the securitised assets with the indication, where applicable, that in the 
transferor's accounts, this corresponds to all or part of the assets of the same type (NB: 
Item 2.2.5 of Annex 19 of PR Regulation – see also item 18(i) of Part A);  
 
(iv) 
legislation governing the securitised assets (NB: Item 2.2.1 of Annex 19 of PR Regulation 
- see also item 18(iii) of Part A);  
 
(v) 
terms and conditions of the transfer (NB: Item 3.3 of Annex 19 of PR Regulation – see 
also item 18(v) of Part A and General Condition 5(a) (Security) and General Condition 
5(c) (Charged Agreements));

--- Page 861 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
835
 
 
(vi) 
indication of any existing relationship that is material to the issue, between the Issuer, 
guarantor and obligor and details of the principal terms of that relationship (NB: Item 
2.2.12 of Annex 19 of PR Regulation)  
 
(vii) 
if the securitised assets have a final maturity date, indication of early redemption or other 
maturities, dates, terms and conditions of early redemption (NB: Item 18(viii) of Part A 
and General Condition 5(b)(iv)(A) (Charged Asset Optional Disposal) of the General 
Conditions); 
 
(viii) 
in the event that the assets are to be replaced by other assets, or to be added, description 
of the terms of the exchange and increase of securitised assets, respectively (NB: Item 
2.2.9 of Annex 19 of the PR Regulations and General Conditions 5(b)(ii) (Charged Asset 
Substitution) and 5(b)(iv)(B) (Charged Asset Optional Acquisition) of the General 
Conditions); 
 
(ix) 
if the underlying assets comprise obligations that are traded on regulated market or 
equivalent third country market, a brief description of the securities, the market and 
electronic link where the documentation can be found (NB: Item 2.2.13 of Annex 19 of the 
PR Regulations)  
 
(x) 
in the case of underlying assets that are equity securities which are admitted to trading 
admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent third country market, a description of 
the securities, the market, the frequencies with which prices of the relevant securities are 
published (NB: Item 2.2.15 of Annex 19 of the PR Regulations)  
 
(xi) 
in the case of intangible assets, such as credit card accounts, portfolios of mortgage or 
other loans, leasing contracts, documentary credits or other similar assets, include 
general information on the composition of the underlying portfolio, and on the criteria 
applied for accepting additional assets to the portfolio or replacing underlying assets by 
other assets, and, if applicable, information on any security arrangement relating to the 
underlying contracts; 
 
(xii) 
if the securitisation is based on financial flows generated by industrial projects or 
infrastructure projects, concession rights, royalties and other similar assets, include a 
description of the relevant project and a fair valuation of the future income. 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
CUSIP: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
Valoren: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and the relevant 
identification 
number(s) 
and 
details 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/[]] 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system]

--- Page 862 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
836
 
relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[The Securities will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (CREST) via the 
CREST Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism.] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[] [Not Applicable]  
 
Registrar and specified office:  
[[Citibank Europe plc, 1 North Wall Quay, Dublin 
1, Ireland]/specify other] 
(Care should be taken when selecting the Registrar 
that there are no U.K. stamp duty or stamp duty 
reserve tax issues) 
 
Transfer Agents and specified office: 
[Citibank, N.A, London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB/specify other] 
 
Custodian and specified office [and 
Custodial Services Agreement]: 
[Citibank Europe plc (Luxembourg Branch), 31, 
Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg/specify other] 
[If the Custodian is not Citibank Europe plc 
(Luxembourg Branch), insert details of any 
applicable custodial services agreement] 
 
Agent Bank and specified office: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB 
/specify other] 
 
Redemption Agent and specified office: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB /specify other] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, 
that is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure,] 
[Include this text for Registered Securities which are 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure or 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] [Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the Lead Manager 
and the other Managers and 
underwriting commitments]*: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments and statement of portion 
not covered]

--- Page 863 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
837
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers) 
 
(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][]] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[None] 
[[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[[] per cent. per Security] 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by 
the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor [is]/[shall not exceed] [ ] [of the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount]/[per 
Security]. 
Investors can obtain more information about the fee 
by contacting the Dealer at the address set out 
herein]  
[[Up to] [] per cent. [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per Security] which comprises the 
(specify type of fee or commission) payable to the 
[Authorised Offeror] [ ].] [The Authorised 
Offeror(s) will receive a distribution fee in respect 
of each outstanding Security equal to [(i)] [] per 
cent. of [the relevant Interest Amount] [ ] 
[AND/OR] [(ii) [] per cent. of [the MER Amount 
[(plus the MER Coupon (if any))] minus the 
Calculation Amount] []] [OR] [(ii[i]) [] per cent. 
of [the Upper Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred minus the 
Calculation Amount] []], in each case, on the date 
on which the relevant amount is paid to the holders.] 
Investors can obtain more information about this fee 
by contacting the relevant [Authorised Offeror] [] 
[or the Dealer] at the relevant address(es) set out 
herein. [It is anticipated that the exact amount of the 
(specify type of fee or commission) will be published 
by the Issuer on [the website of Euronext Dublin][
] (specify where the Securities are not listed on 
Euronext Dublin)] on or around [].]] 
[In addition to (specify any relevant offer price), the 
[Authorised Offeror] may charge investors in [] a 
(specify type of fee or commission) of [up to] [] per 
cent. [of the Aggregate Principal Amount]/[per 
Security]. Investors can obtain more information 
about this fee by contacting the [Authorised Offeror] 
at the address(es) set out herein]]

--- Page 864 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
838
 
(Specify other applicable fee arrangements) 
 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities during [the period[s] []-[] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [Not Applicable]]  
(Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland) 
 
(viii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer [(The [] Offer)] of the 
Securities may be made by [the Dealer(s)] [and] [
]] (the [] Initial Authorised Offeror(s)) other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation [and/or other than pursuant to 
Article 36(1) FinSA] [and []] during the period 
from (and including) [] to (and including) [] (the 
[] Offer Period) in [] ([])] [[and] any additional 
financial intermediaries who have or obtain the 
Issuer's consent to use the Base Prospectus and this 
Final Terms in connection with the Non-exempt 
Offer and who are identified on the Issuer's website 
at [www.[]] as an Authorised Offeror] (together, 
being persons to whom the issuer has given consent, 
the [] Authorised Offeror(s)) other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation [and/or other than pursuant to Article 
36(1) FinSA] [and []] in [] during the period from 
[] until [] (the [] Offer Period) [during [] 
(specify any particular times on those days)]. 
 
 
[Securities placed through door-to-door selling 
pursuant to Article 30 of the Financial Services Act 
will be offered during the Offer Period. Pursuant to 
article 30, paragraph 6, of the Legislative Decree 24 
February 1998, no. 58, as subsequently amended 
(the Financial Services Act), the validity and 
enforceability of the contracts entered into through 
door-to-door selling is suspended for a period of 
seven days after the investors' signature of the same. 
Within such period investors may communicate 
their withdrawal to the relevant [ ] Authorised 
Offeror without any charge or commission] (insert 
where the Securities are offered in Italy and 
relevant) 
 
 
(specify for each jurisdiction in which a Non-exempt 
Offer is being undertaken and include details of 
terms relating to lengthening and/or shortening of 
offer period) 
 
 
Offers (if any) in any Member State other than the 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) will only be made 
pursuant to an exemption from the obligation under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus 
 
 
[Authorised Offeror(s) means [] [and []].] 
 
 
[Initial Authorised Offeror(s) means [] [and [
]].]

--- Page 865 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
839
 
 
 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) means [Austria / 
Bulgaria / Cyprus / Denmark / Finland / The 
Netherlands / France / Germany / Greece / Hungary 
/ Ireland / Italy / Luxembourg / Norway / Poland / 
Portugal / Romania / Slovakia / Spain / Sweden / the 
Czech Republic]  
 
 
See further Paragraph [12] below. 
 
(ix) 
[General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
[Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other conditions to 
which the consent given is subject]. 
 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make the 
Offer. No such offer should be made in any relevant 
jurisdiction until those requirements have been met. 
Offers may only be made into jurisdictions in which 
the base prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported.)] 
 
(xi) 
[Withdrawal right according to 
Article 
63(5) 
of 
the 
Swiss 
Financial 
Services 
Ordinance 
(FinSO): 
[Applicable. If an obligation to prepare a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus according to Article 56(1) 
FinSA is triggered during the Offer Period, investors 
who have already subscribed or agreed to purchase 
or subscribe for Securities before any such 
supplement to the Base Prospectus is published have 
the right to withdraw their subscriptions and 
acceptances within a period of two days from the 
publication of such supplement regardless of 
whether the Offer Period closes prior to the expiry 
of such two day period.] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and 
the Final Terms for the Securities is filed and 
deposited with a review body in Switzerland for 
entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA) 
 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [, other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] []-[] (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the relevant 
specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified 
period(s), "Applicable" should be specified and 
details provided accordingly) 
 
(xiii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
Not Applicable/Applicable [during the period[s] [
]-[] (repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute

--- Page 866 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
840
 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the relevant 
specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified 
period(s), "Applicable" should be specified and 
details provided accordingly) 
 
(xiv) 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Each holder of a Security, by its acquisition of a 
Security or a beneficial interest in a Security, will be 
deemed to represent to the Issuer, the Arranger and 
the Dealers that it (1) is not a Risk Retention U.S. 
Person and (2) is not acquiring such Security or a 
beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to 
evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules (including acquiring such Security through a 
non-Risk Retention U.S. Person, rather than a Risk 
Retention U.S. Person, as part of a scheme to evade 
the 10 per cent. Risk Retention U.S. Person 
limitation in the exemption provided for in Section 
20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules described 
herein).] 
12. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 11(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable) 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][] 
 
Conditions to which the Offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 867 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
841
 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s), 
address(es), 
legal 
entity 
identifier, domicile, legal form and law and 
country of incorporation to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[None/give details] 
13. 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
(Use this sentence if the Securities reference debt obligations of one or more U.S. issuers) [The 
Securities are Underlying U.S. Obligor Securities.]  
 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final) [The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are Specified ELIs for the purposes of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Underlying(s) for the Securities consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices 
and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are not Specified ELIs.]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the Securities consist solely of (i) one or more 
indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities 
and/or (ii) Underlying(s) that are neither U.S. equities nor indices that include U.S. equities and, 
therefore, that the Securities are not Specified ELIs]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the 
Securities do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are not 
Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be 
updated at issuance) [The following is based on information available as of the date of this Final 
Terms. [The Issuer would treat the Securities as Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 
871(m).]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the Underlying(s) 
for the Securities consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the Underlying(s) 
for the Securities consist solely of (i) one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are 
Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or (ii) Underlying(s) that are neither U.S. 
equities nor indices that include U.S. equities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as 
Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Securities 
do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs for the 
purpose of Section 871(m).] This information is indicative and will be updated based on 
circumstances at the time the Securities are issued. Please [contact []]/[review the amended 
Final Terms] for further information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Securities.] 
 
[Specify] 
 
(Specify further information when needed; for instance, if the Section 871(m) determination relies 
on the "delta" or when the Securities are subject to Section 871(m)) 
14. 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED 
BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH 
SECURITY WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES" IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER AND

--- Page 868 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
842
 
DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE SCENARIOS PROVIDED 
BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples of complex derivatives securities (if appropriate) to provide a clear and 
comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is 
affected by the value of the Underlying(s)] 
[include additional provisions, not required by the relevant securities note annex, which relate to 
the Underlying(s), per Annex 28 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980]]  
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
14. 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes only) 
 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-] Standard Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
 
Name: 
[] 
 
Address: 
[] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[ ] (For example financials, energy, 
insurance, 
manufacturing, 
construction, 
transport, media determined on the basis of 
available information on the Reference Entity) 
 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted to 
trading: 
[] 
 
[[Non-] 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] securities code: 
[] 
 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference 
Entity. Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Sovereign Reference Entity 
and securities code (e.g. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation/Reference 
Asset or it has no securities code. Note permissible markets for a Reference Entity's securities to 
be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and SME 
Growth Markets. Include reference to Reference Assets above as appropriate for Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes.) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site 
of such Reference Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]  
15. 
SUPPLEMENTAL TRUST DEED 
By executing this Paragraph 15 in Part B of this Final Terms, the parties hereto agree that this 
section is executed as a deed and constitutes a supplemental trust deed made pursuant to Clause 2 
of, and supplemental to, the Master Trust Deed dated [    ], as supplemented and/or amended and/or 
restated from time to time prior to the Issue Date of the Securities (the Master Trust Deed) 
between, inter alios, the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee (the 
Trustee). The parties to this Supplemental Trust Deed agree as follows: 
1. 
The Securities issued pursuant to the Secured Note and Certificate Programme described 
in the above Final Terms are constituted and secured by and in accordance with the Master 
Trust Deed and this Supplemental Trust Deed. The Securities shall be subject to the Terms

--- Page 869 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
843
 
and Conditions of the Securities, as supplemented and varied by the above Final Terms 
(except as otherwise expressed in the above Final Terms). 
2. 
Terms defined in the Master Trust Deed and the Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
when used herein unless the context requires otherwise or unless otherwise stated. [For 
the purposes of this Series only, each reference in the Master Trust Deed to "Security" or 
"Securityholder" (including each reference to each such term in its plural form) shall be 
deemed to be a reference to "Certificate" or "Certificateholder" (or a reference to each 
such term in its plural form), as applicable.] 
3. 
The Master Trust Deed shall henceforth be read and construed in conjunction with this 
Supplemental Trust Deed as one document. 
4. 
The Issuer and the Trustee shall update their internal records to reflect the entry into this 
Supplemental Trust Deed. 
5. 
[The Issuer hereby notifies the Counterparty (or Counterparties) referred to in the above 
Final Terms that by this Supplemental Trust Deed the Issuer has assigned by way of a first 
ranking assignment in favour of the Trustee all its rights, title and interest in and to each 
Charged Agreement (if any) referred to in the above Final Terms and the Counterparty (or 
Counterparties) hereby consent(s) to such assignment.] 
6. 
[] hereby agrees that it shall be the Trustee of the Securities and accordingly shall be 
bound by, and have the benefit of, the Master Trust Deed in respect of the Securities as if 
it had been named therein as a Trustee. 
7. 
[The Issuer hereby agrees with the Counterparty that if, following termination of the 
Charged Agreement on its scheduled termination date or in connection with the exercise 
of an Issuer Call or an Investor Put, it (or any agent on its behalf) receives any further 
redemption proceeds in respect of the fund shares or units held by it in respect of the 
Securities (notwithstanding the redemption, termination or cancellation of the Securities 
on the [Maturity Date]/[Settlement Date] [or the Optional Redemption Date (as 
applicable)]), it shall promptly make payment of such proceeds to such account of the 
Counterparty as the Counterparty may instruct at such time. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Supplemental Trust Deed shall not terminate until all such fund shares or units have 
been redeemed in full and the related proceeds paid to (or to the order of) the 
Counterparty.]

--- Page 870 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
844
 
IN WITNESS whereof this Supplemental Trust Deed has been executed as a deed by each of the 
signatories hereto and delivered on the date of the above Final Terms. 
SIGNATORIES: 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CORPORATION SA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
(société anonyme)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting in respect of the [] Compartment 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting under the authority of that company  
 
 
 
) 
 
Registered office:  
15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen 
L-2411 Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B169603] 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CONCERTO INVESTMENT  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
Director 
 
Registered office:  
PO Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman 
 
KY1-1102, Cayman Islands] 
 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
THE LAW DEBENTURE TRUST  
 
 
 
 
) 
CORPORATION P.L.C. 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
Director 
 
representing Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited, Secretary 
 
Address:  
8th Floor 100 Bishopsgate 
 
London EC2N 4AG] 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
 
 
 
 
) 
EUROPE AG 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
in its capacity as Counterparty 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting under the authority of that company  
 
 
 
) 
 
In the presence of: 
Witness's Signature:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
Name: 
 
Address:  
Börsenplatz 7-11 
 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
 
[delete if not a Counterparty in respect of the Securities] 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
 
 
 
 
) 
LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
)

--- Page 871 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
845
 
in its capacity as Counterparty 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting under the authority of that company  
 
 
 
) 
 
In the presence of: 
Witness's Signature:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
Name: 
 
Address: 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB] 
 
[delete if not a Counterparty in respect of the Securities] 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CITIBANK, N.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
in its capacity as Counterparty 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting under the authority of that company  
 
 
 
)] 
 
[delete if not a Counterparty in respect of the Securities] 
 
 
[Include other signatory blocks as necessary (for example if the Trustee is not The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. or if the Counterparty is not Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited or Citibank, N.A.)] 
 
Notes: 
* 
Delete if the minimum denomination is greater than or equal to EUR100,000 (or its equivalent)

--- Page 872 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
846
 
[ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
(insert completed Summary for the Securities where the denomination of the Securities is less than 
EUR100,000)]

--- Page 873 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
847
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[] 
[] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[] 
[] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[] 
[] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[] 
[] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 874 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
848
 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[] 
[] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[] 
[] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity: 
Weighted 
Average 
Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 875 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
849
 
SECTION E.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[Include if applicable: MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Include if applicable: UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Securities is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the 
EUWA) (as amended, UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer's target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s] []-[] (repeat periods as necessary)], [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, varied or 
replaced from time to time, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the EU Prospectus Regulation). Consequently[, save as 
provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[]-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations 
made thereunder (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 876 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
850
 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - The Issuer has determined the classification of the 
Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA- N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].3  
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities [during the period[s] []-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA) or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he Securities are not intended to be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA)/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on 
the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 
4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) 
FinSA.]4 
[The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of 
FinSA, and this Pricing Supplement, the Base Prospectus and any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Securities may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available to investors 
in Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer or 
distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither this Pricing Supplement, nor the 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to FinSA.]5 
[The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). They are neither subject to 
authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA 
(FINMA), and investors in Securities will not benefit from protection under the CISA or 
supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer.]6 
[Include if the Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or similar objectives: the Underlying(s) of Securities may be described or marketed as having 
"green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives. Notwithstanding the use of 
such term(s), such Underlying(s) (or the administrator(s) thereof) (a) may not meet investors' objectives 
or expectations as regarding investments having such or similar labels or objectives and/or (b) may not 
fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding investments having such or other 
similar labels or objectives.] 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
[Ensemble Investment Corporation SA / Concerto Investment Corporation Limited] 
 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3  
To insert notice if classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual"). 
4  
Include if Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
5  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland. 
6  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 877 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
851
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[213800NJ3XBQ6WAELG95]/[549300LJF2WFSTBO7175] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Securities or 
Units of Tranche) Units of (specify principal amount of or number for each Unit)] [Title of Securities] 
Under the Secured Note and Certificate Programme 
No prospectus is required in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation 
(each as defined below) in relation to Securities which are the subject of this Pricing Supplement. 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been 
prepared on the basis that: 
(a) 
any offer of Securities in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
the Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member 
State of the Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
in each case, in relation to such offer; and 
(b) 
any offer of Securities in the United Kingdom (UK) will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
the Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in the UK of the 
Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended, the FSMA) or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
None of the Issuer and any Dealer has authorised, nor does any of them authorise, the making of any 
offer of Securities in any other circumstances. For the purposes hereof, the expression EU Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and UK Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the EUWA). 
The Securities [and the Securities Guarantee] have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool 
operator of the Issuer under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the CEA) and the rules of 
the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission thereunder (the CFTC Rules). Furthermore, the 
Issuer has not registered and will not register as an "investment company" under the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. Consequently, the Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged, 
resold, delivered or otherwise transferred except in an "offshore transaction" (as such term is defined 
under Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) to persons that: (1) are not "U.S. persons" 
(as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S); (2) do not come within any definition of 
U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA or any CFTC rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by 
the CFTC under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States 
person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for the purposes of 
subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States 
persons", shall be considered a U.S. person); (3) are not, and whose purchasing and holding of the 
Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I 
of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual 
retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any 
laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; [and] (4) 
are not "United States persons" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code[; and (5) are not 
U.S. persons (as such term is defined in the final credit risk retention regulations issued under Section 
15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)] (any such person falling within (1), (2), 
(3) [,/and] (4) [and (5)] immediately above, a Permitted Purchaser). If a Permitted Purchaser acquiring

--- Page 878 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
852
 
the Securities is doing so for the account or benefit of another person, such other person must also be a 
Permitted Purchaser. The Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale 
of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA and trading in the Securities 
has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the CEA. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Securities, see "Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Listing Particulars together with any Additional 
Selling Restrictions contained in item 8 of Part B below. Each purchaser and transferee of the Securities 
will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments, representations and agreements as set out in the 
section titled "Notice to Investors" in the Base Listing Particulars. 
The Securities may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Securities is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject 
to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The Securities are English Law Securities. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
each relevant Schedule) [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] Underlying] in the Base 
Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars].  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement 
and the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented].  
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [[the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [the website of the London Stock Exchange 
(www.londonstockexchange.com)] [,/and] [the website of [ ] at [ ]]]. [In addition, this Pricing 
Supplement is available []].  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Base Listing Particulars means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme 
dated 16 April 2025.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Base Listing Particulars means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme 
dated 16 April 2025, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] ([the] Supplement [No.[]]) 
[and a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] (Supplement No.[] and, together with Supplement No.[], the 
Supplements)].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date or under this Base Listing Particulars but 
prior to the publication of one or more supplements.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Schedule) [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] 
Underlying] in the Base Listing Particulars [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing 
Particulars].  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Listing Particulars [as 
supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars] [and are incorporated by reference 
into the Current Base Listing Particulars]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities

--- Page 879 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
853
 
is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing 
Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars] and the Current Base Listing 
Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing Particulars].  
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars] [is/are] available for 
viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on 
the website of [] at []]. The Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current 
Base Listing Particulars] [is/are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)] [,/and] [the website of [] at []]. In addition, this Pricing Supplement is available [
].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, Base Listing Particulars means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base 
Prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 16 April 2025.]  
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, Base Listing Particulars means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base 
Prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 16 April 2025, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[
]) dated [] ([the] Supplement [to the Base Listing Particulars] [No.[]]) [and a Supplement (No.[]) 
dated [] (Supplement No. [] and, together with Supplement No.[], the Supplements to the Base 
Listing Particulars)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, Current Base Listing Particulars means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus in relation 
to the Programme dated 16 April 2025.]  
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, Current Base Listing Particulars means the [Ensemble/Concerto] Base Prospectus in relation 
to the Programme dated 16 April 2025, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] ([the] 
Supplement [to the Current Base Listing Particulars] [No.[]]) [and a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] 
(Supplement No.[] and, together with Supplement No.[], the Supplements to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars)].]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[When completing any Pricing Supplement consideration should be given as to whether the relevant 
terms or information constitute "significant new factors" relating to information included in the Base 
Listing Particulars which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Exempt Securities to be listed on 
the Euro MTF and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Ensemble 
Investment 
Corporation 
SA][Concerto 
Investment 
Corporation 
Limited] 
 
(ii) 
Issuer Credit Enhancer and specified 
office: 
[name and address][Not Applicable] 
(If an Issuer Credit Enhancer is appointed in 
respect of any Securities and the relevant 
Securities Guarantee is an unconditional and 
irrevocable 
guarantee, 
then, 
where 
the 
Securities are listed on any relevant stock 
exchange, the requirements of the relevant 
stock exchange must be complied with (e.g., 
where the Securities are listed on the Euronext 
Dublin GEM, such information triggers the 
need for listing particulars))

--- Page 880 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
854
 
 
(iii) 
Counterpart[y][ies] 
and 
specified 
office: 
[name and address][Not Applicable] 
(if both Swap Agreement and SL Agreement are 
applicable, 
include 
each 
Swap 
Counterparty/ies and SL Counterparty/ies) 
 
(iv) 
Credit Support Provider and specified 
office: 
[name and address][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Trustee and specified office: 
[The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c., 
8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate Street, London 
EC2N 4AG/specify other] 
2. 
(i) 
Type of Security: 
[Note[s]] [Certificate[s]] 
[Exercise style: the Certificates are [European 
style]/[Multiple Exercise] Certificates [and 
Automatic Exercise applies]] ((applicable in 
the case where "Certificate[s]" is specified 
above") (if applicable, replace references in 
the Final Terms to redemption with references 
to termination, references to interest with 
references to coupon and references to 
maturity date with settlement date) 
[Notes, but referred to as "Certificates"] (if 
applicable, complete the Final Terms as if the 
Securities were Notes save to replace 
references in the Final Terms to "Note(s)" with 
"Certificates(s)", references to redemption 
with references to termination, references to 
interest with references to premium and 
references to maturity date with final 
termination date) 
 
(ii) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Class of Securities: 
[][Securities][Units (each Unit being [] in 
principal amount of the Securities)]/[(each Unit 
consisting of [] Securities)] 
 
(iv) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, specify 
details of that Series, including the date on 
which the Securities become fungible)] 
 
(v) 
Date on which the Securities will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The [identify present 
Tranche] will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[]/[the Issue Date]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[ ]/[The Securities are Dual Currency 
Securities. Specified Currency means: 
 
 
(a) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination (if applicable) and the 
Calculation 
Amount 
(the 
Denomination Currency): []

--- Page 881 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
855
 
 
 
(b) 
in 
respect 
of 
payments 
and/or 
deliveries (the Relevant Currency): [
]] 
4. 
[Aggregate Principal Amount]/[Number of 
Securities]: 
 
 
(i) 
Class: 
[][Securities][Units (each Unit being [] in 
principal amount of the Securities)]/[(each Unit 
consisting of [] Securities)]  
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[][Securities][Units (each Unit being [] in 
principal amount of the Securities)] [per cent. 
of the Aggregate Principal Amount converted 
into the Relevant Currency at the Initial FX 
Rate, being [specify in Relevant Currency] in 
respect of the Aggregate Principal Amount. 
Initial FX Rate means [ ]]/[each Unit 
consisting of [] Securities] 
 
(iii) 
Tranche: 
[][Securities][Units (each Unit being [] in 
principal amount of the Securities)]/[each Unit 
consisting of [] Securities] 
 
 
[The 
Securities 
are 
issued 
in 
Units. 
Accordingly, references herein to Units shall 
be deemed to be references to [[] in principal 
amount of the]/[a number of []] Securities and 
all references in the Conditions to payments 
and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Security shall be construed to such payments 
and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Unit] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate 
Principal Amount / Number of Securities in 
respect of each Tranche) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date](insert 
for 
fungible 
issues, 
if 
applicable)]/[[] per Security]/[] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in 
respect of each Tranche) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]/[Unit]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable 
for Notes – specify "Not Applicable" for 
Certificates) 
(in the case of Registered Securities, this means 
the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[][Unit][per Certificate] 
(If the Securities are Notes with only one 
Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common 
factor. N.B. There must be a common factor in

--- Page 882 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
856
 
the 
case 
of 
two 
or 
more 
Specified 
Denominations) 
(For Certificates, the Calculation Amount does 
not reflect a principal amount, but the term 
must be specified as it is necessary for use in 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and 
other places) 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[[]] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
[Maturity Date: 
(If the Securities are Credit Linked Notes, 
replace 
"Maturity 
Date" 
above 
with 
"Scheduled Maturity Date") 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business Day Convention][Interest Payment 
Date falling on or nearest to []][] where 
EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of 
Settlement Business Days following the [last 
occurring] Final Valuation Date] 
 
(If the Securities are Certificates, delete the 
above and insert the following: 
 
 
[Exercise Date(s): 
[Each] [Valuation Date]/[The Final Valuation 
Date] 
 
Settlement Date: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business Day Convention][Interest Payment 
Date falling on or nearest to []][] where 
EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of 
Settlement Business Days following the [last 
occurring] Final Valuation Date]] 
9. 
Type of Securities: 
[[Fixed 
Rate 
Securities/Floating 
Rate 
Securities/CMS 
Rate 
Securities/Spread 
Securities/Inflation Rate Securities/Interim 
Performance Interest Securities/Twin Win 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest 
Securities/Reverse 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest Securities/Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount/Buy the Dip Securities] [and Range 
Accrual Securities/Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities /Multi-Chance Securities/Lookback 
Securities [(Memory Effect/Without Memory 
Effect)]]] [The Securities do not bear or pay 
any interest] [if an Interest Barrier Event [does 
not] occur[s] [and]][The Securities do not pay 
any Coupon Amount if a Coupon Barrier Event 
[does not] occur[s] [and]]] (repeat as 
necessary) [Specify other] 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are 
applicable as specified in item 16[(iii)] below] 
 
 
The 
[Securities 
are 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities and the] Redemption Amount of the

--- Page 883 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
857
 
Securities is determined in accordance with 
item 16(iv) [and, as the Underlying Linked 
Securities 
Redemption 
Provisions 
are 
applicable, item 16(v)] below]  
 
 
The Securities are Cash Settled Securities 
[and/or may be Physical Settlement Securities] 
 
 
[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities] 
[In order to receive the Entitlement on the 
[Maturity Date]/[Settlement Date] (subject 
as 
provided 
in 
the 
Conditions), 
Securityholders should complete and deliver 
an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with 
the Conditions in any event as it may not be 
known prior to the Cut-off Date whether the 
Securities will be cash settled and/or settled 
by physical delivery of the Entitlement] 
10. 
Change of Interest basis or Redemption / 
Payment basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for 
convertibility of Securities into another 
interest or redemption/payment basis][Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 16(i) below] 
[Investor Put as specified in item 16(ii) below]
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Korean Market Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED SECURITIES AND EARLY 
REDEMPTION 
13. 
Underlying Linked Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable – the provisions in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule apply (subject as 
provided 
in 
any 
relevant 
Underlying 
Schedule)][Not Applicable [other than as 
specified below in the relation to Early 
Redemption]] (if the Securities are Korean 
Market Notes, the Securities should redeem at 
least at par) 
 
(i) 
Underlying(s): 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or 
other identification number where available, 
including definitions, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security Index/Inflation Index/Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary 
Receipt/ETF Share/ Mutual Fund Interest/FX 
Rate (EMTA Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/[/]Proprietary 
Index/Dividend 
Futures Contract/Rate]

--- Page 884 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
858
 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest 
rates which are published on an Electronic 
Page may be specified) 
 
 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[] (specify for each Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Particulars 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying: 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Security Index) 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single Exchange Index/Multiple Exchange 
Index][Bond Index] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single 
Exchange Indices) 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Single Valuation Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published 
on the relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify 
Not Applicable where the level for a Valuation 
Date is taken regardless of which day it is 
published)] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation 
Index Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[
]][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Revision of level of Inflation 
Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" 
is specified, "No Revision" will be deemed to 
apply)] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Commodity Index) 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Applicable where the level published 
on the relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify 
Not Applicable where the level for a Valuation 
Date is taken regardless of which day it is 
published)] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and 
low prices][closing price][opening price][bid 
price][asked price][average of bid and asked 
prices][settlement price][official settlement

--- Page 885 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
859
 
price] 
[official 
price] 
[morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][ ] [per 
[insert unit]] of [insert commodity] on [the 
relevant Exchange/(specify other source)] [of 
the [relevant] Futures Contract for the 
[relevant] Delivery Date] as made public by 
[the [relevant] Exchange] on [the [relevant] 
Price 
Source]] 
[(specify 
price)][Fallback 
Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] 
[month 
and 
year] 
[[First/Second/Third/other] Nearby Month] 
[Either (i) the [First/Second/ Third/ other] 
Nearby Month or (ii) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the relevant Valuation Date 
falls less than [[]] Commodity Business Days 
prior to the earlier of (A) the last trading day of 
the relevant [First/Second/Third/other] Futures 
Contract; or (B) the first day on which notice of 
intent to deliver in respect of the relevant 
[First/Second/Third/other] Futures Contract 
may be submitted (howsoever defined in the 
terms of the relevant Futures Contract and/or 
the rules of the relevant Exchange), the 
[First/Second/Third/other] 
Nearby 
Month][specify date] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page][] 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source 
shall be the Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[] 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for 
Bullion Commodities in the Commodity 
Conditions is not applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled 
Share) 
Component Share: [] 
Component Share Company: [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 886 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
860
 
 
(B) 
Partial Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(D) 
Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying Share Company: 
[] 
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(G) 
Underlying Share Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share) 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled Interim Valuation Date/Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date]] 
 
(D) 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Applicable where the value published 
on the relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify 
Not Applicable where the value for a Valuation 
Date is taken regardless of which day it is 
published)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[]] / [the 
product of [] and [[]] / [the quotient of [[]] 
(as numerator) and [[]] (as denominator)]]] 
(delete or combine as applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
 
 
- 
Base Currency: 
[] 
 
- 
Quote Currency: 
[] 
 
- 
Event 
Currency 
/Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
(N.B.: 
only 
required 
if 
"General 
Inconvertibility", 
"General 
Non-
Transferability", 
"Material 
Change 
in

--- Page 887 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
861
 
Circumstances", "Nationalisation", "Specific 
Inconvertibility" 
or 
"Specific 
Non-
Transferability" are specified as Currency 
Disruption Events below) 
 
- 
Specified 
Financial 
Centres: 
[] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
(C) 
Dual Currency Securities: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable. 
The 
Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate is [specify FX Rate] 
[and for which purpose the Specified Valuation 
Date shall be (specify days) prior to (but 
excluding) each day on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities]] 
(specify for Dual Currency Securities where 
there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(D) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf 
Rate is [specify FX Rate.] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any 
fallback rates) 
[] in respect of the Primary Rate
 
 
[[] in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Price]
 
 
[[ ] in respect of the Second Fallback 
Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
 
(D) 
Settlement Currency: 
[] 
 
(E) 
Reference 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(F) 
Settlement 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days: 
[] 
 
(H) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[] consecutive calendar days 
 
(I) 
Dual Currency Securities: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable. 
The 
Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate is [specify FX Rate] 
[and for which purpose the Specified Valuation 
Date shall be [(specify days)] prior to (but 
excluding) each day on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities]] 
(specify for Dual Currency Securities where

--- Page 888 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
862
 
there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(J) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf 
Rate is [specify FX Rate.] 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
(Specify for each Proprietary Index) 
 
(A) 
[Index Sponsor 
For the purposes hereof, the Index Sponsor in 
respect of the Proprietary Index is the Index 
Administrator (as defined in the Index 
Conditions) 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Specify if different to the Proprietary Index 
Conditions/A Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
an "Index Business Day" as defined in the 
Index Conditions]] 
 
[Dividend Futures Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Exchange(s): 
[] 
 
(B) 
Relevant Price: 
["daily settlement price"/"final settlement 
price"][see specified item []] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [] (specify each)] [A 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each type of 
Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which 
are not applicable.) 
 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional 
Adjustment Events and Additional Early 
Redemption Events in respect of each type of 
underlying, either the Additional Adjustment 
Events or the Additional Early Redemption 
Events (with the option to specify the Early 
Redemption Amount) must be applicable. 
Alternatively, both the relevant Additional 
Adjustment Events and the Additional Early 
Redemption Events may be applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Additional Adjustment 
Events should not be disapplied at the same 
time as the Additional Early Redemption 
Events) 
 
[Security Index/Indices:

--- Page 889 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
863
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Security Index Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Security Index Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date []] 
 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/[]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is 
specified, the cut-off date will be 2 Business 
Days prior to any relevant Payment Date) 
 
(C) 
Revision Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/[]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, 
the cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior 
to any relevant Payment Date) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Inflation Index Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices:

--- Page 890 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
864
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Commodity Index Condition 4(a): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity Index Condition 4(b): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Commodity 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution 
is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[ 
]/As determined by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity 
Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, 
the Commodity Dealers shall be four leading 
dealers in the relevant market selected by the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not 
applicable to the Securities, specify Not 
Applicable or this section can be deleted) 
 
(B) 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) 
applies]
[Disappearance of Commodity Price]
[Material Change in Content]
[Material Change in Formula]

--- Page 891 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
865
 
[Price Source Disruption]
[Tax Disruption]
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional 
futures/options contracts)] 
 
(C) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[Commodity 
Condition 
3(b) 
(Disruption 
Fallback) applies.] [The following Disruption 
Fallbacks apply, in the following order: 
 
 
[Fallback 
Commodity 
Price 
(specify 
alternative Commodity Price)] 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers]
[Delayed Publication and Announcement]
[Postponement]
[Calculation Agent Determination]
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Events: 
[Abandonment 
of 
Scheme 
(N.B. 
only 
applicable where the Underlying is an 
emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow]  
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Reference 
Index/As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Delisting: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable:

--- Page 892 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
866
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is 
Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share 
Additional Adjustment Event is Applicable: 
Component Share Additional Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Corporate Action]  
[Insolvency]  
[Merger Event]  
[Nationalisation]  
[Tender Offer] 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]]]

--- Page 893 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
867
 
(repeat as necessary for each Component 
Share Additional Adjustment Event(s)) 
 
(D) 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of 
[insert 
relevant 
Share] 
as 
[Interest 
Underlying(s)[,/and/or] 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying(s)] 
[,/and/or] 
[Redemption Underlying(s)] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Dividend Screen Page: [] 
 
 
Start Date: [Interest Strike Date] [,/and] 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date] 
[,/and] [Redemption Strike Date] [,/and] [] 
The Underlying Closing Level on the Start 
Date is [the Price on the Start Date]/[] 
 
 
Target Dividend: [] 
 
 
Applicable Percentage: [] 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution 
is 
applicable: 
 
 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria: 
Depositary Receipt: [Same Underlying Share 
and Currency/As determined by Calculation 
Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying 
Share: 
[Reference 
Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: 
Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 894 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
868
 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Delisting 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Insolvency 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger 
Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
4 
- 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying 
Share Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
4 
– 
Underlying Share Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]]

--- Page 895 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
869
 
 
(B) 
ETF Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related 
Index. [To specify unless limb (b) of "Related 
Index" is being relied on: For which purpose, 
the Related Index is []] (specify for each ETF 
Share where there is a basket of ETF 
Shares)/As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Corporate Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Corporate Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Insolvency: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Merger Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Tender Offer: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable:

--- Page 896 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
870
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Fund 
Modification: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Fund Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Strategy Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Strategy Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Regulatory 
Action: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Regulatory Action Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Cross 
Contamination: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Cross Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event]  
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the 
AUM Threshold is [] (specify AUM 
Threshold if different to the Conditions)] 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
[Limitation Event] 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger 
Percentage, if applicable)] 
[New Information Event] 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which 
purpose [] shall be a relevant party] (specify 
other relevant party (if any))] 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
[Delisting] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 897 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
871
 
[Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria: 
[Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest. For which 
purpose, the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
Criteria is:
 
 
 
[Liquidity] 
 
[Similar Strategy] 
 
[Same Currency] 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Nationalisation 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Adviser 
Resignation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Adviser 
Resignation is Applicable:

--- Page 898 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
872
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting 
Disruption: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting 
Disruption is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund 
Service Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a 
Fund Service Provider is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable:

--- Page 899 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
873
 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
 
Primary Rate: 
 
    [] 
 
Secondary Rate:  
    [] 
 
Price Materiality Percentage:[]] 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX 
Rate 
Part 
A 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
 
 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[]] 
per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback 
Reference Rate [and the Second 
Fallback Reference Rate]/ []]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in 
the following order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related First Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [] 
 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: []] 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related Second Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [] 
 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: []

--- Page 900 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
874
 
 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [] 
 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: []] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate 
and the order in which they apply) 
 
(C) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each 
FX Rate where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX 
Rate 
Part 
B 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 4(a) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Component Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
[Component 
Valuation 
Roll: 
[]/[Eight] 
 
– 
[Component 
Disrupted 
Day:] 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a "Disrupted Day" as 
defined for such Component in the Index 
Conditions] 
 
– 
[Component 
Scheduled 
Trading Day:] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of a Component shall be a "Scheduled 
Trading Day" as defined for such Component 
in the Index Conditions]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If 
Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
5 
is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]]

--- Page 901 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
875
 
 
(D) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[Dividend Futures Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition is 4 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A): 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 
6(b)(A) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Additional Early Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Dividend Futures Contract 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[Underlying RMB Currency Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
Other provisions relating to an RMB Currency Event 
 
– 
[RMB Relevant Currency: 
[]

--- Page 902 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
876
 
 
– 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency 
Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page: 
[] 
 
– 
RMB Settlement Centre: 
[] (Specify)/ [Hong Kong]] 
 
(vi) 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Early 
Termination Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Section 
871(m) 
Event 
(Hedging): 
Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Material 
Increased 
Cost: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(xiv) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Obligor 
Counterparty Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(xv) 
Investor Put for taxation reasons 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
8(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons at 
the Option of the Securityholders and 
Redemption for Force Majeure, Act of 
State, Illegality or Impossibility), of 
the General Conditions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 903 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
877
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ANY INTEREST AMOUNT, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
AND ANY ENTITLEMENT DELIVERABLE 
(In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates", each reference below to "interest", 
"Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" (and related 
expressions) shall be changed to (in the case of Certificates) "coupon amount", "Coupon Payment 
Date", "Coupon Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in the case of Notes that are 
titled "Certificates") to "premium", "Premium Payment Date", "Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and 
"Premium Underlying".) 
14. 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Securities do 
not bear or pay interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
different 
Underlyings, Interest Valuation Dates, Interest 
Payment Dates, Interest Barrier Event or 
Interest Lock-in Event, repeat item and insert: 
In respect of (insert Underlying, Interest 
Valuation Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Barrier Event or Interest Lock-in Event as 
applicable):] 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Strike 
Level, 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
Interest 
Amount/Rate, IPR, Interest Payment 
Date(s), Specified Interest Valuation 
Date(s), Lower Interest Barrier Level, 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, Interest 
Barrier Level, Specified Interest 
Barrier Observation Date, See Table 
below 
[See Table below] [specify any relevant 
provisions] [See item 14(iii) below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Non-Contingent Interest Provisions 
where Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.4(a) applies  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
[] per Security 
 
(B) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount Payment Dates: 
[] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the [Modified Following/Preceding/Following] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Interest 
Provisions where Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1.5 applies:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest 
Amount/Interest 
Rate 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/[specify] per 
Security] 
 
(B) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] [As defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7] 
 
(C) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [See Table below]

--- Page 904 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
878
 
 
(D) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ] [in each year] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(F) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify in respect of an Interest Payment Date] 
[[Each] such Valuation Date shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2/specify]] [[In respect of an Underlying, 
each/Each] Scheduled Trading Day for [the/all 
the/such] 
Underlying[s] 
during 
[specify 
period].] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2 shall not apply in 
respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Strike Dates 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred][the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Interest Strike Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:][Not Applicable][] [and []][[
] Scheduled Trading Days prior to []] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Interest 
Underlying which is not a Disrupted Day for 
that Interest Underlying from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] []] (where a different Specified 
Interest Strike Date applies for any Interest 
Underlying, 
specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Underlying) 
 
[Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [] (where a 
different Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date applies for any Interest Underlying, 
specify for each Interest Underlying)]

--- Page 905 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
879
 
 
(v) 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest, 
Interim Performance Provisions and 
provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) and Interest 
Barrier Events 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
different 
Underlyings, Interest Valuation Dates, Interest 
Payment Dates, Interest Barrier Event, Interest 
Amounts or Interest Lock-in Event, repeat item 
and insert: In respect of [insert Underlying, 
Interest Valuation Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Barrier Event, Interest Amount or 
Interest Lock-in Event as applicable]:] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest: 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Underlying: 
[[ ]][The Underlyings specified in item 12 
above] [and [each] such Interest Underlying 
shall be an Interim Outperformance [A/B] 
Underlying 
(specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Underlying where Outperformance Provisions 
apply in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions)] 
 
(B) 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s): 
[The Interest Underlying/All of the Interest 
Underlyings/Any 
Interest 
Underlying/The 
Interim Performance Underlying/Each Interest 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [ ] 
Interest Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 906 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
880
 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with highest 
(or 
equal 
highest) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with [ ] 
highest 
(or 
[

] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interest Underlying) 
[]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with lowest 
(or 
equal 
lowest) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[] 
[]%

--- Page 907 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
881
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest 
Underlying) 
 
 
[] 
[]%] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the highest)]] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 908 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
882
 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance - European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the lowest)] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 909 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
883
 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance - European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
(E) 
Outperformance Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interim Performance Provisions for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 910 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
884
 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with [] highest (or [] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest Payment 
Date] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[] 
[]%] 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 911 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
885
 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 912 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
886
 
 
Interim Performance Provisions for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with [] highest (or [] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest Payment 
Date] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]%

--- Page 913 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
887
 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[] 
[]%] 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 914 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
888
 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 915 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
889
 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable - [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
Provisions: 
 
 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap - Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: []] 
 
Single Floor - Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: []] 
 
Single Cap – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: []] 
 
Single Floor – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: []] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Interest threshold Percentage: [
]% 
 
 
Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: []%]

--- Page 916 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
890
 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) Percentage: []] 
(repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis 
Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: []%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis - 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
 
 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[]% 
 
 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[]% 
 
 
 
(repeat, as necessary, 
for each Best Oasis 
Performer up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
 
 
[X.] 
Best Oasis Performer 
[X] 
[]% 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Sum] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Sum]

--- Page 917 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
891
 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet 
Return 
Less 
Absolute 
Period 
Performance – Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet 
Return 
Less 
Absolute 
Period 
Performance – Product] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject to 
a [Maximum Period Performance] [and] 
[Minimum Period Performance] [of []%] [and 
[]%, respectively]. 
 
 
B is equal to [].] 
 
 
A is equal to [] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 918 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
892
 
 
X. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
XI. Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]] 
 
 
[Insert the following if Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer: 
[Highest (or equal highest) [positive] integer] 
[Lowest (or equal lowest) [positive] integer]  
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Multiple: [] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: []] 
 
XII. Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph if N/A) 
 
 
[Cliquet A] [Cliquet B] [Cliquet C] [Cliquet A 
Absolute] [Cliquet B Absolute] [Cliquet C 
Absolute] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B or Cliquet B 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest applies. 
 
 
U means [] 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period 
if more than 1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest applies. 
 
 
U means [] 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Decimal:

--- Page 919 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
893
 
Valuation 
Period: 
 
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period 
if more than 1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Interest Target: [] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Decimal: []]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Cap: [] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Floor: []]  
 
(H) 
Himalaya Interim Performance 
– Asian Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 920 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
894
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Initial Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing Level 
on Interest Strike Date/Closing Level on 
Interest Re-Strike Date IPD/ Closing Level on 
Interest 
Re-Strike 
Date 
IVD/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/(specify 
(in 
table 
format, 
where 
appropriate) for each Interest Underlying)]  
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Interest Strike Dates will need to be specified) 
 
 
(repeat this sub paragraph if necessary in 
respect of each Interest Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked Interest Amount (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
[Interest Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Interest 
Initial 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] []/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Interest Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing Level 
on Interest Valuation Date/Arithmetic Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Interest 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest 
Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on

--- Page 921 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
895
 
Interest Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level 
on Interest Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day 
Level on Interest Valuation Dates] (specify for 
each Interest Underlying) (repeat this sub 
paragraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
Provisions relating to an Interest 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Barrier Event: 
[Insert as appropriate – In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date/Interest Valuation Date 
and/or Interest Underlying, as appropriate):] 
[Interest Barrier Event European Observation/ 
Interest Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation/Interest Barrier Event American 
Performance Observation/Interest Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Interest 
Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-
Day Level/Interest Barrier Event American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Interest Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies.] (repeat sub paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Interest Barrier Event Lock-In: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Provisions relating to the rate or 
amount of interest due 
[Fixed 
Rate 
Securities/Floating 
Rate 
Securities/CMS 
Rate 
Securities/Spread 
Securities/Inflation Rate Securities] [Twin 
Win/Reserve] [Interim Performance Interest 
Securities] [Buy the Dip Securities] [and Range 
Accrual Securities/Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities/Multi-Chance Securities/Lookback 
Securities [(Memory Effect/Without Memory 
Effect)]]] 
[See 
item 
(iii) 
above] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
 
II. 
Lookback Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[Applicable only 
in respect of the Interest Amount[s] payable in 
respect of the following Interest Payment 
Date[s]: []] 
[Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the

--- Page 922 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
896
 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: []]] 
[Without Memory Effect: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: []]] 
 
III. 
Multi-Chance Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[OR: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
II. 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities: 
[Applicable. For which purpose: 
 
 
Range Accrual Determination Date 
means [Business Day/calendar day] 
 
 
Range Accrual Value What You Can 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Range 
Accrual 
Move 
in 
Block 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Cut-Off Number means [] Business Days 
 
 
/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 12(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[[] in each year]/[] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
IV. Interest Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Security, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []][As set out in 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule] 
 
V. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Security, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Interest Amount)] 
 
VI. Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies 
where the Securities are Range Accrual 
Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [x Accrual Rate]

--- Page 923 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
897
 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate 
applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
[1/1] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies 
where the Securities are Range Accrual 
Securities) 
 
VII. [Determination Dates: 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
VIII. Other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
II. 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ 
other 
(give 
details)/Not 
Applicable] 
 
III. 
Manner in which the 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/other (give details)] 
 
IV. Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Interest 
Rate(s) and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[] 
 
 
V. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 12(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
VI. Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/ 
CIBOR/ROBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR][BBSW 
(being the Sydney average mid rate for AUD 
bills 
of 
exchange)][BKBM 
(being 
the

--- Page 924 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
898
 
Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)] [specify other] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As 
set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Interbank Market: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/As set out in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule/[ ] day on which 
commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in []] prior to the 
start of each Interest Period/First day of each 
Interest Period/[] day on which the T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
VII. ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of 
the 2021 Definitions and the Floating Rate 
Matrix. If a later version is to be followed, the 
Conditions should be reviewed carefully to 
ensure compatibility with the relevant ISDA 
Rate before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 Definitions) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(Specify for a Compounded/Average Floating 
Rate Option, an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option 
which 
has 
an 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method 
or 
a 
Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The 
first day of the next following Interest Period 
(other than the Final Interest Period, in which

--- Page 925 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
899
 
case, the Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date)/Arrears Setting] (Specify the 
first option if Arrears Setting applies under the 
2021 Definitions and the second option under 
the 2006 Definitions) [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention]  
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" 
applies to such dates, in which case delete the 
reference to Business Day Convention so that 
relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to Business 
Day Conventions will apply) 
 
 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
 
 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
 
 
Payment 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] 
[] (specify any other adjustment that should 
apply) 
 
 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Business Day (for 
the purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions): 
[]] 
 
 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 926 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
900
 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] 
/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] (Applicable only for Compounding 
with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [
]/ 
[Applicable 
Business 
Days]] 
(Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
 
- 
[Average Rate 
Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period 
or in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [ ] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first 
day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]]] (Only include if the 2006 
Definitions apply and the specified Floating 
Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped 
Rate and Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]](Only relevant where an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or the "Index 
Provisions" are specified as Applicable. If not 
included this will be the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction) 
 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 927 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
901
 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
(Include 
the 
following 
only 
if 
using 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is 
to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []]] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator 
of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Interest Period(s) to 
which this applies and Shorter Designated 
Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=][Not Applicable][As set out 
in the Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not 
apply: Fifth London Banking Day prior to the 
end of each Interest Period] [Insert where Index 
Determination applies: The day falling the

--- Page 928 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
902
 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End 
Date for which purpose "Relevant Number" 
means [insert number being two or greater]] [
][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
IX. SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Not 
Applicable/SOFR 
OIS 
Compounding/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify 
not 
applicable 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable) 
 
 
Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table]  
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SOFR OIS Compounding or Index 
Determination is applicable. N.B. must be at 
least two such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments) 
 
 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-
Index Determination: Second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date and Relevant Number 
means [insert number being two or greater]] 
 
 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
XI. Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of the 
[Screen Rate]/[ISDA Rate]/[SONIA Floating 
Rate]/[SONIA Index Floating Rate]/[SOFR

--- Page 929 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
903
 
Floating Rate]/[SOFR Index Floating Rate][[+/-
][] per cent. per annum] 
 
XII. Minimum Interest Rate: 
[See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 12(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] 
(insert 
for 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
 
XIII. Maximum Interest Rate: 
[See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 12(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] 
(insert 
for 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
 
XIV. Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis] (May be selected only 
if the 2006 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Calculation/252] 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] (May be selected only if the 
2021 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
(See Valuation and Settlement Condition 4 for 
alternatives and, where applicable, match Day 
Count Fraction set out in the ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix) 
 
XV. 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions 
and 
other 
terms 
relating to the method 
of calculating interest 
on 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities, if different 
from those set out in 
the 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Schedule: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(C) 
CMS Rate Security: 
[Applicable]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) in relation 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[ ] to and including, [ ]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day

--- Page 930 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
904
 
to 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities: 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 10(e) (Business Day Convention))]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, [ ]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 10(e) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify 
each Interest Period End Date by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
III. 
Party 
responsible 
for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[] 
 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 12(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
V. 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference 
Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[

] 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
[] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap 
Rate) 
[][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Definitions) 
[ ][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Definitions) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate Determination 
is applicable: []] [
] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] [] 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
[]

--- Page 931 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
905
 
 
 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[

] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different 
by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[

] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different 
by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
VI. 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
VII. 
Margin 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 12(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
[Not 
Applicable] (Specify for each Interest Payment 
Date/Interest Period if different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
IX. 
Maximum Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 12(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
X. 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 932 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
906
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
XI. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
XIII. 
Interest 
Participation Rate 2 
(for CMS Reference 
Rate 2): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate (as 
applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 1 / 
Specified Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] in each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][
] per cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and there is more than one 
Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table]
CMS Reference Rate 1
CMS Reference Rate 2
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate]
[Margin 2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate]
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/no
t adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[

]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required)

--- Page 933 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
907
 
 
(D) 
Spread Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
Spread 
Securities: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [] to but excluding, []] [
] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[ ] to, and including, [ ]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 10(e) (Business Day Convention))] 
 
III. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 10(e) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
IV. [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VI. Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VII. Relevant Spread Rate: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread Cap]

--- Page 934 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
908
 
 
 
[Where Spread Cap is applicable, include the 
following sub-paragraphs: 
 
 
V%: 
[] 
 
 
Multiplier: 
[] 
 
 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than 
one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3]] 
 
VIII. Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
1 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or 
(b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) a 
CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each such 
rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
below as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required) 
 
 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or 
(b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) a

--- Page 935 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
909
 
CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each such 
rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
below as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required) 
 
 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 3 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
3 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or 
(b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination applies or (c) a 
CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each such 
rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
below as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required) 
 
 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XI. Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is 
determined by reference to provisions relating 
to Spread Security or specified as Spread 
Reference Rate) 
 
XIII. [Spread Reference Rate: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) 
one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case,

--- Page 936 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
910
 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA, 
Determination 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination applies or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out below as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required)] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest 
Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete 
if not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Specified 
Fixed Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate) [Manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination] applies] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable) [Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)] (if more than one interest rate, 
specify Interest Period End Dates to which each 
interest rate applies by inserting a Reference 
Rate Table below) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)][As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [(specify)] prior to the start of each

--- Page 937 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
911
 
Interest Period/First day of each Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which the T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.7 (Definitions)] 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Screen 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions have been reviewed in 
relation Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 
2021 Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. 
If a later version is to be followed, the 
Conditions should be reviewed carefully to 
ensure compatibility with the relevant ISDA 
Rate before use) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 Definitions) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period] 
[Last day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(Specify for a Compounded/Average Floating 
Rate Option, an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option 
which 
has 
an 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method 
or 
a 
Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The 
first day of the next following Interest Period 
(other than the Final Interest Period, in which 
case, the Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date/Arrears Setting] (Specify the first 
option if Arrears Setting applies under the 2021 
Definitions and the second option under the 
2006 Definitions) [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest

--- Page 938 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
912
 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" 
applies to such dates, in which case delete the 
reference to Business Day Convention so that 
relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to Business 
Day Conventions will apply) 
 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
 
Payment Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] 
[] (specify any other adjustment that should 
apply) 
 
Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment 
for Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Business Day (for the purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions): 
[]] 
 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] 
/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 939 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
913
 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] (Applicable only for Compounding 
with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [
]/ 
[Applicable 
Business 
Days]] 
(Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
 
- 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period 
or in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [ ] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first 
day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]]] (Only include if the 2006 
Definitions apply and the specified Floating 
Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped 
Rate and Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
 
- 
[Day Count Basis: 
[]] (Only relevant where an "Observation Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or "Index 
Provisions" are specified as Applicable. If not 
included this will be the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction) 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
(Include 
the 
following 
only 
if 
using 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the

--- Page 940 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
914
 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is 
to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []]] 
 
- 
[Day Count Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator 
of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Interest Period(s) to 
which this applies and the Shorter Designated 
Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
[Margin (for the ISDA Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the ISDA 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
(insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 
[1]"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 2"] 
(If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert this 
column) 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/ Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/ Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
[-Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market Swap Rate) 
[] 
[] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Maximum 
Reference Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 941 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
915
 
 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
 
Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below)] 
 
(insert table below if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
in respect of the Relevant Spread Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Securities]
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Spread Rate] 
[Margin (Spread Interest 
Rate)] 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest Rate)]
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [
] in each year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[No] [Option One] / [Spread 
Cap] applicable 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][] 
per cent. per annum] (repeat 
as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
(insert table below if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation 
Rate, Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]*
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 
Interest Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation 
Rate] [Spread Rate 3 
Interest Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for "Spread 
Rate 3 Margin", "Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate" if different for each Interest Period. 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 942 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
916
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) and/or 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
Range Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [] to 
and including, [ ]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 10(e) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
 
II. 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 12(vi)(A)) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 12(vi)(B) 
above/CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 12(vi)(C) 
above] 
(specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table below) 
 
III. 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Dual Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Reference 
Observation [1] 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[if applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where there is more than one Reference 
Rate, whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period.] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, specify what the Reference Observation 
will be for each of Reference Observation 1 and 
Reference Observation 2 below and if Triple 
Reference Observation is specified to be applicable, 
specify what the Reference Observation will be for 
each of Reference Observations 1, Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 below] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable, Reference Observation 1) is different for 
each 
Interest 
Period, 
insert 
the 
Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
 
Barrier 
[1] 
(insert "Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more

--- Page 943 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
917
 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier [1] is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal to 
the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert "Barrier 1" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Lower Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Lower 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Upper Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Upper 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread

--- Page 944 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
918
 
[1]): 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable) 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 12(vi)(D)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 12(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or "Triple 
Reference Observation" is applicable) 
 
VII. 
[Reference 
Observation 2: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 2 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable, and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 2 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
2:] 
(insert if Barrier 
1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 2 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
2 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 2/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 2]

--- Page 945 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
919
 
 
 
[Lower Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 2] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 12(vi)(D)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
2):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 12(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is 
applicable) 
 
VIII. 
[Reference 
Observation 3: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 3 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)]

--- Page 946 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
920
 
[If applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where more than one Reference Rate 
whether the Barrier is different for each Reference 
Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 3 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
1 
is 
specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 3 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
3 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 3/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 3]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 3] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 12(vi)(D)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out in below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)

--- Page 947 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
921
 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
3):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 12(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
IX. 
Lev: 
[[ ]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Adj: 
[[ ]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
RA Cap: 
[[ ]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
RA Floor: 
[[ ]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. 
Protected 
Range Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[ ]%] [As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table] (Specify for each 
relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below)] 
 
XIV. 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
XV. 
Accrual 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the definition 
of "Accrual Business Day", specify this if the Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified number of Accrual 
Business Days. This is not applicable if the 
Accrual Cut-Off Date is the Default Accrual Cut-Off 
Date) 
 
XVI. 
Accrual 
Cut-
Off Date: 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default Accrual 
Cut-Off Date] 
(the "Accrual Cut-Off Date" is the specified number 
of calendar days or Accrual Business Days preceding 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period (Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date) and shall be five Accrual Days 
if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified) 
 
 
- 
Specified 
Accrual 
[ ] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 948 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
922
 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
 
XVII. 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
(Include where Reference Observation is a basket of 
two or more Reference Rates) 
 
XVIII. Minimum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [12(vi)(B)/12(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XIX. 
Maximum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [12(vi)(B)/12(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
XXI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
Fixed 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate: 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
applies]

--- Page 949 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
923
 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Reference 
Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more than 
one interest rate, specify Interest Period End Dates to 
which each interest rate applies by inserting a 
Reference Rate Table below) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ ] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set out 
in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Specified 
Time: 
[ ][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[ ][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)] 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[(specify)] day on which the T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 
(Definitions)] 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Screen 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Screen Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 950 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
924
 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
ISDA 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[ISDA 
Determination: 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that 
the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 2021 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last day 
of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or a 
Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The first 
day of the next following Interest Period (other than 
the Final Interest Period, in which case, the Reset Date 
will be the [Scheduled] Maturity Date/Arrears 
Setting] (Specify the first option if Arrears Setting 
applies under the 2021 Definitions and the second 
option under the 2006 Definitions) [subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] Business 
Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such dates, 
in which case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to 
Business Day Conventions will apply) 
 
 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply)

--- Page 951 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
925
 
 
 
Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] [] (specify any 
other adjustment that should apply) 
 
 
Period 
End 
Date/Terminati
on 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Business Day 
(for 
the 
purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[]] 
 
 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method" is applicable. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift or Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days

--- Page 952 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
926
 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
 
- 
[Average Rate 
Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]/[The day [ ] Applicable Business Days 
preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Period or in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] (Only include 
if the 2006 Definitions apply and the specified 
Floating Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If Not 
Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be selected if the 
2021 Definitions are specified)/Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Not 
Applicable should be specified unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]]] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
ISDA 
[]

--- Page 953 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
927
 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
ISDA 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 
 
(insert 
if 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
CMS 
Interest 
Rate) 
[CMS Interest 
Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate [1]"] 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" or 
"CMS Spread Interest Rate", 
insert heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 2"] (If 
CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of 
CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", insert 
this column) 
 
 
Relevant Swap 
Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
[-Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] (Insert 
if 
Relevant 
Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is subject to a 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Minimum 
Reference 
Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is subject to a 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 954 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
928
 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate: 
 
 
 
Margin [1] (for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 
[1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Margin 2 (for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 
2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate [1] (for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 
[1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
2 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 
2): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below)] 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable or, if more than one forward rate is applicable, as required) 
 
[Reference Rate Table]
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]
[Forward 
Rate][Specified 
Time] 
Compounding

--- Page 955 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
929
 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] [(See 
General Condition 
10(e) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[] month [(the 
"Designated 
Maturity") (include 
where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate 
for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of 
exchange)]][insert 
details of implied 
forward rate] 
[]] 
[] 
 
[] 
[SONIA/SOFR 
Floating Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
(If applicable, include 
Compounding Table 
below) 
Compounding Table
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Rate 
Page 
Compounding 
Method 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period 
Index 
Determinatio
n 
Interest 
Determinatio
n Dates 
Daily Capped 
Rate and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
[(See General 
Condition 
10(e) 
(Business Day 
Convention))]
[SONIA] 
[SOFR]  
[] [Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
([Shift/Lag]) - 
Applicable] 
[SOFR] [OIS 
Compounding/Co
mpounding with 
Lookback/Compo
unding with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable] [
][U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[][As 
specified in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.7 
(Definitions)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped 
Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored 
Rate: []%] 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and 
there is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 
or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table]
CMS Reference Rate 1
CMS Reference Rate 2
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Margin 
1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1]
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Margin 
2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2]
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [] in 
each year [adjusted 
in accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-][
] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required)
[] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[]/ [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ [+/-][] 
per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest 
Periods, as required) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference rate][one[s]] 
[reference rate][two[s]] 
[Specified Rate 1]
[Specified Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]
[Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate]
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]

--- Page 956 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
930
 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required)
[] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required)
[] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required)
[] / [Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required)
 
(Insert the table below if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different 
for each Interest Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table]
[Interest Period End Date(s)
[Reference Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]*
[Barrier] [Upper Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required)
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required)]
*insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period if different 
(insert table below into if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, 
and if the Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 
2 and Lower Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table]
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Interest Rate]
Accrual Condition 1
Accrual Condition 2
[Accrual Condition 3
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Reference 
Observation 
1]*
[Upper 
Range 1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower Range 2]
[Reference 
Observation 2]* 
[Upper Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Reference 
Observation 
3]*
[Upper 
Range 3] 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
*insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", "Reference Observation 2" 
under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 3" under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each 
Interest Period if different. 
(insert table below if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and/or "Protection Level" are different for each 
Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table]
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection Level
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table]
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]*
 
Reference Rate [One[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One)
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)]
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (See General 
Condition 10(e) 
(Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: [] month[s] 
[(the Designated Maturity) 
(include where Linear 
Interpolation is applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for New 
Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)]]
[Floating Rate Option: []] 
month[s] (the Designated 
Maturity) []] 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] (the Designated 
[] 
[] 
[]

--- Page 957 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
931
 
Maturity) [EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
Reference Currency: []]
[Reference Rate One[s]]
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)]
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two)
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)]
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)]
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period
 
 
(F) 
Inflation 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest Amount Inflation 
Index: 
(specify Underlying) 
 
II. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
 
III. 
UCL Numerator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date):] [[ ] months/[ ] 
[Reference Month: []]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by 
inserting a table below as appropriate) 
 
IV. UCL Denominator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date):] [[ ] months/[ ] 
[Reference Month: []]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by 
inserting a table below as appropriate) 
 
V. 
UCL Adjustment: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date):] [[+/-][]/[See Table 
below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by 
inserting a table below as appropriate) 
 
VI. DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 958 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
932
 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
[VII. IPR: 
[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Interim Performance Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
 
Type of Interim Performance Interest Security: 
[Twin Win/Reverse] Interim Performance 
Security][if an Interest barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [and]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(H) 
Buy the Dip Securities Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Coupon Rate: [[] per cent.]/[See Table below] 
 
(I) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Interest 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(This item may be applicable if any of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.2, 1.3 or 1.5 
applies) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Range 
Accrual [Value What You Can/Move In Block] 
Observation 
is 
Applicable 
(as 
specified 
above)/Not Applicable][The provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c)(i) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) [apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding 
Scheduled 
Trading Day] (specify for a Rate only and where 
the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply to that 
Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/ Range 
Accrual [Value What You Can/Move In Block] 
Observation 
is 
Applicable 
(as 
specified 
above)/Not Applicable] [The provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(i) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
TABLE 
[[Interest 
[Period] Strike 
Level] 
[Specified 
[Interest] 
Valuation 
Date(s)/[UCL 
Numerator] 
[Lower / 
Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[1] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[2] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest Lock-
in Level 
(%)/UCL 
Adjustment] 
[Specified 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date/[UCL 
Denominator] 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate
] if an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not 
occur][or] 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate
] if an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[2] [does not 
occur][or] 
[IPR/FX 
Performance/I
nterest 
Adjustment/Z
%/Coupon 
Rate] 
Interest 
Payment Date

--- Page 959 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
933
 
[occurs] in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[and the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] [and] 
[in each case] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[occurs] in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[and the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] [and] 
[in each 
case][Minimu
m Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[[] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[] 
[Interest 
[Period] Initial 
Level] 
(specify for 
each Interest 
underlying, 
performance-
linked interest 
amount, 
Interest Barrier 
Level and 
Interest Period, 
where different 
and as 
appropriate) 
[[] 
[Reference 
Month: []] 
[[] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to []] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
from [(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [
] to [(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range Accrual 
Securities 
only)]] 
[greater than 
[(or equal to)] [
]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] []% of 
the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [
]% of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of] the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
] (specify 
where different 
for different 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier Event 
and relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, as 
applicable) 
[greater than 
[(or equal to)] [
]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] []% of 
the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [
]% of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of ]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
] (specify 
where different 
for different 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier Event 
and relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, as 
applicable) 
[greater than 
(or equal to) [
]% and less 
than (or equal 
to) []% of 
the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [
]% of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of ]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
] (specify 
where different 
for different 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings) 
[UCL 
Adjustment: [
]] 
[[] 
[Reference 
Month: []] 
[[] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to []] 
Each 
Scheduled 
Trading Day 
[for all the 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
[for any 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] 
from [(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [
] to [(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range Accrual 
Securities 
only)] 
[[[][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)[(G)/ [
]] above] [The 
amount (if any) 
determined as 
provided 
in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition ] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[1] [does not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate]: 
[ ]] [and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate]: 
[]] / [] per 
Security]] 
[Either: (i)] if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] has 
occurred in 
respect of [] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[]] [or (ii) if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] has 
occurred in 
respect of [] 
[or more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number of 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each case, 
specify as 
necessary for 
each applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
[[[][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)[(G)/ [
]] above] [The 
amount (if any) 
determined as 
provided 
in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] [does not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [ ]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [] ] / [

] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[]] [or (ii) if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [] 
[or more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number of 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each case, 
specify as 
necessary for 
each applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
[IPR: []] 
[FX 
Performance [
]]: 
[Interest 
Adjustment: 
[] [Barrier 
Event 
Applicable: 
Barrier Event 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
]. 
Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
].]] 
[Z: []%]  
(in each case, 
specify 
alternatives 
where an 
interest barrier 
event has 
occurred or 
has not 
occurred, if 
applicable) 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/ 
not adjusted] 
[where EMTA 
provisions are 
applicable in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, the 
Number of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following the 
[last occurring] 
Interest 
Valuation Date 
relating to such 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
(specify for each interest payment date and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as 
necessary where there are different Interest Barrier Events occurring in respect of different Interest Payment Dates resulting in different Interest 
Amounts payable) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– the Early Redemption Amount 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount, subject as 
provided in the Conditions]/Not Applicable [– 
the Early Redemption Amount shall be as set 
out 
in 
General 
Condition 
8(g) 
(Early 
Redemption Amount)]]

--- Page 960 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
934
 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Amortised 
Face Amount applies] 
(If not applicable or if no Amortised Face 
Amount 
applies 
or 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination of Amortised Face Amount 
applies, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this item) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] [per cent. per annum]] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment: 
[[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Determination Dates shall be [] in each year]  
[Specify other] 
16. 
Redemption Provisions: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[ ]] [Each date set out under the heading 
"Optional Redemption Date" in the Table 
below: 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
[] 
[]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security 
specified 
under 
the 
heading 
"Optional 
Redemption Amount" in the Table in item 
16(i)(A) above] [As per General Condition 
General Condition 8(i) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) in respect of 
Korean Market Notes] 
 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Security 
(If the Notes are Korean Market Notes, this 
should be at least par) 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Security

--- Page 961 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
935
 
(If the Notes are Korean Market Notes, this 
should be at least par) 
 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less 
than [] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent) 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[ ]] [Each date set out under the heading 
"Optional Redemption Date" in the Table 
below: 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
[] 
[]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security 
specified 
under 
the 
heading 
"Optional 
Redemption Amount" in the Table in item 
16(ii)(A) above] [As per General Condition 8(j) 
(Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Securityholders (Investor Put) in respect of 
Korean Market Notes] 
 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less 
than [] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent) 
 
(D) 
Optional Partial Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 962 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
936
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Event: 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/specify] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below 
under 
the 
heading 
"MER 
Amount"/specify in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and a Calculation 
Amount] (If the Notes are Korean Market Notes, 
this should be at least par) 
 
(C) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below under the heading "MER Date"/specify] 
 
(D) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] [See Table below under the 
heading "Specified MER Valuation Date(s)"] 
[[Each] such Valuation Date shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2/specify].] [[In respect of an Underlying, 
each/Each] Scheduled Trading Day for [the/all 
the/such] 
Underlying[s] 
during 
[specify 
period].] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c) [and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)] shall not apply in 
respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date] 
 
(E) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Coupon(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below 
under 
the 
heading 
"MER 
Coupon"/specify in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and the related 
Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date and a Calculation Amount] 
 
(F) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below under the heading "MER Coupon 
Payment Date"/specify] 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
General: 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Level, Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date, 
Specified 
MER Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date, Lower MER 
Barrier Level, Upper MER 
Barrier Level, Barrier Level, 
Specified 
MER 
Barrier 
See Table below

--- Page 963 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
937
 
Observation 
Date, 
MER 
Amount, Upper Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and 
Lower 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount, 
MERPR, 
MERPR 
Call, 
MERPR Put, MER Date, MER 
Coupon, 
MER 
Coupon 
Payment Date (as relevant): 
 
(B) 
Specified Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date: 
[Insert as appropriate – For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [Not 
Applicable][ ] [and [ ]]] [[ ] Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to [ ]] each Scheduled 
Trading Day for the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [] to [(but excluding) [(and 
including)] []] (where a different Specified 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying, specify for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Initial Floor Strike 
Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [
] (where a different Specified Mandatory 
Early Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date 
applies for any Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying, specify for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying)] 
 
[Specified Early Exit MER 
Barrier Observation Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s)]:] [[ ]] [[ ] Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to []] [Each Scheduled 
Trading Day [for all the [Early Exit MER 
Barrier 
Underlyings] 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying] [Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying]] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)][]]] [Not Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary)] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to Mandatory 
Early Redemption, Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Provisions 
and levels of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)

--- Page 964 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
938
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying: 
[[ ]][The Underlyings specified in item 12 
above] [and [each] such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying shall be an Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance [A/B] 
Underlying (specify for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying where Outperformance 
Provisions apply in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s): 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying/The Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [] Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER 
Date and/or, as the case may be, each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) 
 
(C) 
[Early 
Exit 
MER 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying/The Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [] Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER 
Date and/or, as the case may be, each Early Exit 
MER Barrier Event)] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary for each MER Date) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 965 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
939
 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
 
IV. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table 
below/[] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for 
the purpose of determining [whether a MER 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier Event 
has [not] occurred]:] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with 
highest (or equal highest) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with [
] highest (or [ ] equal [highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying)

--- Page 966 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
940
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with 
lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) 
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table 
below/[] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for 
the purpose of determining [whether a MER 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the

--- Page 967 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
941
 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier Event 
has [not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the highest)]] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table 
below/[] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for 
the purpose of determining [whether a MER 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier Event 
has [not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the lowest)]

--- Page 968 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
942
 
 
 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying:

--- Page 969 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
943
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying with [] highest (or [] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[]% 
 
 
Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn

--- Page 970 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
944
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 971 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
945
 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 972 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
946
 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[]% 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying with [] highest (or [] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 973 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
947
 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 974 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
948
 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [Closing 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date/Closing 
Level 
on 
MER 
Re-Strike 
Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-
day Level on Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/(specify, in 
table form, where appropriate, for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying)]  
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates will 
need to be included) 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[MER Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] 
[

]/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Reference 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and] [[I/i]n 
respect of [insert relevant MER Underlying]:]:]

--- Page 975 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
949
 
[Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Lowest Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates/Highest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates [Not Applicable]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate – In respect of [Insert 
relevant MER Date, MER Underlying and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event]:] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – [Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation [(for which purpose: Autocall 
Memory 
Event: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Event American Observation – Closing 
Level/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event American Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – 
Closing Level [(for which purpose: Autocall 
Memory 
Event: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Intra-Day 
Level/Target 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target Mandatory Early Redemption 
(Capped) Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Target Mandatory Early Redemption 
Threshold Amount: (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest 
Payment Dates and a Calculation 
Amount) 
[[Include/Exclude] 
Any 
Interest 
Amount Due on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date]]

--- Page 976 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
950
 
[Include Any Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount: Applicable (delete if not 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset MER 
Barrier Level or Latest Reset MER 
Barrier Level:  
Reset MER Floor Level: [ ]/[See 
Table below] 
[Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference 
Level] 
Applicable] 
[Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference 
Level] 
Applicable] 
[Performance Product Base Level: 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Level 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Strike Level of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if 
appropriate. In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date and/or Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event]:] 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying/All of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying (subject to a 
minimum of [ ] Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect 
of each MER Date and/or MER 
Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[Early Exit MER Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying and/or Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event]:] [Not Applicable/Applicable – [Early 
Exit 
MER 
Barrier 
Event 
European

--- Page 977 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
951
 
Observation/Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation 
– Intra-Day Level/Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – 
Closing Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level] 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying and/or Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event]:] 
[Early Exit MER Barrier Level: []/[See Table 
below]] 
[Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level: []/[See 
Table below]] 
[Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level: []/[See 
Table below]] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER 
Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable))] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event:  
[Insert if appropriate – In respect of [Insert 
relevant MER Underlying and/or MER Date]:] 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
European Performance Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
European Observation]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Underlying 
and/or MER Date) 
 
(B) 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [greater than] [greater than or 
equal to] [less than] [less than or equal to] [[
]%] [of [the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Initial Level of the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying / [] (specify, 
in table format, if appropriate, where different 
for different Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlyings and/or MER Dates)]/Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying and/or MER 
Date)

--- Page 978 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
952
 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
due where MER Upper 
Barrier Percentage is 
Not Applicable: 
[The Performance-Linked Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount/See MER Amount in Table below/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
due where MER Upper 
Barrier Percentage is 
Applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Upper Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The Performance-Linked Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount/See Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The Performance-Linked Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount/See Table below Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Put Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early

--- Page 979 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
953
 
Redemption 
Amount:  
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ]] [[]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ]] [[]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Call Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ]] [[]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Call Spread – Put 
Spread Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
Call Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] []] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 980 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
954
 
 
Call Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Floor:  
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [] 
 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]/] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Call: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Put: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Twin 
Win 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]]/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early

--- Page 981 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
955
 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[]]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ]] [[]]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(D) 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Snowball Accrual 
Rate: 
[] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Snowball Accrual 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Snowball Accrual 
Denominator: 
[] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Snowball Accrual 
Period: 
[The period commencing on [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [ ] and ending on [(and 
including)] [(but excluding)] [ ] [the first 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of which a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred]] 
[] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
V. 
Snowball Accrual 
Day: 
[Each calendar day]/[] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[(E) 
Early 
Exit 
MER 
Amount: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] []/See Table below/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption 
Coupon: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [See MER Coupon in 
Table below/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Include the following if either Mandatory Early Redemption Event or Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event are specified as applicable] 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 982 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
956
 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding 
Scheduled 
Trading Day] (specify for a Rate only and where 
the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply to that 
Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[]]] [The provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(d)[(i)] (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) [apply/do not 
apply]] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[]]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
TABLE 
MER 
Strike 
Level 
Specified 
MER 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
Valuation 
Date 
[Early 
Exit] 
[Lower / 
Upper] 
MER 
Barrier 
Level (%)
[Reset 
MER 
Floor 
Level (%)
Specified 
MER 
Barrier 
Observati
on Date  
MER 
Amount/ 
Upper 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
And 
Lower 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount/ 
Early 
Exit 
MER 
Amount 
MERPR 
(%) 
[Mandato
ry Early 
Redempti
on 
Performa
nce 
Provision
s 
MER 
Date 
[MER 
Coupon 
[MER 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
[Insert as 
appropria
te - For the 
purpose of 
determini
ng 
[whether a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
[if a MER 
Redempti
on Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:
] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[]]] 
[[

] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to []] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
the MER 
Underlyin
g which is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
for 
the MER 
Underlyin
g 
from 
[(and 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[]] 
[[Each] 
[Any] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
MER 
Underlyin
gs which 
is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Underlyin
g] 
from 
[(and 
including)
] 
[(but 
excluding
)] [] to 
[(but 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[] 
/Reset 
MER 
Barrier 
Level 
/Latest 
Reset 
MER 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e]/  
[]] 
[Insert as 
appropria
te - For the 
purpose of 
determini
ng 
[whether a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
[if a MER 
Redempti
on Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:
] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[

]/[Perform
ance-
Linked 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount]/[
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount] 
[(subject 
to 
a 
[Maximu
m 
Amount]/[
Maximum 
[Insert as 
appropria
te - For the 
purpose of 
determini
ng 
[whether a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
[if a MER 
Redempti
on Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:
] 
[Single 
Underlyin
g 
Observati
on/Weight
ed Basket 
Observati
on/ Best of 
Basket 
Observati
on /Worst 
of Basket 
Observati
on/Outper
formance 
Observati
on]] 
[ ] 
/ 
[[Five]/[
] Business 
Days 
following 
the 
first 
MER 
Barrier 
Observati
on Date in 
respect of 
which 
a 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordanc
e 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
[Not 
Applicabl
e] []] 
[

] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordanc
e 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]]/[not 
adjusted]]

--- Page 983 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
957
 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[]]] 
[MER 
Initial 
Level] 
(specify 
for 
each 
MER 
Underlyin
g 
where 
different) 
including)
] 
[(but 
excluding
)] [] to 
[(but 
excluding
)] 
[(and 
including)
] []] 
excluding
)] 
[(and 
including)
] []] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[]] 
[[

] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to []] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
MER 
Barrier 
Underlyin
gs] which 
is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Barrier 
Underlyin
g] 
from 
[(and 
including)
] 
[(but 
excluding
)] [] to 
[(but 
excluding
)] 
[(and 
including)
] []] 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount] 
(cap) of [
]] [and] 
[subject to 
a 
[Minimu
m 
Amount]/[
Minimum 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount] 
(floor) of [
]] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[]] 
[[] being 
the 
MERPR 
Call and [
] being 
the 
MERPR 
Put] 
n]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where 
EMTA 
provisions 
are 
applicable 
in respect 
of any FX 
Rate: or, if 
later, the 
Number 
of 
Settlemen
t Business 
Days 
following 
the 
[last 
occurring] 
MER 
Valuation 
Date 
relating to 
such MER 
Date] 
(specify for each MER date where relevant and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as 
necessary where there are different MER events or Early Exit MER Barrier Events occurring in respect of different MER dates resulting in different 
MER amounts, Early Exit MER amounts and/or MER coupons payable) 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Security/See item (v) below] (If the 
Notes are Korean Market Notes, this should 
be at least par) 
 
(v) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Other Redemption Amount / Entitlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Amount 
for 
Underlying Linked Securities: 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/[specify] 
per Security] 
(If the Notes are Korean Market Notes, this 
should be at least par) 
 
(B) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify] [[Each] such date shall be subject to 
adjustment [as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2/specify]] [[In respect 
of an Underlying, e/E]ach Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
[the/all 
the/such] 
Underlying[s] during [specify period]. The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
2(c) 
[and 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)] shall not apply in

--- Page 984 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
958
 
respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date] 
 
(C) 
Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - For which 
purpose 
the 
Intermediary 
is 
[[The 
Calculation Agent] / [[ ]] [Insert contact 
details for delivery of Asset Transfer Notice]] 
 
II. 
Entitlement: 
Entitlement per Security is [specify] 
 
III. 
Entitlement 
Denominator: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying]/[Redemption Strike Level of the 
Entitlement 
Underlying]/[

]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat this sub-paragraph in respect of each 
Entitlement Underlying, as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Equivalent Amount: 
[As defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv)] [Equivalent Amount 
per Security is [specify]] 
 
V. 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[The relevant assets to which the Securities 
relate [is/are] [specify]] 
 
VI. 
Delivery Method and 
details 
required 
for 
delivery 
using 
such 
Delivery Method: 
[Specify] [As set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5] 
 
VII. 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(a)(ii)(F)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Aggregation 
of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Cash Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[For the purposes of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii)(D), the "Final 
Reference 
Level 
of 
the 
Entitlement 
Underlying" shall be [[the Underlying 
Closing Level] of the [relevant] Underlying 
on [specify]/specify other]] 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each 
Relevant 
Asset] 
[Share/Depositary 
Receipt/ETF 
Share/Mutual 
Fund 
Interest/specify] 
 
X. 
Entitlement Calculation 
Rounding Convention: 
[] decimal places

--- Page 985 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
959
 
 
[Include the following if "Other Redemption Amount/Entitlement" is not applicable and 
the Redemption Amount and/or Entitlement will be determined in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7(a)] 
 
Dates 
 
 
(A) 
Specified Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [[]]] [[
] Scheduled Trading Days prior to []] [Each 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the 
Redemption Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any 
Redemption 
Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)][]]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation Date: 
[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
or Performance Linked Redemption Amount 
or Redemption Amount]:] [[ ]] [[ ] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ]] 
[Expiry Date] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(specify "Expiry Date" for Securities linked 
to Dividend Futures Contracts where the 
Relevant Price for the Specified Final 
Valuation Date is specified to be the "final 
settlement price" in item 13(ii) above) 
 
(C) 
Specified Redemption Strike 
Date: 
[[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
or 
Performance 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount]:] [Not Applicable/[[]] [[] [and [
]] [[] Scheduled Trading Days prior to []]/ 
Each Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
for 
that 
Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] []]] [Not Applicable] (where a 
different Specified Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
and/or Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount, repeat and specify for each 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event and/or

--- Page 986 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
960
 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount, as 
appropriate)] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[See also Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Date(s) below] 
 
[Specified Redemption Initial 
Floor Strike Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [ ] 
(where a different Specified Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date applies for any 
Redemption Underlying, specify for each 
Redemption Underlying)] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to redemption, 
Final Performance provisions and levels 
of the Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Redemption Underlying: 
[] [and such Redemption Underlying shall 
be 
A 
Final 
Outperformance 
[A/B] 
Underlying (specify for each Redemption 
Underlying 
where 
Outperformance 
Provisions apply in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions)] (repeat for each 
Redemption Underlying, as appropriate) 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying][Specify 
Underlying(s)][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable](If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 987 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
961
 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. 
Therefore 
Wn 
shall 
be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Redemption Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[]% 
 
 
[Redemption Underlying with [] highest (or 
[

] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Final 
Performance] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Redemption Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Redemption UnderlyingWn 
Wn 
 
 
[] 
[]%

--- Page 988 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
962
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred] where Nth 
means (specify) [(i.e., the highest)]] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 989 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
963
 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred] where Nth 
means (specify)] [(i.e., the lowest)] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 990 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
964
 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable](If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 991 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
965
 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. 
Therefore 
Wn 
shall 
be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with 
highest (or equal highest) Final Performance] 
[]% 
 
 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with [
] highest (or [] equal [highest/lowest]) Final 
Performance] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with 
lowest (or equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 992 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
966
 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 993 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
967
 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 994 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
968
 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. 
Therefore 
Wn 
shall 
be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with 
highest (or equal highest) Final Performance] 
[]% 
 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with [
] highest (or [] equal [highest/lowest]) Final 
Performance] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with 
lowest (or equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 995 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
969
 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 996 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
970
 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 997 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
971
 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) Provisions: 
 
 
Maximum Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
Minimum Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
Single Cap – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Single Cap: []] 
 
Single Floor – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Single Floor: []] 
 
Single Cap – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Single Cap: []] 
 
Single Floor – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Single Floor: []]]  
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater 
than] [less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Threshold Percentage: []% 
 
 
Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: []%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Redemption 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier Event Satisfaction Required] [and] 
[Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single Target Underlying Redemption 
Performance (Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) 
Percentage: []] (repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple 
Best Performing]

--- Page 998 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
972
 
 
 
[Oasis 
Final 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: []%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis 
– Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
 
 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[]% 
 
 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[]% 
 
 
 
(repeat for each Best 
Oasis 
Performer, 
as 
appropriate, up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
 
 
[X] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] []% 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)] 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period 
Performance – Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period 
Performance – Product (Final)]

--- Page 999 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
973
 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Final Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, 
subject to a [Maximum Final Period 
Performance] [and] [Minimum Final Period 
Performance] [of [ ]%] [and [ ]]%, 
respectively]. 
 
 
D is equal to []].] 
 
 
C is equal to []] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
III. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
X. 
Cliquet 
Final 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet 
Final Performance Floor/Global Lock-in 
Floor]] 
[Insert the following if Cliquet Final 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer: 
[Highest (or equal highest) [positive] integer] 
[Lowest (or equal lowest) [positive[ integer]

--- Page 1000 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
974
 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple: [
] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: []]]  
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (delete remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph if N/A) 
[Cliquet A (Final)] [Cliquet B (Final)] 
[Cliquet C (Final)] [Cliquet A Absolute 
(Final)] [Cliquet B Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet 
C Absolute (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B (Final) or 
Cliquet B Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest (Final) applies.  
 
 
U means []. 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation 
Period if more 
than 1 applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest (Final) applies. 
 
 
U means []. 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert date] 
[Insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation 
Period if more 
than 1 applies]]

--- Page 1001 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
975
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C (Final) or 
Cliquet C Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Redemption Target: []] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal: []. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Cap: []] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Floor: [] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya Final Performance – 
Asian Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1002 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
976
 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – []%/Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred][:] [and] 
[[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Redemption 
Strike Date/Arithmetic Average Closing 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Closing 
Level on Redemption Re-Strike Date 
FVD/Lowest Closing Level on Redemption 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Redemption Strike Dates/Highest Closing 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Highest 
Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates/(specify (in table format, where 
appropriate) 
for 
each 
Redemption 
Underlying)]] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Redemption Strike Dates will need to be 
included) 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
[Redemption Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] []/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Final Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [[I/i]n 
respect of [insert relevant Redemption

--- Page 1003 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
977
 
Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Final 
Valuation Date/Arithmetic Average Closing 
Level on Final Valuation Dates/Lowest 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Final 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Final 
Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day 
Level on Final Valuation Dates] 
 
 
(repeat this sub paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Redemption Strike Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [and] [the [Final Performance]/[] 
in respect thereof] [and] [I/i]n respect of 
(insert relevant Redemption Underlying ):] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary for each Redemption Underlying, 
each purpose of determining whether a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred and/or each Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred and/or the determination of any 
[Final Performance]/[] in respect thereof) 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Level/[

]]/The 
Redemption Strike Level specified for each 
Redemption Underlying below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Redemption Strike Level 
 
 
[] 
[Insert as appropriate - For 
the purpose of determining 
[whether 
a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] 
Barrier 
Event has occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred [and] [the 
[Final Performance]/[*] in 
respect thereof]:] 
[ ] [Redemption Initial 
Level] 
 
 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying, each relevant 
determination whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred and/or each Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred and/or the 
determination of any [Final Performance]/[ ] in 
respect thereof) 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to a Redemption 
Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1004 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
978
 
 
(A) 
Redemption Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate – In respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying]:] [Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
– 
[Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Redemption Barrier Event American 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Reference 
Level 
Observation]][Target Redemption Barrier 
Event and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target 
Redemption 
Threshold 
Amount: [ ] (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest 
Payment Dates and a Calculation 
Amount) 
 
 
[Include/Exclude] 
Any 
Interest 
Amount Due on Maturity Date] 
[Include 
Any 
Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount: Applicable (delete 
if not applicable)]] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies] 
 
(B) 
Final Barrier Level: 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] [[ ]%/Reset 
Final Barrier Level/Latest Reset Final Barrier 
Level] [greater than (or equal to)] [[]%] 
[being the Lower Final Barrier Level] [being 
the Upper Final Barrier Level] [and] [or] 
[less than] [less than (or equal to)] [[]%] 
[being the Upper Final Barrier Level] [being 
the Lower Final Barrier Level] [of [the [sum 
of the] Redemption Initial Level of the 
[relevant] 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]/ [] (specify, in table format, 
where appropriate, where different for 
different Redemption Barrier Underlyings)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset Final Barrier 
Level or Latest Reset Final Barrier Level:  
[Reset Final Barrier Level/Latest Reset Final 
Barrier Level]: Applicable 
FBL Reset Floor Level: []

--- Page 1005 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
979
 
[FBL 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[FBL 
Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[FBL Performance Product Base Level: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s)]/[Redemption Strike 
Level 
of 
the 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if 
appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER 
Date 
and/or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [ ] Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(specify, in table format, where appropriate, 
where different for different Redemption 
Barrier Underlyings) 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
Provisions relating to the redemption 
amount due or entitlement deliverable 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Provisions applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event is Not Applicable and the 
Redemption Amount is a Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount: 
[[Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption]] 
 
Provisions applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event is Applicable 
 
 
(A) 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. 
If 
the 
Securities 
are 
Physical 
Settlement Securities, physical delivery of 
any Relevant Asset must be made in 
compliance with the provisions of the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended)

--- Page 1006 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
980
 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – For which 
purpose 
the 
Intermediary 
is 
[[The 
Calculation Agent] / [[]]] [Insert contact 
details for delivery of Asset Transfer Notice]] 
 
II. 
Failure to Deliver due 
to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(a)(ii)(F) (Failure to 
Deliver 
due 
to 
Illiquidity)) 
 
 
III. 
Aggregation 
of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Cash Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each 
Relevant Asset] [Share] 
 
V. 
Entitlement 
Denominator: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying]/[Redemption Strike Level of the 
Entitlement Underlying]/[] 
(repeat this sub-paragraph in respect of each 
Entitlement Underlying, as necessary) 
 
VI. 
Entitlement Calculation 
Rounding Convention: 
[] decimal places  
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
[Final 
Performance FPU] 
 
 
[Underlying Closing Level] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than] [less 
than or equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event Valuation Date[s] will be [] [[each 
[any] Scheduled Trading Day [for all the 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Underlying] 
from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [] 
to [(and including)][(but excluding)][]].  
 
[Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying] [specify Underlying(s)] [Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 1007 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
981
 
(N.B.: Specify Redemption Upper Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Performance FPU applies)] 
 
(C) 
Redemption Amount due where 
no Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred and no Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event is specified: 
[Applicable - [
] per Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option 
Provisions/Not 
Applicable] 
[repeat 
as 
applicable] 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for 
the [relevant] [Redemption Upper Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
I. 
Upper 
Redemption 
Amount due where no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event has occurred: 
[Applicable - [
] per Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
apply if a Redemption Barrier Event has not 
occurred and a Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Redemption 
Amount due where no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event has occurred: 
[Applicable - [ ] per Security/ the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
apply if a Redemption Barrier Event has not 
occurred and a Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event has not occurred]] 
 
(E) 
Redemption Amount due where a 
Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and no Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event is specified: 
[Applicable - [
] per Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with [Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option 
Provisions] 
[Provisions 
applicable 
to 
Physical Delivery apply if a Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
no 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable:

--- Page 1008 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
982
 
 
 
[Redemption Lower Barrier Event Final 
Performance FPU]  
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Underlying Closing Level]  
[Gemini Event 
The Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date[s] will be []. 
The Specified Gemini Event Valuation 
Date[s] will be [] [[each] [any] Scheduled 
Trading Day [for all the Redemption [Lower] 
Barrier Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption [Lower] 
Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [ ] to [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] []].] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less 
than or equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event Valuation Date[s] will be [] [[each] 
[any] Scheduled Trading Day [for all the 
Redemption [Lower] Barrier Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any 
Redemption [Lower] Barrier Underlying] 
from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [] 
to [(and including)] [(but excluding)] []]. 
 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying] [specify Underlying(s)] [Not 
Applicable]]  
(N.B.: Specify Redemption Lower Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Final 
Performance FPU applies)] 
 
Redemption Lower Barrier Percentage: 
[[]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for 
the [relevant] [Redemption Lower Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
(G) 
Redemption Amount due where a 
Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred 
and 
a 
Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event is specified: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
I. 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [
] per Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with [[Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery

--- Page 1009 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
983
 
apply if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and a Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Non Lower Barrier Event 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [ ] [per Security]/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with [[Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
apply if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and a Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event has not occurred]] 
 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
I. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[] 
 
II. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IV. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [
].]/Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
[[ ]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1010 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
984
 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]]  
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
II. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
III. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IV. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
[[ ]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/Not Applicable]  
 
Call Spread – Put Spread Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Call Cap: 
[]  
 
II. 
Put Cap: 
[]  
 
III. 
Call Floor: 
[]  
 
IV. 
Put Floor: 
[]  
 
V. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
 
VI. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[]

--- Page 1011 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
985
 
 
VII. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
X. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
XI. 
Final Participation Rate 
Call (FPR Call): 
[[ ]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
XII. 
Final Participation Rate 
Put (FPR Put): 
[[ ]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
XIII. 
Global 
Participation 
Rate 
[[ ]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
XIV. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]]/Not Applicable]  
 
Twin Win Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
 
II. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/Not Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[]  
 
IV. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1012 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
986
 
 
Market Timer: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Specified Market Timer 
Redemption 
Strike 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[]] [[] [and []] [[] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to []]/ Each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
for 
that 
Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] [ ] to [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] []] (where a different Specified 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, 
specify for each Redemption Underlying) 
 
II. 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Lowest Closing Level on Market Timer 
Redemption Strike Dates][Lowest Intra-day 
Level on Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Dates] 
(specify 
for 
each 
Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
III. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Market 
Timer Percentage: 
[[ ]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/ Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Minimum 
Market 
Timer Percentage: 
[[ ]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Put Call Sum: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ].] [If a

--- Page 1013 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
987
 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [].]/ Not Applicable]  
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[]  
 
IV. 
Put Call Sum Floor: 
[[]%]  
 
V. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
X. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[]/ Not Applicable]  
 
Swaption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Final Participation Rate (FPR): 
[] 
 
(B) 
Annuity Factor: 
[+/-] [] 
 
(C) 
Annuity Floor: 
[+/-] []% 
 
(D) 
t: 
[] 
 
(E) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Buy the Dip 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Initial Cash Participation: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Initial Equity Participation: 
[] 
 
(C) 
Trigger Event(i): 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
TABLE 
i 
Equity 
Allocation(i) 
Trigger Level(i) 
[] 
[] 
[]

--- Page 1014 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
988
 
/[[]% of the Initial 
Level of [the relevant 
Underlying] (specify 
where different for 
different 
Trigger 
Event(i), 
as 
applicable) 
(specify 
where 
relevant) 
(specify where relevant) 
 
(D) 
Cash Participation(Final) Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Period Final End 
Date 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[] 
 
(F) 
Observation Day(Final): 
[The final Interest Valuation Date]/[Final 
Valuation Date]/[] 
 
[Include the following if the Redemption Amount and/or Entitlement will be determined in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7(a) or 1.7(b)] 
 
Redemption 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation Disruption (Scheduled 
Trading Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(i)) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day] (specify for a Rate only and 
where the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation Disruption (Disrupted 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[]] [The provisions of Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(d)(i) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) 
[apply/do not apply]]  
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
 
Split Payment Conditions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1015 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
989
 
 
(B) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment Conditions) (CRE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment Conditions) (EE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
(Split Payment Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Override Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Split 
Payment Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
CRE Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
CRE Redemption Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
CRE Coupon: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(J) 
CRE: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the CRE 
applicable in respect of relevant Interest 
Payment 
Date(s), 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date(s), Redemption Date or 
other Payment Date(s)) 
[]] 
 
(K) 
EE: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the EE applicable 
in respect of relevant Interest Payment 
Date(s), 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s), Redemption Date or other Payment 
Date(s)) 
[]] 
 
(L) 
CRE 
Adjusted 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[[ ]/As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 9.5] 
 
(M) 
EE 
Adjusted 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[[ ]/As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 9.5] 
 
(vi) 
Variation of Settlement at the option of 
the Securityholder: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Method of selecting the Securities, to be 
redeemed in the case of a partial 
redemption of any Class or Series of 
Securities 
[To be selected individually by lot/to be 
selected in accordance with the order of 
priorities relating to the repayment of 
principal of the Securities and, within any 
Class of Securities, on a pari passu 
basis]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
FX Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of the [Interest 
Provisions 
[and][the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Provisions [and][the Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption

--- Page 1016 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
990
 
Provisions]/Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Quanto Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX: 
(specify rate for each relevant Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Compo FX Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Designated Page: 
[]  
 
(B) 
Designated Time: 
[]  
 
(C) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Cross Rate A Currency/Cross 
Rate B Currency: 
[[] (Cross Rate A Currency)/[] (Cross Rate 
B Currency) [(expressed as the number of 
units of [] for which one unit of [] can be 
exchanged)] 
 
(B) Cross Rate I Designated Page: 
[] 
 
(C) Cross Rate I Designated Time: 
[] 
 
(D) Cross Rate A Currency/Cross 
Rate C Currency: 
[[] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [] (Cross 
Rate C Currency) [(expressed as the number 
of units of [] for which one unit of [] can 
be exchanged)] 
 
(E) Cross Rate II Designated Page: 
[] 
 
(F) Cross Rate II Designated Time: 
[] 
18. 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable and for which purpose the FX 
Perf Rate shall be [the Underlying designated 
as such in item 13(ii) above/determined as set 
out below and in the definition of FX 
Performance in the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(repeat paragraph as necessary)  
 
 
(if not applicable or the FX Perf Rate is per 
item 13(ii), delete sub paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency: 
[[] (FX Perf A Currency) / [] (FX Perf B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units 
of [] for which one unit of [ ] can be 
exchanged)]/Not Applicable as FX Perf 
Cross Rate applies] (if Not Applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Designated Page: 
[]

--- Page 1017 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
991
 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Designated Time: 
[]  
 
(ii) 
FX Perf Cross Rate: 
 
 
(A) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ 
FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency: 
[[] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [] 
(FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed 
as the number of units of [] for which one 
unit of [] can be exchanged)] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ 
FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency: 
[[] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [] 
(FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed 
as the number of units of [] for which one 
unit of [] can be exchanged)] 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated 
Page: 
[]  
 
(D) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated 
Time: 
[]  
 
(E) 
FX 
Perf 
Cross 
Rate 
II 
Designated Page: 
[]  
 
(F) 
FX 
Perf 
Cross 
Rate 
II 
Designated Time: 
[]  
 
(iii) 
FX Perf Initial: 
[] [As determined in accordance with the 
Conditions and the provisions hereof] 
 
(iv) 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring] 
Specified 
[Interest][MER][Redemption] 
Strike Date (specify each as relevant where 
different dates apply)] 
 
(v) 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring] 
Specified [Interest][MER][Final] Valuation 
Date (specify each as relevant where 
different dates apply)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
19. 
Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes][Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes][Linear 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes][Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes][Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes] 
 
[– 
Type of credit linkage: 
[Credit Linked Principal]/[Credit Linked 
Interest]] (Only include if 'Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes' is applicable)

--- Page 1018 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
992
 
(ii) 
[Credit Event Redemption Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption][Cash 
Redemption][Physical Redemption][Fixed 
Recovery Redemption] 
[- 
Fallback Redemption Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Not Applicable]]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable. Only include for 
Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
(iii) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption][LA 
Physical 
Redemption][LA 
Fixed 
Recovery 
Redemption]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable) 
(iv) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.][[] per cent.][100 per cent.]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
(v) 
[Credit Payment following Credit Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable. This will not be 
applicable for Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
(vi) 
[Credit Payment following Risk Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable) 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[ ] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable)]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable. This will not be applicable 
for Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
(viii) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the 
Interest Amount]/[ ] as specified in 
paragraph[s] [ ] (cross refer to relevant 
interest 
provision 
above) 
above]/[Not 
Applicable] (Only include if 'Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xi) 
Non-Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the 
Interest Amount]/[ ] as specified in 
paragraph[s] [ ] (cross refer to relevant 
interest 
provision 
above) 
above]/[Not 
Applicable] (Only include if 'Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xii) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Where the Reference Entity is not a 
sovereign, include the following additional 
information*:

--- Page 1019 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
993
 
the registered office of the Reference Entity 
or, if different from the registered office, its 
main administrative office; 
legislation governing the Reference Entity, 
and legal form which it has adopted under 
such legislation; 
the company objects of the Reference Entity; 
and 
name of the stock exchange or of another 
regulated market which is regularly 
operating, recognised and open to the 
public where the shares and other securities 
of the Reference Entity are admitted) 
- 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level]/[Senior Non-Preferred Level] 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation below if the fallback to a Non-
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
under 
paragraph 
(c) 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply.) 
- 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a 
short description thereof if the Reference 
Entity is not a sovereign] 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit 
Event Redemption Method and for Credit 
Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and for Credit 
Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method 
and for Credit Linked Principal Notes)

--- Page 1020 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
994
 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable and for 
Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable and for 
Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
(xiii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference Entities, Transaction 
Type and Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit 
Event Redemption Method and 'Credit 
Payment 
following 
Credit 
Event' 
is 
applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[]Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment 
following 
Credit 
Event' 
is 
applicable)

--- Page 1021 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
995
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xiv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Obligations, 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional Amount and Seniority 
Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit 
Event Redemption Method and 'Credit 
Payment 
following 
Credit 
Event' 
is 
applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method)

--- Page 1022 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
996
 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment 
following 
Credit 
Event' 
is 
applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version] [Specify relevant CDX® index 
Series [] Version] 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
– 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable

--- Page 1023 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
997
 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit 
Event Redemption Method and 'Credit 
Payment 
following 
Credit 
Event' 
is 
applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment 
following 
Credit 
Event' 
is 
applicable) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xvi) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version] [Specify relevant CDX® index 
Series [] Version] 
 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto

--- Page 1024 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
998
 
 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point 
minus the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[ ] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, divided by (b) the 
Tranche Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus 
the Exhaustion Point] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix, as 
published in Appendix 1 hereto][As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled 
Entity 
Incurred 
Loss 
Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery 
Amount: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Index 
Tranched 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Index Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xvii) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Index: 
[Specify][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1025 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
999
 
- 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 hereto](Insert if 
'Index' is applicable) 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not 
applicable) 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point 
minus the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[ ] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, divided by (b) the 
Tranche Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus 
the Exhaustion Point] 
- 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable)

--- Page 1026 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1000
 
- 
Portfolio 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xviii) Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reference Asset(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Maturity 
date 
of 
Reference 
Asset(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Assets Only Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Custodian: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount: 
[ ][The aggregate principal amount of 
Local 
Access 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
outstanding] 
 
- 
LA Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
LA Interest Amount: 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
Interest Payment Date, in 
each 
case, 
subject 
as 
provided in the Credit 
Linked Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate 
- 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility 
Event][Ownership 
Restriction 
Event][Settlement/Custodial 
Event]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Additional Risk Event Start Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date] 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment 
following 
Risk 
Event' 
is 
applicable)

--- Page 1027 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1001
 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]  
 
- 
LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if Physical 
Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
- 
Final 
LA 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only 
include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xix) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(xx) 
Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligation Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or 
Loan] (Select one only) 
 
- 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Specified 
Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] 
(Select all that apply) 
 
- 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or 
Loan] (Select one only)

--- Page 1028 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1002
 
 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Specified 
Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Domestic 
Currency" in the Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity [of [] years (Specify 
if default is not to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation 
applicable for each Reference Entity other 
than those determined by reference to 
Obligation 
Category 
and 
Obligation 
Characteristics]] 
 
- 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
60 Business Day Cap on Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset 
Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Additional Provisions for Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1029 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1003
 
 
(xxvii) Additional Provisions for the Hellenic 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Additional Provisions for Senior, Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
"Applicable", please specify for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
(xxxi) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[]] 
(xxxii) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay 
Payment Requirement: [ or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of 
the occurrence of the relevant failure to 
pay] [OR] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply] 
 
- 
Credit Deterioration Condition: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1030 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1004
 
 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Not Applicable] [Note that it is not 
necessary to specify "Applicable" as the 
default position under the Credit Linked 
Conditions is for a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information to apply] 
Public Source(s): [Specify][As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
Specified Number: [Specify][As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions]] 
(xxxiii) Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[[ ] [Number of days] prior to] [Trade 
Date][Issue Date][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(xxxiv) Standard Event Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(xxxv) Non-Standard Event Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Event Determination Date Version B as 
applicable where the hedging CDS has only 
one Notifying Party (i.e. "Buyer" or "Seller" 
is specified as the Notifying Party). 
Otherwise specify "Not Applicable" and the 
Event Determination Date provisions which 
are equivalent to having two Notifying 
Parties under a CDS will apply] 
(xxxvi) Single 
Notifying 
Party 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(xxxvii) Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable][Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
(xxxviii) Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]][Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
- 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days:  
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[] Business Days and each [] Business 
Days thereafter. [Number of Valuation 
Dates: []]] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]

--- Page 1031 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1005
 
 
- 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest][Market][Average 
Highest][Average Market][Lowest] 
 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market] 
 
- 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued Interest][As per Credit Linked 
Condition 16(a)(ii)(C)] 
(xxxix) Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (This will not 
be applicable to Credit Linked Interest 
Notes) 
 
- 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[ ] Business Days] [As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete 
this 
row 
if 
not 
applicable) 
 
- 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xl) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms/Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
(Delete this row for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes) 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(xli) 
Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify] [As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions], being as 
of the [Trade Date][Effective Date][Specify 
date] 
Transaction Type: [Specify]] 
(xlii) 
[Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable](Delete 
this 
row 
if 
not 
applicable) 
(xliii) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
- 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount] [Each Note's 
pro rata share of an amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero) equal to (i) the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the 
Unwind Costs, if any] 
(xliv) 
Settlement Currency: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITY 
20. 
Charged Assets: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 1032 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1006
 
 
(i) 
Details of Charged Assets: 
[Specify][See paragraph 6 of Part B (The 
Charged Assets) below for further details in 
relation to the Charged Assets.] 
[The Charged Assets are Counterparty 
Collateral] 
[The [specify any particular assets of the 
Charged Assets that are relevant] Charged 
Assets are ISDA Issuer Collateral] 
 
 
(Where there are Charged Assets (other 
than Counterparty Collateral) and a 
Charged Agreement comprising a Swap 
Agreement and part (but not all) of the 
Charged Assets may become due and 
repayable at a date prior to their stated 
maturity such that General Condition 8(b) 
(Redemption in relation to the ISDA Issuer 
Collateral and the Charged Assets (other 
than Counterparty Collateral)) or 8(c)(i) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons at the 
option of the Securityholders) of the 
General 
Conditions 
could 
apply, 
consideration needs to be given to the terms 
of any purchase/termination of such 
Charged Agreement) 
 
 
(N.B. Where the Securities are listed on the 
Euronext Dublin GEM and the Charged 
Assets are specified to be "Bond" or 
"Loan", the charged assets may comprise 
(i) debt securities of any sovereign, or (ii) 
debt or equity securities of any corporate 
entity which are listed on a regulated 
market or (iii) loans for which the borrower 
or guarantor has debt or equity securities 
listed on a regulated market) 
 
 
(N.B. where the Securities are listed and/or 
admitted to trading on the ISM, the obligor 
or guarantor must have securities already 
admitted to trading on a "suitable market" 
in compliance with the ISM Rulebook) 
 
(A) 
[Charged 
Asset 
Eligibility 
Criteria: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Specify relevant eligibility criteria if 
applicable) 
 
(B) 
[Counterparty 
Charged 
Asset 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Specify (i) relevant Counterparty Charged 
Asset Determination Date and/or Initial 
Acquisition Date if applicable and (ii) the 
relevant party if not the Counterparty) 
 
(ii) 
Security over Charged Assets created in 
Trust Deed and/or Charging Document: 
[Trust Deed] 
[Charging Document] 
[Trust Deed and Charging Document]

--- Page 1033 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1007
 
 
(iii) 
Governing law of Charged Assets: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Counterparty's account details (being the 
account to which the Custodian will credit 
amounts received by it in respect of the 
Charged Assets): 
[] 
 
(v) 
Charged Asset Substitution: 
[Applicable – Charged Assets] 
[Applicable – Charged Assets as Collateral] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Replacement 
Charged 
Asset 
Criteria: 
[The definition of "Replacement Charged 
Asset Criteria" in General Condition 
[5(b)(ii)(A) (Charged Asset Substitution - 
Charged 
Assets][5(b)(ii)(B) 
(Charged 
Asset Substitution - Charged Assets as 
Collateral] applies / (specify other terms 
and/or 
other 
additional 
requirements 
relating to such substitution)] 
 
(B) 
Additional Replacement Charged 
Assets Criteria: 
[Not Applicable / (specify other criteria e.g. 
any rating or governing law requirements 
for the new assets)] 
 
(vi) 
Charged Asset Redemption prior to 
Security Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Charged 
Asset 
Optional 
Acquisition/Disposal: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Custodian's account details: 
Accounts of Series [] with the Custodian 
[(the Relevant Accounts)]: 
Cash Account: 
 
[] 
Securities Account: 
[] 
[together with all other cash and/or 
securities accounts that are located in 
[Luxembourg/[specify 
relevant 
jurisdiction]] and held with the Custodian 
in respect of the [] Compartment] 
 
(ix) 
Collateral Services Agreement: 
[The Securities have the benefit of the 
Collateral 
Services 
Agreement/Not 
Applicable/specify] 
 
 
(NB: The Collateral Services Agreement 
may only be specified where the Trustee is 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation 
p.l.c.) 
21. 
Credit Support Document: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 1034 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1008
 
 
(i) 
Details of Credit Support Document: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Governing 
law 
of 
Credit 
Support 
Document: 
[] 
22. 
Charging Document: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Details of Charging Document: 
[Security interests are created by a 
Custodian Account Pledge Agreement 
dated [] (as modified and supplemented 
from time to time) (the Pledge Agreement) 
between the Issuer and the Trustee, being a 
first ranking pledge of the securities and 
cash standing now and in the future to the 
credit of each Relevant Account] / [specify] 
 
(ii) 
Governing law of Charging Document: 
[Luxembourg Law/specify] 
23. 
Charged Agreements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable: 
The 
Swap 
Agreement 
comprises an ISDA Master Agreement 
dated as of [] between the Issuer and the 
Counterparty 
including 
the 
Schedule 
thereto [and the ISDA Credit Support 
Annex (English law transfer) to such ISDA 
Master Agreement] (as amended and/or 
restated and/or supplemented from time to 
time, the Swap Agreement) and a swap 
transaction between the Issuer and the 
Counterparty 
as 
evidenced 
by 
a 
confirmation relating to Series [] dated as 
of the Issue Date (the Confirmation), 
which supplements, forms a part of and is 
subject to the Swap Agreement (as such 
may be amended and supplemented from 
time to time)] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: the Credit Support Annex is only 
applicable to Collateralised Transactions 
and the transaction must be specified as a 
"Collateralised 
Transaction" 
in 
the 
applicable confirmation in order for the 
provisions of the Credit Support Annex to 
apply. Consideration should be given to the 
provisions of the Credit Support Annex for 
certain rated transactions. Ensure correct 
form of ISDA Credit Support Annex 
(English law transfer) applies depending on 
whether 
there 
is 
only 
Counterparty 
Collateral or also ISDA Issuer Collateral) 
 
 
(ii) 
SL Agreement:  
[Applicable: The SL Agreement comprises 
a GMSLA Master Agreement dated as of [

--- Page 1035 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1009
 
] between the Issuer and the Counterparty 
including the Schedule thereto (as amended 
and/or restated and/or supplemented from 
time to time, the SL Agreement) and a 
securities lending transaction between the 
Issuer and the Counterparty relating to 
Series dated as of the Issue Date (the SL 
Transaction), which supplements, forms a 
part of and is subject to the SL Agreement 
(as 
such 
may 
be 
amended 
and 
supplemented from time to time][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Other Charged Agreement 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(If the Charged Agreement is not comprised 
of a Swap Agreement or an SL Agreement, 
insert relevant details here.) 
 
(iv) 
Details of the [Swap Counterparty's][SL 
Counterparty's] rights to assign and/or to 
delegate its rights and obligations: 
[]  
 
(v) 
Additional 
[Swap][SL] 
Termination 
Events: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Governing law of Charged Agreement: 
[The Charged Agreement is governed by 
English law] 
24. 
Other relevant details relating to the Mortgaged 
Property: 
 
 
(i) 
Security Ranking Basis: 
[Primary 
Basis/Pari 
Passu 
Basis/Secondary Basis/(specify other)] 
(If the Notes are Korean Market Notes, this 
must be Primary Basis) 
 
(ii) 
Order of priorities, prior to enforcement 
of the security for the Notes, for 
application of the proceeds of the Charged 
Assets and any other security forming part 
of the Mortgaged Property: 
[As set out in Clause 12 of the Master Trust 
Deed/(specify other)] 
 
(iii) 
Whether or not the Mortgaged Property is 
secured in favour of any other Class of 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable][Yes – insert details of 
other Class and ranking/No] 
 
(iv) 
Any other applicable security interests for 
the purposes of General Condition 
5(a)(ii)(D) (Security): 
[Not Applicable/(specify)] 
 
(v) 
Other: 
[Specify 
additional 
duties 
of 
the 
Custodian/details of a different order for 
the application of funds other than that set 
out in Clause 12 of the Master Trust 
Deed/details of any additional terms on 
which the Custodian holds any Charged 
Assets] 
25. 
Principal Paying Agent's account details (being the 
account to which the Issuer will credit amounts 
[To be notified to the Issuer (with a copy to 
the Custodian and the Counterparty) in

--- Page 1036 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1010
 
payable under the Securities and to which the 
Counterparty (if any) will credit amounts payable 
under the Swap Agreement and/or SL Agreement 
to the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer): 
writing not less than [five] Business Days 
prior to the date upon which any payment in 
respect of the Securities is to be made] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
26. 
Form of Securities 
[Registered Securities 
 
 
Registered Security Certificate [(U.S.$[] principal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
27. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
28. 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business Day) 
29. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment) 
30. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 19 (Redenomination) apply] 
31. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
of 
General 
Condition 17 (Further Issues) apply] 
32. 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, 
N.A./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its [] department/group (or any successor 
department/group))] at []] 
33. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent][]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation Agent 
where the Calculation Agent is the Principal Paying 
Agent. If no Determination Agent is specified, the 
Determination Agent will be the Calculation Agent)] 
34. 
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination]  
35. 
Other final terms: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
36. 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3) is applicable 
in respect of the Securities)

--- Page 1037 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1011
 
37.  
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference Rate(s): [As specified above]/[]] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [
]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.1) is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)  
38. 
Details relating to Instalment Securities: 
amount of each Instalment Amount 
(including any maximum or minimum 
Instalment Amount), date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[IA Adjusted Calculation Amount: [[ ]/Not 
Applicable] 
39. 
Additional 
final 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[The Arranger [or the applicable sponsor] intends to 
rely on an exemption provided for in Section 20 of 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. 
transactions. See "Risks related to U.S. Risk 
Retention Requirements" in the Base Prospectus] 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Permitted 
Purchaser" (as set out in General Condition 3(c) 
(Forced transfer at option of the Issuer on void 
transfer or other disposition), limb (5) of the 
definition shall apply and a Permitted Purchaser 
shall also include a person that is not a U.S. person 
as such term is defined in the final credit risk 
retention regulations issued under Section 15G of 
the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.] 
[For the purposes of the definition of "Non-
Permitted Purchaser" (as set out in General 
Condition 3(c) (Forced transfer at option of the 
Issuer on void transfer or other disposition), General 
Condition 3(c)(v) shall apply and a Non-Permitted 
Purchaser shall also include a U.S. person as such 
term is defined in the final credit risk retention 
regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.]

--- Page 1038 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1012
 
[Acceptance on behalf of the 
Issuer of the terms of this Pricing Supplement 
[Acceptance 
on 
behalf 
of 
the 
Issuer Credit Enhancer of the terms of this 
Pricing Supplement 
For and on behalf of 
For and on behalf of 
 
[Ensemble Investment Corporation SA acting in 
respect of the [     ] Compartment][Concerto 
Investment Corporation Limited] 
 
[         ] 
By …………………………………………… 
 
Duly authorised 
By …………………………………………… 
 
Duly authorised]] 7 
 
 
 
 
7 Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for the particular trade.

--- Page 1039 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1013
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the [Tranche []] 
Securities to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant non-EEA/United Kingdom regulated 
market (for example, the Global Exchange Market 
of Euronext Dublin or the Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Vienna MTF of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ 
Stockholm MTF of NASDAQ Stockholm AB, the 
International Securities Market of the London Stock 
Exchange or SPECTRUM) and, if relevant, listing 
on an official list (for example, the official list of 
Euronext Dublin, the official list of Euronext Paris 
or the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange)] with effect from on or around [] [of 
the Tranche [] Securities]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Tranche [] of the Securities has been admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant non-EEA/United 
Kingdom regulated market (for example, the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin or the 
Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
the Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange or 
the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF of NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB, the International Securities Market 
of the London Stock Exchange or SPECTRUM) 
and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the official list of Euronext Dublin, the 
official list of Euronext Paris or the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange)] with effect from 
[]/[[] of the Tranche [] Securities]] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Securities are already admitted to trading) 
 
Estimated expenses relating to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Securities is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[]] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: 
[]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating) 
 
[Relevant Minimum Rating: 
[Applicable: for the purpose of the Agency 
Agreement and the Custodial Services Agreement,

--- Page 1040 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1014
 
the Relevant Minimum Rating is [insert agreed 
Relevant Minimum Rating]][Not Applicable]] 
3. 
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND 
VOLATILITY OF THE OR EACH UNDERLYING][AND][THE FLOATING RATE OF 
INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the or each Underlying is [electronically] 
available [free of charge][at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Underlying in Part A above][].] 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is 
[electronically] available [free of charge][at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page][Page][
].] 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the or each 
Underlying and its volatility can be obtained.) 
 
(Where the Underlying is an index, include the name of the index, the index administrator and 
details of where the information about the index can be obtained.) 
4. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name], 
as 
administrator of [specify benchmark], is not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation] [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal 
name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]] (Repeat as necessary) 
5. 
DISCLAIMER 
 
 
[include disclaimer for Indices which are not Proprietary Indices] 
 
[Proprietary Index Disclaimer 
 
None of the Issuer, [] (the Index Sponsor [and the Index Calculation Agent]) for the Underlying 
and any of their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, delegates or agents (each 
a Relevant Person) makes any express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the 
advisability of purchasing the Securities, (b) the level(s) of the Underlying at any particular time 
on any particular date, (c) the results to be obtained by any investor in the Securities or any other 
person or entity, from the use of the Underlying or any data included therein for any purpose, (d) 
the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of the Underlying or (e) any other matter. 
Each Relevant Person hereby expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, 
all warranties of accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with 
respect to the Underlying. No Relevant Person shall have any liability (direct or indirect, special, 
punitive, consequential or otherwise) to any person even if notified of the possibility of damages. 
[The Index Sponsor is not/Neither the Index Sponsor nor the Index Calculation Agent is] under any

--- Page 1041 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1015
 
obligation to continue the calculation, publication and dissemination of the Underlying nor shall 
they have any liability for any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays relating to the Underlying. 
The Index Sponsor [and the Index Calculation Agent] shall [each] act as principal and not as agent 
or fiduciary of any other person. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any numbers or figures presented as past 
performance of the Underlying prior to its launch date (however defined in the Index Conditions) 
may include performances calculated from back-testing simulations. Any back-testing is 
illustrative only and derived from proprietary models based on certain historic data and 
assumptions and estimates. Such back-testing information should not be considered indicative of 
the actual results that might be obtained from an investment or participation in the Securities. Any 
scenario analysis is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual performance of 
the Underlying nor does it purport to describe all possible performance outcomes for the 
Underlying. 
 
As at the date hereof, the Underlying is described in full in the Index Conditions which are set out 
at [the Schedule attached hereto][in the Base Listing Particulars]. Any decision to invest in the 
Securities should be based upon the information contained in the Base Listing Particulars and this 
Pricing Supplement only. 
 
The Underlying is proprietary and confidential to the Index Sponsor. No person may use the 
Underlying in any way or reproduce or disseminate the information relating to the Underlying 
contained in the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities without the prior written consent of the 
Index Sponsor (save in respect of the distribution of the terms of the Securities using customary 
clearing and settlement procedures). The Underlying is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by the issuer or sponsor, as applicable, of any of its constituents.] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
Certain information contained in this Pricing Supplement consists of extracts from or summaries 
of information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg®). The Issuer [and the 
Issuer Credit Enhancer] [accepts/accept] responsibility for accurately reproducing such extracts or 
summaries and, as far as the Issuer [and the Issuer Credit Enhancer] [is/are] aware and is able to 
ascertain from such publicly-available information, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such 
information, and accepts no responsibility for the reproduction of such information or for the merits 
of an investment in the Securities. Bloomberg® does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote 
the issue of the Securities.] 
6. 
THE CHARGED ASSETS 
 
[In relation to the Charged Assets (if any) specify each of the following which are applicable in 
relation to such Charged Assets, where not otherwise described in the Base Prospectus: 
 
(i) 
type of assets; 
 
(ii) 
obligor or guarantor's name, address, country of incorporation, significant business 
activities/investment policy and the name of the market in which its securities are 
admitted; 
 
(iii) 
description of the issue structure if not as set out under "General Description of the 
Programme" in the Base Prospectus; 
 
(iv) 
description of the flows of underlying assets towards the securities of the issue if not as 
set out under "General Description of the Programme" in the Base Prospectus; 
 
(v) 
amount of the securitised assets with the indication, where applicable, that in the 
transferor's accounts, this corresponds to all or part of the assets of the same type; 
 
(vi) 
legislation governing the securitised assets;

--- Page 1042 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1016
 
 
(vii) 
terms and conditions of the transfer; 
 
(viii) 
indication of any existing relationship that is material to the issue, between the Issuer, 
guarantor and obligor and details of the principal terms of that relationship; 
 
(ix) 
if the securitised assets have a final maturity date, indication of early redemption or other 
maturities, dates, terms and conditions of early redemption; 
 
(x) 
in the event that the assets are to be replaced by other assets, or to be added, description 
of the terms of the exchange and increase of securitised assets, respectively; 
 
(xi) 
if the underlying assets are covered by one or several insurances, short description of the 
insurance; 
 
(xii) 
in the case of intangible assets, such as credit card accounts, portfolios of mortgage or 
other loans, leasing contracts, documentary credits or other similar assets, include 
general information on the composition of the underlying portfolio, and on the criteria 
applied for accepting additional assets to the portfolio or replacing underlying assets by 
other assets, and, if applicable, information on any security arrangement relating to the 
underlying contracts; 
 
(xiii) 
in the case of the securitisation of a single underlying or of several underlying contracts 
of a single counterparty and such counterparty is not Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
or Citibank, N.A. or Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, set out information on such 
counterparty, as would be required for an issuer of bonds in Appendix I of the rules and 
regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; 
 
(xiv) 
in the case of the securitisation of tangible assets such as real estate or other similar 
assets: 
 
 
in addition to the description of the assets, indication of experts' reports, if any, and the 
name and business address of the expert; if future reports are planned, indication of the 
frequency of such reports and place where the reports can be inspected; and 
 
 
if the underlying assets are operating, rental or leasing contracts, indication of the 
maturities and other conditions relating to such contracts; and 
 
(xv) 
if the securitisation is based on financial flows generated by industrial projects or 
infrastructure projects, concession rights, royalties and other similar assets, include a 
description of the relevant project and a fair valuation of the future income. 
[(In each case specified above, consideration should be given as to whether such information triggers 
the need for listing particulars)] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[]  
 
Common Code: 
[] [Not Applicable]  
 
CUSIP: 
[] [Not Applicable]  
 
WKN: 
[] [Not Applicable]  
 
Valoren: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1043 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1017
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s) and details relating 
to the relevant depositary, if applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/[]] 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system] 
The Securities will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland (CREST) via the CREST 
Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism. 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[] [Not Applicable]  
 
Registrar and specified office:  
[[Citibank Europe plc, 1 North Wall Quay, Dublin 
1, Ireland] /specify other] 
(Care should be taken when selecting the Registrar 
that there are no U.K. stamp duty or stamp duty 
reserve tax issues) 
 
Transfer Agents and specified office: 
[Citibank, N.A, London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB/specify other] 
 
Custodian 
and 
specified 
office 
[and 
Custodial Services Agreement]: 
[Citibank Europe plc (Luxembourg Branch), 31, 
Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg/specify other] 
[If the Custodian is not Citibank Europe plc 
(Luxembourg Branch), insert details of any 
applicable custodial services agreement] 
 
Agent Bank and specified office: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB 
/specify other] 
 
Redemption Agent and specified office: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB /specify other] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure,] [Include this text for Registered 
Securities which are to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure or NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that

--- Page 1044 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1018
 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Reasons for the issue: 
[insert further particulars if different from 
"Investment Considerations" section]] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
I. 
Method 
of 
distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
II. 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the 
Lead 
Manager 
and 
the 
other 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments and statement of 
portion not covered] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers) 
 
III. 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][]]  
 
IV. 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
V. 
If 
non-
syndicated, name 
and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
VI. 
[Total 
commission and 
concession: 
[None]/ 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount]/ 
[] per Security]/ 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by 
the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor [is]/[shall not exceed] [ ] [of the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount]/[per 
Security]. 
Investors can obtain more information about the fee 
by contacting the Dealer at the address set out 
herein]] 
 
VII. 
[Prohibition 
of 
Offer to Private 
Clients 
in 
Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities during [the period[s] []-[] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [Not Applicable]] 
(Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland) 
 
VIII. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [, other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which an EU PRIIPs KID is 
being prepared] [during the period[s] [ ]-[ ] 
(repeat as necessary)]]

--- Page 1045 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1019
 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the 
relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant 
specified 
period(s), 
"Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified and details provided accordingly) 
 
IX. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [during the period[s] [
]-[] (repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the 
relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant 
specified 
period(s), 
"Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified and details provided accordingly) 
 
X. 
Additional 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Each holder of a Security, by its acquisition of a 
Security or a beneficial interest in a Security, will 
be deemed to represent to the Issuer, the Arranger 
and the Dealers that it (1) is not a Risk Retention 
U.S. Person and (2) is not acquiring such Security 
or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme 
to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules (including acquiring such Security 
through a non-Risk Retention U.S. Person, rather 
than a Risk Retention U.S. Person, as part of a 
scheme to evade the 10 per cent. Risk Retention 
U.S. Person limitation in the exemption provided 
for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
described herein).] 
9. 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
(Use this sentence if the Securities reference debt obligations of one or more U.S. issuers) [The 
Securities are Underlying U.S. Obligor Securities.]  
 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final) [The Issuer has determined that 
the Securities are Specified ELIs for the purposes of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has determined 
that the Underlying(s) for the Securities consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or 
Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer 
has determined that the Underlying(s) for the Securities consist solely of (i) one or more indices 
whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or 
(ii) Underlying(s) that are neither U.S. equities nor indices that include U.S. equities and, therefore, 
that the Securities are not Specified ELIs]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are not 
Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Securities 
do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are not Specified ELIs 
for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be updated 
at issuance) [The following is based on information available as of the date of this Pricing 
Supplement. [The Issuer would treat the Securities as Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 
871(m).]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the Underlying(s) 
for the Securities consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the Underlying(s)

--- Page 1046 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1020
 
for the Securities consist solely of (i) one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are 
Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or (ii) Underlying(s) that are neither U.S. 
equities nor indices that include U.S. equities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as 
Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Securities 
do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs for the 
purpose of Section 871(m).] This information is indicative and will be updated based on 
circumstances at the time the Securities are issued. Please [contact []]/[review the amended 
Pricing Supplement] for further information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to 
the Securities.] 
 
[Specify] 
 
(Specify further information when needed; for instance, if the Section 871(m) determination relies 
on the "delta" or when the Securities are subject to Section 871(m)) 
 
10.
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED 
BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH 
SECURITY WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES" IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER AND 
DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE SCENARIOS PROVIDED 
BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive explanation to help 
investors understand how the value of their investment is affected by the value of the 
Underlying(s)]] 
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
10
. 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes listed on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin only) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site 
of such Reference Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]  
11
. 
SUPPLEMENTAL TRUST DEED 
By executing this Paragraph 11 in Part B of this Pricing Supplement, the parties hereto agree that 
this section is executed as a deed and constitutes a supplemental trust deed made pursuant to Clause 
2 of, and supplemental to, the Master Trust Deed dated [    ], as supplemented and/or amended 
and/or restated from time to time prior to the Issue Date of the Securities (the Master Trust Deed) 
between, inter alios, the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee (the 
Trustee). The parties to this Supplemental Trust Deed agree as follows: 
1. 
The Securities issued pursuant to the Secured Note and Certificate Programme described 
in the above Pricing Supplement are constituted and secured by and in accordance with 
the Master Trust Deed and this Supplemental Trust Deed. The Securities shall be subject 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, as supplemented and varied by the above 
Pricing Supplement (except as otherwise expressed in the above Pricing Supplement). 
2. 
Terms defined in the Master Trust Deed and the Pricing Supplement shall have the same 
meanings when used herein unless the context requires otherwise or unless otherwise

--- Page 1047 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1021
 
stated. [For the purposes of this Series only, each reference in the Master Trust Deed to 
"Security" or "Securityholder" (including each reference to each such term in its plural 
form) shall be deemed to be a reference to "Certificate" or "Certificateholder" (or a 
reference to each such term in its plural form), as applicable.] 
3. 
The Master Trust Deed shall henceforth be read and construed in conjunction with this 
Supplemental Trust Deed as one document. 
4. 
The Issuer and the Trustee shall update their internal records to reflect the entry into this 
Supplemental Trust Deed. 
5. 
[The Issuer hereby notifies the Counterparty (or Counterparties) referred to in the above 
Pricing Supplement that by this Supplemental Trust Deed the Issuer has assigned by way 
of a first ranking assignment in favour of the Trustee all its rights, title and interest in and 
to each Charged Agreement (if any) referred to in the above Pricing Supplement and the 
Counterparty (or Counterparties) hereby consent(s) to such assignment.] 
6. 
[] hereby agrees that it shall be the Trustee of the Securities and accordingly shall be 
bound by, and have the benefit of, the Master Trust Deed in respect of the Securities as if 
it had been named therein as a Trustee. 
7. 
[The Issuer hereby agrees with the Counterparty that if, following termination of the 
Charged Agreement on its scheduled termination date or in connection with the exercise 
of an Issuer Call or an Investor Put, it (or any agent on its behalf) receives any further 
redemption proceeds in respect of the fund shares or units held by it in respect of the 
Securities (notwithstanding the redemption, termination or cancellation of the Securities 
on the [Maturity Date]/[Settlement Date] [or the Optional Redemption Date (as 
applicable)]), it shall promptly make payment of such proceeds to such account of the 
Counterparty as the Counterparty may instruct at such time. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Supplemental Trust Deed shall not terminate until all such fund shares or units have 
been redeemed in full and the related proceeds paid to (or to the order of) the 
Counterparty.]

--- Page 1048 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1022
 
IN WITNESS whereof this Supplemental Trust Deed has been executed as a deed by each of the 
signatories hereto and delivered on the date of the above Pricing Supplement. 
SIGNATORIES: 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CORPORATION SA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
(société anonyme)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting in respect of the [] Compartment 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting under the authority of that company  
 
 
 
) 
Registered office:  
15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen 
L-2411 Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B169603] 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CONCERTO INVESTMENT  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
Director 
 
Registered office:  
PO Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman 
 
KY1-1102, Cayman Islands] 
 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
THE LAW DEBENTURE TRUST  
 
 
 
 
) 
CORPORATION P.L.C. 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
Director 
 
representing Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited, Secretary 
Address:  
8th Floor 100 Bishopsgate 
 
London EC2N 4AG] 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
 
 
 
 
) 
EUROPE AG 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
in its capacity as Counterparty 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting under the authority of that company  
 
 
 
) 
 
In the presence of: 
Witness's Signature:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
Name: 
Address:  
Börsenplatz 7-11 
 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
 
[delete if not a Counterparty in respect of the Securities] 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
 
 
 
 
) 
LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
in its capacity as Counterparty 
 
 
 
 
 
)

--- Page 1049 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1023
 
acting by  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting under the authority of that company  
 
 
 
) 
 
In the presence of: 
Witness's Signature:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
Name: 
 
Address: 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB] 
 
[delete if not a Counterparty in respect of the Securities] 
 
[EXECUTED as a DEED by  
 
 
 
 
 
) 
CITIBANK, N.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
in its capacity as Counterparty 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting by 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
acting under the authority of that company  
 
 
 
)] 
 
[delete if not a Counterparty in respect of the Securities] 
 
 
[Include other signatory blocks as necessary (for example if the Trustee is not The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. or if the Counterparty is not Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited or Citibank, N.A.)]

--- Page 1050 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1024
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[] 
[] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[] 
[] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[] 
[] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[] 
[] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1051 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1025
 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[] 
[] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[] 
[] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity: 
Weighted 
Average 
Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1052 ---
THE CHARGED AGREEMENT 
1026
 
SECTION F – THE CHARGED AGREEMENT  
This section provides a description of the Charged Agreement when comprised of a Swap Agreement or 
an SL Agreement.  
In the case of Exempt Securities, where a Charged Agreement is not documented on the basis of a Swap 
Agreement or an SL Agreement, the below summary shall not apply and reference should be made to 
the terms of the relevant Charged Agreement, the Terms and Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms 
to understand the features thereof.

--- Page 1053 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
1027
 
SECTION F.1 – THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
The following is a summary of certain features of any Charged Agreement to be entered into which is 
documented on the basis of a Swap Agreement and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of 
such Swap Agreement.  
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Issuer has entered into an ISDA Master 
Agreement (including the Schedule thereto) dated as of a date on or before the Issue Date of the relevant 
Securities and one or more Confirmations thereto each with an effective date of the Issue Date of the 
relevant Securities with the relevant Swap Counterparty. 
Under the Swap Agreement: 
(a) 
the Swap Counterparty will make certain payments to the relevant Issuer in respect of amounts 
due, or assets deliverable, under the Securities; and  
(b) 
the relevant Issuer will make certain payments to the Swap Counterparty in respect of sums 
received by the relevant Issuer (i) under the Securities (including, the issue proceeds) and/or (ii) 
in respect of the Charged Assets (if any). 
Termination of Swap Agreement 
The Swap Agreement will terminate on the Maturity Date unless terminated earlier in accordance with 
the terms thereof. 
Early Termination 
The circumstances in which the Swap Agreement may be terminated early include, but are not limited 
to, the following: 
(a) 
all or any of the relevant Securities become payable in whole in accordance with their respective 
Conditions prior to the Maturity Date or there is a default by the relevant Issuer or obligor of 
the relevant ISDA Issuer Collateral or Charged Assets (other than Charged Assets comprising 
Counterparty Collateral) or all or any of the relevant Securities are purchased by the relevant 
Issuer; 
(b) 
at the option of the relevant Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due, or to comply with or perform any obligation under the Swap 
Agreement and upon the occurrence of certain other events with respect to either party to the 
Swap Agreement, including a breach of representation, insolvency or (with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty only) merger without an assumption of the obligations in respect of such Swap 
Agreement, tax event upon merger and credit support default; 
(c) 
if (subject as provided in the Swap Agreement) withholding taxes are imposed on payments 
made by the relevant Issuer or the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement or it becomes 
illegal for either party to perform its obligations under the Swap Agreement (see "Transfer to 
avoid Termination Event" below); and 
(d) 
in the case of a VM CSA, if the Swap Counterparty issues a Legal Ineligibility Notice, as 
described under the terms of the VM CSA. 
If there is more than one Charged Agreement, termination of one Charged Agreement will result in 
termination of all other Charged Agreements.  
Any Series specific circumstances in which a Swap Agreement relating to a particular Series may be 
terminated early will be indicated in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "Additional Swap 
Termination Events".  
Consequences of Early Termination

--- Page 1054 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
1028
 
The following is a description of the termination payment payable under the Swap Agreement entered 
into between the relevant Issuer and the Swap Counterparty in respect of the relevant Series (or Class 
within that Series, as the case may be) and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of the 
relevant Swap Agreement. 
Upon the early termination of a Swap Agreement, the relevant Issuer or the Swap Counterparty may be 
liable to make a termination payment to the other (regardless, if applicable, of which of such parties may 
have caused such termination). 
In all cases of early termination of a Swap Agreement occurring, other than by reason of (i) a default by 
the Swap Counterparty (in which case the determination will be made by the relevant Issuer) or (ii) an 
illegality, tax event or tax event upon merger (in which case the party which is not the Affected Party (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement) will make the determination (or, if there are two Affected Parties, each 
party will make a determination which will be averaged)), the termination payment (being the "Close-
Out Amount" as defined and determined in accordance with the Swap Agreement) will be determined 
by the Swap Counterparty. In summary, this will be determined as the amount of the losses or costs of 
the determining party in replacing or providing for the economic equivalent of the terminated transactions 
determined on the basis of either (a) quotations from third parties and/or (b) relevant rates, prices, yields, 
yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant data and/or (c) information from internal 
sources of the type described in (a) and (b) above as long as it is of the type that would be used by the 
determining party in the regular course of its business for the valuation of similar transactions. For further 
details please see the definition of "Close-Out Amount" as defined in the Swap Agreement. 
Any amounts that became due and payable by the relevant Issuer or the Swap Counterparty under a Swap 
Agreement before termination of such Swap Agreement but were not paid are also taken into account 
when determining the termination payment upon early termination of a Swap Agreement. 
Upon an early termination of a Swap Agreement, there is no assurance that the termination payment 
payable by the Swap Counterparty to the relevant Issuer (if any), when combined with any amounts 
received by the relevant Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets, will be sufficient to repay the principal 
amount due to be paid in respect of the Securities and any other amounts thereof that are due. 
Taxation 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty is obliged under the Swap Agreement to make any 
additional payment under the Swap Agreement if any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax 
is imposed on any payment thereunder or under the relevant Securities. 
Transfer to avoid Termination Event 
If any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is imposed on payments to be made by the 
relevant Issuer or the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, then the Swap Counterparty shall, 
at its sole option, have the right to require the relevant Issuer to either (i) transfer all of its interests and 
obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement, together with its interests and obligations under the 
relevant Charged Assets, the relevant Securities, the Dealer Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and the Custodial Services Agreement and any Collateral Services Agreement to another 
entity which would not have any obligation to withhold or deduct or to which the relevant Swap 
Counterparty would be entitled to make payments free from the relevant deduction or withholding, as 
applicable, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Trustee and confirmation from any 
relevant rating agency that any rating of the relevant Securities would not be adversely affected or (ii) 
transfer its residence for tax purposes to another jurisdiction, subject to obtaining the prior written 
consent of the Trustee and confirmation from any relevant rating agency that any rating of the relevant 
Securities would not be adversely affected. 
If the relevant Issuer is unable to transfer all its interests and obligations as set out above or its tax 
residence in accordance with the preceding provision prior to the 30th day following the date of 
imposition of such withholding taxes, or if earlier, the 10th day prior to the first date on which it or the 
Swap Counterparty would otherwise be required to make a payment net of withholding taxes, the Swap 
Counterparty may terminate the swap transaction under the Swap Agreement. 
Transfer to another Swap Counterparty

--- Page 1055 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
1029
 
The Swap Counterparty may, without the consent of the relevant Securityholders or the relevant Issuer, 
transfer all or part of its interest and obligations in and under the Swap Agreement to any affiliate of the 
Swap Counterparty (the Transferee), provided that certain conditions set out in the Swap Agreement 
have been satisfied. Upon any such transfer, the Swap Agreement comprising the ISDA Master 
Agreement between the relevant Issuer and the Transferee and any swap transaction between the relevant 
Issuer and the Transferee as evidenced by any confirmation supplemental thereto and any guarantee 
relating thereto shall also be Charged Agreements and the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of the 
Terms and Conditions (as modified by the applicable Issue Terms) as it shall determine to be appropriate 
to reflect that the Swap Counterparty has transferred all or part of its interest and obligations in and under 
the Swap Agreement to an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and shall determine the effective date of 
that adjustment. 
Amendments to the Swap Agreement to comply with Dodd Frank 
Where the Swap Counterparty is Citibank, N.A., the Swap Counterparty may, for the purposes of 
complying with any enactment of or supplement or amendment to, or a change in law, policy or official 
interpretation, implementation or application of any relevant regulations or as a result of any official 
communication, interpretation or determination made by any relevant regulatory authority, which either 
affects the Swap Counterparty and/or its affiliates arising out of, or in connection with, the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd Frank), make amendment(s) to the Swap 
Agreement, at any time, at its own expense and without the need for the consent of any other party to the 
Swap Agreement, provided that: 
(a) 
such amendment(s) will not materially alter the economic substance of the transaction 
constituted by the Swap Agreement when considered as a whole; 
(b) 
such amendment(s) will not require any party thereto to withhold or deduct on account of any 
tax under the Swap Agreement; 
(c) 
the Swap Agreement will not terminate pursuant to its terms as a result of such amendment(s); 
and 
(d) 
no additional amount will be payable by the relevant Issuer to the Swap Counterparty as a result 
of such amendment(s). 
For the avoidance of doubt, provided that the criteria set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) above are satisfied, 
no consent shall be required from any party to the Swap Agreement and the parties thereto shall promptly 
take such action and execute all documentation as the Swap Counterparty may reasonably require to 
effect such amendment(s). 
General 
Except as stated under "Transfer to avoid Termination Event" and "Transfer to another Swap 
Counterparty" above, neither the relevant Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty are, save for the assignment 
by way of security in favour of the Trustee under the relevant Trust Deed, permitted to assign, novate or 
transfer as a whole or in part any of their rights, obligations or interests under the Swap Agreement. 
Credit Support Annex 
If a Swap Agreement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to include a credit support annex to the 
ISDA Master Agreement and the transaction is specified to be a "Collateralised Transaction" in the 
applicable Confirmation, then depending on the terms of such credit support annex (i) the relevant 
Issuer's exposure to the Swap Counterparty under the relevant Swap Agreement will be collateralised 
pursuant to the terms of such credit support annex and (ii) if, and only if, the terms of such credit support 
annex so provide and the Charged Assets (or a portion of them) are expressed in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be ISDA Issuer Collateral, the Swap Counterparty's exposure to the relevant Issuer under the 
relevant Swap Agreement will be collateralised pursuant to the terms of such credit support annex.  
Where only the relevant Issuer's exposure to the Swap Counterparty under the relevant Swap Agreement 
is collateralised pursuant to the terms of such credit support annex, the exposure of the relevant Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty will be calculated on periodic valuation dates. If, on such a valuation date:

--- Page 1056 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
1030
 
(a) 
the exposure so calculated is greater than the collateral already posted to the relevant Issuer by 
an amount in excess of the specified minimum transfer amount, then the Swap Counterparty 
will be obliged to deliver to the relevant Issuer an amount of eligible assets determined to be 
equal to the difference between such exposure and the collateral already posted to the relevant 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
the exposure so calculated is less than the collateral already posted to the relevant Issuer by an 
amount in excess of the specified minimum transfer amount, then the relevant Issuer will be 
obliged to deliver to the Swap Counterparty an amount of eligible assets determined to be equal 
to the difference between the collateral already posted to the relevant Issuer and such exposure. 
Where the relevant Issuer's exposure to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty's exposure to 
the relevant Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement are each collateralised pursuant to the terms of 
such credit support annex, the exposure of each such party to the other party will be calculated on periodic 
valuation dates (which, in the case of a VM CSA, is daily) and where the exposure so calculated is greater 
than the collateral already posted by one party to the other party by an amount in excess of the specified 
minimum transfer amount (if any) then the party in respect of which such exposure is a positive number 
shall be the transferee and the other party (the "transferor") will be obliged to deliver to the transferee an 
amount of eligible assets determined to be equal to the difference between such exposure and the 
collateral it has already posted to the transferee. The credit support annex includes provisions for the 
return of any such collateral posted by a party where the other party's exposure to it becomes negative 
or, in other words, is over-collateralised. 
Acknowledgement of U.S. Special Resolution Regimes 
Each Swap Agreement contains an express contractual recognition that in the event the Swap 
Counterparty becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of 
such Swap Agreement will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under such 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime. In addition, each Swap Agreement will contain an express contractual 
recognition that in the event the Swap Counterparty or any of their affiliates, becomes subject to a 
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the Swap Counterparty with 
respect to the Swap Agreement are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than they could be 
exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. For these purposes, "default rights" include the 
right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate the Swap Agreement or demand payment or delivery 
thereunder, and may therefore include the right of the relevant Issuer to exercise such rights under the 
Swap Agreement. 
Under current law, each of Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
as a non-U.S. entity, is not eligible to be placed into proceedings under the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes. However, Citibank, N.A. is a U.S. insured depository institution holding a national bank 
charter. Citibank, N.A. could be placed into proceedings under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act if 
certain determinations are made by the applicable U.S. regulatory authorities. 
Limitation on Transfer of Related Guarantees and Exercise of Cross-Default Rights in Swap 
Agreement 
Each Swap Agreement explicitly provides that any related guarantee or related credit enhancement 
provided by an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty may be transferred to another entity as transferee upon 
or following such affiliate becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding. This is not limited to a 
proceeding under Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of 
the Dodd Frank Act, and would also include, for example, a proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Code.  
In addition, each Swap Agreement explicitly provides that the relevant Issuer will not be permitted to 
exercise any default right with respect to the Swap Agreement that is related, directly or indirectly, to an 
affiliate of the Swap Counterparty becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, subject to certain 
exceptions, including if the default right arises as a result of (i) the Swap Counterparty becoming subject 
to an Insolvency Proceeding, (ii) the Swap Counterparty not satisfying a payment or delivery obligation 
pursuant to such Swap Agreement, or (iii) the failure of the affiliate credit support provider of the Swap 
Counterparty, or any transferee thereof, to satisfy a payment or delivery obligation pursuant to any related 
guarantee or related credit enhancement that supports the Swap Agreement. After an affiliate of the Swap

--- Page 1057 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
1031
 
Counterparty becomes subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, the relevant Issuer shall have the burden of 
proof, by clear and convincing evidence, that the exercise of any such default right against the Swap 
Counterparty is permitted under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 1058 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
1032
 
SECTION F.2 – THE SL AGREEMENT 
The following is a summary of certain features of any Charged Agreement to be entered into which is 
documented on the basis of an SL Agreement and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of 
such SL Agreement. 
Payments under the SL Agreement  
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Issuer has entered into an SL Agreement 
(including the Schedule thereto) as specified in the General Conditions. On or before the Issue Date of 
the Securities the Issuer shall enter into with the SL Counterparty an SL Transaction pursuant to the SL 
Agreement in relation to the relevant Series of Securities. 
Under the SL Agreement: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer will pay the issue price of the Securities to the SL Counterparty; and 
(b) 
the SL Counterparty will lend securities to the relevant Issuer, 
provided that on the Maturity Date (i) the Issuer will transfer to the SL Counterparty assets or securities 
equivalent to the securities lent and (ii) the SL Counterparty will return to the relevant Issuer the initial 
amount received from the relevant Issuer plus any accrued interest. 
Termination of SL Agreement 
The SL Agreement will terminate on the Maturity Date unless terminated earlier in accordance with the 
terms thereof. 
Early Termination 
The circumstances in which the SL Agreement may be terminated early include, but are not limited to, 
the following: 
(a) 
failure by either party to comply with the relevant margin maintenance provisions under the SL 
Agreement; 
(b) 
failure by either party to transfer or credit to the other party a sum equal to (and in the same 
currency as) any sum it receives as income in respect of any securities transferred to it under the 
SL Agreement, on the date it receives such income, if not remedied within the time period 
specified therein; 
(c) 
certain insolvency events relating to either party; 
(d) 
any warranties made by either party in the SL Agreement proving to be incorrect or untrue in 
any material respect when made or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated; 
(e) 
either party admitting to the other that it is unable to, or intends not to, perform any of its 
obligations under the SL Agreement where such failure would (with the service of notice or 
lapse of time) constitute an event of default under the SL Agreement; 
(f) 
all or any material part of the assets of either party being transferred or ordered to be transferred 
to a trustee (or a person exercising similar functions) by a regulatory authority pursuant to any 
legislation; 
(g) 
circumstances where either party is declared in default or is suspended or expelled from 
membership of or participation in any securities exchange or suspended or prohibited from 
dealing in securities by any regulatory authority, in each case on the grounds that it has failed 
to meet any requirements relating to financial resources or credit rating; 
(h) 
a breach by either party of its obligations under the SL Agreement if not remedied within the 
time period specified therein;

--- Page 1059 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
1033
 
(i) 
the Securities being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is 
itself caused by a termination of the SL Agreement); 
(j) 
the Issuer breaching any of the covenants in the Trust Deed; 
If there is more than one Charged Agreement, termination of one Charged Agreement will result in 
termination of all other Charged Agreements.  
Any Series specific circumstances in which an SL Agreement relating to a particular Series may be 
terminated early will be indicated in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "Additional SL 
Termination Events".  
Consequences of Early Termination 
The following is a description of the termination payment payable under the SL Agreement entered into 
between the relevant Issuer and the SL Counterparty in respect of the relevant Series (or Class within 
that Series, as the case may be) and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of the relevant SL 
Agreement. 
Upon the early termination of an SL Agreement, the relevant Issuer or the SL Counterparty may be liable 
to make a termination payment to the other (regardless, if applicable, of which of such parties may have 
caused such termination). 
In all cases of early termination of an SL Agreement occurring, other than by reason of a default by the 
SL Counterparty (in which case the determination will be made by the relevant Issuer), the termination 
payment will be determined by the SL Counterparty based on the market value of the securities loaned 
under the SL Agreement and the market value of any margin posted by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty 
or vice versa under the SL Agreement. 
Any amounts that became due and payable by the relevant Issuer or the SL Counterparty under an SL 
Agreement before termination of such SL Agreement but were not paid are also taken into account when 
determining the termination payment upon early termination of an SL Agreement. 
Upon an early termination of an SL Agreement, there is no assurance that the termination payment 
payable by the SL Counterparty to the relevant Issuer (if any), when combined with any amounts received 
by the relevant Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets, will be sufficient to repay the principal amount 
due to be paid in respect of the Securities and any other amounts thereof that are due. 
Taxation 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor the SL Counterparty is obliged under the SL Agreement to make any 
additional payment under the SL Agreement if any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is 
imposed on any payment thereunder or under the relevant Securities. 
Transfer to avoid Tax Event under the GMSLA 
If any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is imposed on payments to be made by the 
relevant Issuer or the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement, then the SL Counterparty shall, at its 
sole option, have the right to require the relevant Issuer to either (i) transfer all of its interests and 
obligations under the relevant SL Agreement and SL Transaction, together with its interests and 
obligations under the relevant Charged Assets, the relevant Securities, the Dealer Agreement, the Trust 
Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Custodial Services Agreement and any Collateral Services 
Agreement to another entity which would not have any obligation to withhold or deduct or to which the 
relevant SL Counterparty would be entitled to make payments free from the relevant deduction or 
withholding, as applicable, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Trustee and confirmation 
from any relevant rating agency that any rating of the relevant Securities would not be adversely affected 
or (ii) transfer its residence for tax purposes to another jurisdiction, subject to obtaining the prior written 
consent of the Trustee and confirmation from any relevant rating agency that any rating of the relevant 
Securities would not be adversely affected. 
If the relevant Issuer is unable to transfer all its interests and obligations as set out above or its tax 
residence in accordance with the preceding provision prior to the 30th day following the date of

--- Page 1060 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
1034
 
imposition of such withholding taxes, or if earlier, the 10th day prior to the first date on which it or the 
SL Counterparty would otherwise be required to make a payment net of withholding taxes, the SL 
Counterparty may terminate the SL Transaction under the SL Agreement on or after such date.  
Transfer to another SL Counterparty 
The SL Counterparty may, without the consent of the relevant Securityholders or the relevant Issuer, 
transfer all or part of its interest and obligations in and under the SL Agreement and SL Transaction to 
any affiliate of the SL Counterparty (the Transferee), provided that certain conditions set out in the SL 
Agreement have been satisfied. Upon any such transfer, the SL Agreement between the relevant Issuer 
and the Transferee and any securities loan transaction between the relevant Issuer and the Transferee and 
any guarantee relating thereto shall also be Charged Agreements and the Calculation Agent shall adjust 
such of the Terms and Conditions (as modified by the applicable Issue Terms) as it shall determine to be 
appropriate to reflect that the SL Counterparty has transferred all or part of its interest and obligations in 
and under the SL Agreement to an affiliate of the SL Counterparty and shall determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. 
General 
Except as stated under "Transfer to avoid Termination Event" and "Transfer to another SL Counterparty" 
above, neither the relevant Issuer nor the SL Counterparty are, save for the assignment by way of security 
in favour of the Trustee under the relevant Trust Deed, permitted to assign, novate or transfer as a whole 
or in part any of their rights, obligations or interests under the SL Agreement. 
Acknowledgement of U.S. Special Resolution Regimes  
The SL Agreement contains an express contractual recognition that in the event the SL Counterparty 
becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such SL 
Agreement will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime if the SL Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a stet of the 
United States. In addition, each SL Agreement will contain an express contractual recognition that in the 
event the SL Counterparty or any of their affiliates, becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime, default rights against the SL Counterparty with respect to the SL Agreement are 
permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than they could be exercised under such U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime. For these purposes, "default rights" include the right to terminate, liquidate or 
accelerate the SL Agreement or demand payment or delivery thereunder, and may therefore include the 
right of the relevant Issuer to exercise such rights under the SL Agreement. 
Under current law, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, as a non-U.S. entity, is not eligible to be placed 
into proceedings under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. However, Citibank, N.A. is a U.S. insured 
depository institution holding a national bank charter. Citibank, N.A. could be placed into proceedings 
under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act if certain determinations are made by the applicable U.S. 
regulatory authorities.  
Limitation on Transfer of Related Guarantees and Exercise of Cross-Default Rights in SL Agreement  
Each SL Agreement explicitly provides that any related guarantee or related credit enhancement provided 
by an affiliate of the SL Counterparty may be transferred to another entity as transferee upon or following 
such affiliate becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding. This is not limited to a proceeding under 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank 
Act, and would also include, for example, a proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.  
In addition, each SL Agreement explicitly provides that the relevant Issuer will not be permitted to 
exercise any default right with respect to the SL Agreement that is related, directly or indirectly, to an 
affiliate of the SL Counterparty becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, subject to certain 
exceptions, including if the default right arises as a result of (i) the SL Counterparty becoming subject to 
an Insolvency Proceeding, (ii) the SL Counterparty not satisfying a payment or delivery obligation 
pursuant to such SL Agreement, or (iii) the failure of the affiliate credit support provider of the SL 
Counterparty, or any transferee thereof, to satisfy a payment or delivery obligation pursuant to any related 
guarantee or related credit enhancement that supports the SL Agreement. After an affiliate of the SL 
Counterparty becomes subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, the relevant Issuer shall have the burden of

--- Page 1061 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
1035
 
proof, by clear and convincing evidence, that the exercise of any such default right against the SL 
Counterparty is permitted under the SL Agreement.

--- Page 1062 ---
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE COUNTERPARTIES 
1036
 
SECTION G – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE 
COUNTERPARTIES

--- Page 1063 ---
DESCRIPTION OF ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA 
1037
 
SECTION G.1 – DESCRIPTION OF ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA 
General 
Ensemble Investment Corporation SA (Ensemble) was incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
as a partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) with unlimited duration on 19 
June 2012 under the name Ensemble Investment Corporation SCA and is registered with the Luxembourg 
Trade and Companies Register under number B169603. On 24 May 2018, Ensemble's corporate form 
was changed from a partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) to a public limited 
liability company (société anonyme).  
Ensemble's amended and restated articles of association (the Ensemble Articles) have been published at 
the Recueil électronique des sociétés et associations (RESA) on 6 November 2024 under number 
RESA_2024_242.360. 
Ensemble is a special purpose vehicle established for the purposes of issuing asset backed securities and 
its activities as an authorised securitisation undertaking are subject to the Luxembourg act dated 22 
March 2004 on securitisation (as amended, the Securitisation Act 2004) and are supervised by the CSSF. 
The registered office of Ensemble is 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg. The telephone number of Ensemble is +352 48 18 28 1. The email address of Ensemble 
is citi_securitisation@alterdomus.com. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
The share capital of Ensemble is EUR 30,900 divided into 309 ordinary shares with a par value of EUR 
100 each (Ensemble Shares) all of which are fully paid. The issued Ensemble Shares are held by, or on 
behalf of, The Law Debenture Intermediary Corporation p.l.c. (the Share Trustee) under the terms of a 
declaration of trust under which the Share Trustee holds the Ensemble Shares on trust for charitable and 
heritage bodies. 
Principal activities of Ensemble 
The corporate objects of Ensemble are to enter into, perform and serve as a vehicle for, any securitisation 
transactions as permitted under the Securitisation Act 2004. 
Ensemble may acquire or assume, directly or through another entity or vehicle, the risks relating to the 
holding or ownership of claims, receivables and/or other goods, either movable or immovable, tangible 
or intangible (including financial instruments kept and/or registered on securities accounts and/or 
registers, within or through secured electronic registration mechanisms, including distributed electronic 
ledgers or databases) and/or risks relating to liabilities or commitments of third parties or which are 
inherent to all or part of the activities undertaken by third parties, by issuing financial instruments 
(instruments financiers) and/or contracting loans of any kind whose value or return is linked to these 
risks. Ensemble may assume or acquire these risks by acquiring, by any means, claims, structured 
deposits, receivables and/or other goods and assets (including movable or immovable and tangible or 
intangible assets and financial instruments kept and/or registered on securities accounts and/or registers, 
within or through secured electronic registration mechanisms, including distributed electronic ledgers or 
databases), structured products relating to commodities or assets, by guaranteeing the liabilities or 
commitments of third parties or by binding itself in any other way. The method that will be used to 
determine the value of the securitised assets will be set out in the relevant issue or transaction documents 
entered into by Ensemble. 
Ensemble may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, proceed, so far as they relate to 
securitisation transactions, to (i) the acquisition, holding and disposal, in any form, by any means, 
whether directly or indirectly, of participations, rights and interests in, and obligations of, Luxembourg 
and foreign companies, (ii) the acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in any other manner, as well as 
the transfer by sale, exchange or in any other manner of stock, bonds, debentures, notes and other 
securities or financial instruments of any kind (including notes or parts or units issued by Luxembourg 
or foreign mutual funds or similar undertakings and exchangeable or convertible securities), structured 
products relating to commodities or assets (including debt or equity securities of any kind), receivables, 
claims or loans or other credit facilities (and the agreements relating thereto) as well as all other types of 
assets (including any movable or immovable and tangible or intangible assets or financial instruments

--- Page 1064 ---
DESCRIPTION OF ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA 
1038
 
kept and/or registered on securities accounts and/or registers, within or through secured electronic 
registration mechanisms, including distributed electronic ledgers or databases), and (iii) the ownership, 
administration, development and management of a portfolio of assets (including, among other things, the 
assets referred to in (i) and (ii) above) in accordance with the provisions of the relevant issue or 
transaction documentation. 
Ensemble may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, borrow in any form and enter into any 
type of loan agreement. It may issue notes, bonds (including exchangeable or convertible securities and 
securities linked to an index or a basket of indices or shares), debentures, certificates, shares, beneficiary 
shares or parts, warrants and any kind of debt or equity securities or any other types of financial 
instruments, including under one or more issue programmes. Ensemble may lend funds including the 
proceeds of any borrowings and/or issues of securities, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004 
and provided such lending or such borrowing relates to securitisation transactions, to any other company. 
Ensemble may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004, give guarantees and grant security over 
its assets. 
Ensemble may enter into, execute and deliver and perform any swaps, futures, forwards, derivatives, 
options, repurchase, stock lending and similar transactions for as long as such agreements and 
transactions are necessary to facilitate the performance of Ensemble's corporate objects. Ensemble may 
generally employ any techniques and instruments relating to investments for the purpose of their efficient 
management, including, but not limited to, techniques and instruments designed to protect it against 
credit, currency exchange, interest rate risks and other risks. 
Ensemble may, within the limits of the Securitisation Act 2004 and in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant issue or transaction documentation of the securities, assign or arrange for the assignment of 
the underlying assets and risks which guarantee the rights of the relevant investors.  
The board of directors of Ensemble is entitled to create one or more compartments (referencing the assets 
of Ensemble relating to financial instruments issued and/or loans contracted by Ensemble), in each case, 
corresponding to a separate part of Ensemble's estate. Ensemble may appoint one or more fiduciary 
representatives as described in articles 67 to 84 of the Securitisation Act 2004. 
The descriptions above are to be understood in their broadest sense and their enumeration is not limiting. 
The corporate objects of Ensemble shall include any transaction or agreement which is entered into by 
Ensemble, provided that it is not inconsistent with the foregoing enumerated objects. 
In general, Ensemble may take any controlling and supervisory measures and carry out any operation or 
transaction which it considers necessary or useful in the accomplishment and development of its 
corporate objects to the largest extent permitted under the Securitisation Act 2004. 
Restrictions 
The Master Trust Deed contains restrictions on the activities in which Ensemble may engage without the 
prior written consent of the Trustee and any relevant Counterparty. Terms used in this section 
(Restrictions) are as defined in the Master Trust Deed. 
Pursuant to these restrictions, the business of Ensemble is limited to: (a) the issue of Securities or entering 
into or incurring Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Master Trust Deed); (b) acquiring and owning 
Charged Assets or any assets used to secure any Permitted Indebtedness and the exercise of its rights and 
performance of its obligations in respect thereof; (c) entering into and performing its obligations under, 
or enforcing its rights in respect of, any agreements necessary or incidental to the Programme and/or the 
issue of any Securities, including the granting of security for any Securities and any agreements relating 
to the creation of or incidental to the creation of and the granting of security for any Permitted 
Indebtedness; (d) borrowing money (if appropriate and subject to the restrictions set out in the Master 
Trust Deed); and (e) performing any acts incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the 
foregoing including, without limitation, entering into any swap, option, repurchase, reverse repurchase 
or forward foreign exchange agreement in connection with the issue of Securities or incurrence of any 
Permitted Indebtedness.  
The assets of Ensemble will consist of, inter alia, any Charged Assets and/or the benefit of Charged 
Agreements and Credit Support Documents in respect of each Series of Securities and the issued and

--- Page 1065 ---
DESCRIPTION OF ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA 
1039
 
paid-up capital of Ensemble and, where appropriate, assets and the benefit of any agreements relating to 
any Permitted Indebtedness or any other borrowings of Ensemble. The only assets of Ensemble 
available to meet claims of Securityholders of the relevant Securities are the assets comprised in 
the relevant collection of assets, rights and other benefits comprising the security for such 
Securities. 
The Securities are obligations of Ensemble acting in respect of the relevant Compartment (as defined 
below) and, if applicable, the Issuer Credit Enhancer. The Securities are not obligations of the Share 
Trustee, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Corporate Service Provider, any Counterparty, any Credit Support 
Provider or any obligor in respect of any Charged Assets. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or 
guaranteed in any way by, any Dealer. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of Ensemble as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Shareholders' Funds: 
Share capital (Issued 309 ordinary shares with a 
par value of EUR 100 each) 
EUR 30,900 
Total Capitalisation 
EUR 30,900 
Indebtedness 
Ensemble's indebtedness as at 31 December 2023 is EUR 1,153,382,384.76.  
Administration, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The directors of Ensemble are as follows: 
Director 
Principal outside activities 
Mr Lukasz Malecki 
Director - Securitisation - Alter Domus Alternative Asset Fund 
Administration S.à r.l. 
Mr Maximilian Burg 
Manager - Securitisation - Alter Domus Alternative Asset 
Fund Administration S.à r.l. 
Mr Ludovic Christian Kauffmann 
Manager - Securitisation - Alter Domus Alternative Asset 
Fund Administration S.à r.l. 
The business address of each of the directors of Ensemble is 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
Alter Domus Alternative Asset Fund Administration S.à r.l. (Alter Domus) is the corporate services 
provider of Ensemble. Its duties include the provision of certain corporate, administrative, accounting 
and related services. The above-mentioned contractual relationship between Alter Domus and Ensemble 
may be terminated by either party with prior notice of ninety days and subject to the appointment of an 
alternative corporate services provider on similar terms to those between Ensemble and Alter Domus.  
The directors of Ensemble confirm that there is no conflict of interest between their duties as director of 
Ensemble and their principal and/or other outside activities. 
No corporate governance regime to which Ensemble would be subject exists in Luxembourg as of the 
date of the Base Prospectus. 
Compartments 
The board of directors of Ensemble may create one or more compartments within Ensemble (each, a 
Compartment and together, the Compartments), each corresponding to a distinct part of the assets and 
liabilities of Ensemble.

--- Page 1066 ---
DESCRIPTION OF ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA 
1040
 
As between investors of Ensemble, each Compartment of Ensemble shall be treated as a separate entity. 
Rights of creditors and investors of Ensemble that (i) have, when coming into existence, been designated 
as relating to a Compartment or (ii) have arisen in connection with the creation, the operation or the 
liquidation of a Compartment are strictly limited to the assets of that Compartment and shall be 
exclusively available to satisfy such creditors and investors. Creditors and investors of Ensemble whose 
rights are not related to a specific Compartment of Ensemble shall have no rights to the assets of any 
Compartment. 
Unless otherwise provided for in the resolution of the board of directors of Ensemble creating such 
Compartment, no resolution of the board of directors of Ensemble may amend the resolution creating 
such Compartment or directly affect the rights of the creditors whose rights relate to such Compartment 
without the prior approval of the creditors whose rights relate to such Compartment. Any decision of the 
board of directors taken in breach of this provision shall be void. 
Each Compartment of Ensemble may be separately liquidated without such liquidation resulting in the 
liquidation of any other Compartment or of Ensemble itself. 
Financial Statements and Financial Year 
The financial year of Ensemble is the calendar year (save that the first financial year was from the date 
of incorporation to 31 December 2012). Ensemble has so far published its first audited financial 
statements in respect of the period ending on 31 December 2012 on 9 April 2013, the audited financial 
statements in respect of the period ending 31 December 2013 on 2 April 2014, the audited financial 
statements in respect of the period ending 31 December 2014 on 10 April 2015 (and the amendment of 
such audited financial statements on 23 November 2015), the audited financial statements in respect of 
the period ending 31 December 2015 on 20 June 2016, the audited financial statements in respect of the 
period ending 31 December 2016 on 3 August 2017, the audited financial statements in respect of the 
period ending 31 December 2017 on 24 May 2018, the audited financial statements in respect of the 
period ending 31 December 2018 on 22 August 2019, the audited financial statements in respect of the 
period ending 31 December 2019 on 22 September 2020, the audited financial statements in respect of 
the period ending 31 December 2020 on 20 August 2021, the audited financial statements in respect of 
the period ending 31 December 2021 on 29 July 2022, the audited financial statements in respect of the 
period ending 31 December 2022 on 6 September 2023 and the audited financial statements in respect 
of the period ending 31 December 2023 on 16 September 2024.  
In accordance with articles 461-1, 461-7 and 461-8 of the Companies Act 1915, Ensemble is obliged to 
publish its annual accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual 
general meeting of the shareholders (the AGM). The ordinary general meeting of shareholders takes 
place annually within six months of the end of each financial year at the registered office of Ensemble 
or at such other place in Luxembourg as may be specified in the convening notice. The first annual 
general meeting of shareholders took place on 15 March 2013, the annual general meeting of 
shareholders for 2014 took place on 21 March 2014 (the accounts approved at the adjourned AGM of 27 
March 2014), the annual general meeting of shareholders for 2015 took place on 20 March 2015 (the 
accounts approved at the adjourned AGM of 7 April 2015), the annual general meeting of shareholders 
for 2016 took place on 18 March 2016 (the accounts approved at the adjourned AGM of 16 June 2016), 
the annual general meeting of shareholders for 2017 took place on 17 March 2017, the annual general 
meeting of shareholders for 2018 took place on 17 May 2018, the annual general meeting of shareholders 
for 2019 took place on 14 August 2019, the annual general meeting of shareholders for 2020 took place 
on 5 August 2021, the annual general meeting of shareholders for 2021 took place on 18 July 2022, the 
annual general meeting of shareholders for 2022 took place on 5 September 2023 and the annual general 
meeting of shareholders for 2023 took place on 11 September 2024.  
It should be noted that whilst Ensemble has published interim accounts in the past (most recently in 
respect of the period ending 30 June 2017), it does not intend to prepare interim accounts going forward. 
Statutory Auditors 
The statutory audit firm (cabinet de révision agréé) of Ensemble, the mandate of which was last renewed 
by a resolution of the board of directors of Ensemble dated 5 September 2024, is KPMG Audit Sarl, 
société à responsabilité limitée, of 39, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. KPMG Audit Sarl,

--- Page 1067 ---
DESCRIPTION OF ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA 
1041
 
société à responsabilité limitée, belongs to the Luxembourg institute of auditors (Institut des réviseurs 
d'entreprises).  
The Master Trust Deed requires Ensemble to provide to the Trustee, in respect of each Series (and, if 
applicable, each Class within that Series), within seven days after demand by the Trustee and, without 
the necessity for any such demand, promptly and in any event not later than 180 days after the anniversary 
of the date of the Master Trust Deed, a certificate signed by a director of Ensemble to the effect that, to 
the best of Ensemble's knowledge and belief having made all reasonable enquiries, as at a date not more 
than seven days before delivering such certificate there did not exist and had not existed since the relevant 
date of the previous certificate, any Event of Default or any Potential Event of Default (each as defined 
in the Master Trust Deed) or any other matter which is required to be brought to the Trustee's attention 
and specifying in relation to such Class or Series (or if such exists or existed specifying the same) and 
that during the period from and including the relevant date of the last such certificate (or in the case of 
the first such certificate the Issue Date of the relevant Series) to and including the relevant date of such 
certificate that Ensemble has complied with all its obligations in relation to such Class or Series contained 
in the Master Trust Deed or (if such is not the case) specifying the respects in which it has not complied. 
CSSF supervision 
Ensemble has the status of an authorised securitisation undertaking under the Securitisation Act 2004 
and since Ensemble intends to issue securities to the public on a continuous basis, it is supervised by the 
CSSF. The CSSF ensures that it complies with the law and its obligations. This supervision will continue 
until such time as Ensemble is liquidated. 
According to the Securitisation Act 2004, the CSSF may request from Ensemble a periodical statement 
of its assets and liabilities and its operating results. 
The CSSF may also require communication of any information or carry out on-site investigations and 
inspect all the documents of Ensemble and of the Corporate Service Provider which relate to the 
organisation, administration, management, or operation of Ensemble or to the valuation of and return on 
the assets, in order to verify compliance with the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004. The 
provisions set out in the Ensemble Articles and in agreements relating to the issuance of securities 
(including, for instance, the Securities), and the accuracy of the information it has been provided with. 
If the CSSF finds that Ensemble is not complying with the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004, the 
Ensemble Articles or the agreements relating to the issuance of securities, or that the rights attached to 
the securities issued by Ensemble may be impaired, it may require Ensemble to remedy the situation 
within a period of time it determines. If such requirement is not complied with, the CSSF may (i) render 
public its position regarding the findings it has made, (ii) prohibit the issuance of securities, (iii) request 
the listing of the securities issued by Ensemble to be suspended, (iv) request the presiding judge of the 
chamber of the Luxembourg district court dealing with commercial matters to appoint a provisional 
administrator for Ensemble, or (v) withdraw its authorisation 
Authorisations 
Ensemble has obtained all necessary external consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Securities by it.  
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of 
Ensemble held on 25 June 2012. The update of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the 
board of directors of Ensemble held on 8 April 2025.  
The issue of each Tranche of Securities will be authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of 
Ensemble. 
Litigation 
Ensemble is not, nor has been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Ensemble is aware), in the 12 month 
period immediately preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have, or have in such period 
had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Ensemble.

--- Page 1068 ---
DESCRIPTION OF ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA 
1042
 
Material change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of Ensemble since 31 
December 2023 (the date of its most recently published audited financial statements).

--- Page 1069 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CONCERTO INVESTMENT CORPORATION LTD 
1043
 
SECTION G.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CONCERTO INVESTMENT CORPORATION LIMITED 
Concerto 
Concerto is Concerto Investment Corporation Limited, an exempted company incorporated in the 
Cayman Islands with limited liability. Concerto was incorporated on 5 March 2020 under the Companies 
Act (As Revised) (the Cayman Companies Act) with incorporation number 360873. The registered 
office of Concerto is at PO Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102 Cayman Islands. 
The telephone number of Concerto is +1 345 945 7099. The length of life of Concerto is undetermined. 
The authorised share capital of Concerto is US$50,000 divided into 50,000 ordinary shares of US$1.00 
each, 250 of which have been issued. All of the issued shares (the Shares) are fully-paid and are held by 
MaplesFS Limited as share trustee (in such capacity, the Share Trustee) under the terms of a declaration 
of trust (the Declaration of Trust) dated on or about 23 November 2020 under which the Share Trustee 
holds the Shares in trust until the Termination Date (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) and may only 
dispose or otherwise deal with the Shares with the approval of the Trustee for so long as there are any 
Securities outstanding. Prior to the Termination Date, the trust is an accumulation trust, but the Share 
Trustee has power with the consent of the Trustee, to benefit the Securityholders or Qualified Charities 
(as defined in the Declaration of Trust). It is not anticipated that any distribution will be made whilst any 
Security is outstanding. Following the Termination Date, the Share Trustee will wind up the trust and 
make a final distribution to charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in, and derives no benefit 
(other than its fee for acting as Share Trustee) from, its holding of the Shares. 
The Business of Concerto 
Concerto has no prior operating history or prior business and will not have any substantial assets or 
liabilities other than in connection with the Securities. 
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, Concerto shall not, without the consent of the 
Trustee, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or engage in any business (other than 
acquiring and holding assets in connection with the Securities), issuing the Securities and entering into 
related agreements and transactions as provided for in the Transaction Documents, or, inter alia, declare 
any dividends, have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease, or otherwise acquire any real 
property (including office premises or like facilities), consolidate or merge with any other person or 
convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entity to any person (otherwise than as 
contemplated in the Transaction Documents) or issue any shares (other than such Shares as were in issue 
on the date hereof or as contemplated in the Transaction Documents). 
Concerto has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of US$250 representing the issued and paid-
up share capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of the Securities and the 
acquisition of assets in connection with the Securities, the bank account into which such paid-up share 
capital and fees are deposited, any interest earned thereon and the assets on which the Securities are 
secured. Save in respect of fees generated in connection with the issue of the Securities any related profits 
and proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such fees or from amounts representing 
Concerto's issued and paid-up share capital, Concerto does not expect to accumulate any surpluses. 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiaries.  
The Securities are the obligations of Concerto alone and not the Share Trustee. Furthermore, they are not 
the obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by any other party. 
Concerto's only business is to enter into obligations for the payment or repayment of borrowed money, 
including issuing debt securities such as the Securities, and to enter into transactions within the limits of 
the Cayman Companies Act. 
Restrictions on the Offer of Securities 
No invitation whether directly or indirectly may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe 
for the Securities unless Concerto is listed on the Cayman Islands Stock Exchange.

--- Page 1070 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CONCERTO INVESTMENT CORPORATION LTD 
1044
 
Financial Statements 
Since the date of incorporation, no financial statements of Concerto have been prepared and no auditors 
have been appointed. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of Concerto as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
Shareholders' Funds 
(US$) 
Share capital (authorised US$50,000; issued 250 shares of 
US$1.00 each) 
 
Ordinary Shares of US$1.00 each 
250 
Total Capitalisation 
250 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Concerto has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of 
borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under 
acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities. There 
has been no change in the capitalisation of Concerto since, the date of its incorporation. 
Directors of Concerto 
The directors of Concerto are as follows: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Nicolas Rogivue 
Director 
Peter Lundin 
Director 
The business address of the Directors is c/o MaplesFS Limited, PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket 
Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The Directors are full time employees of MaplesFS 
Limited. 
The Cayman Administrator 
MaplesFS Limited will also act as the Cayman Administrator of Concerto (in such capacity, the Cayman 
Administrator). The office of the Cayman Administrator will serve as the general business office of 
Concerto. Through the office, and pursuant to the terms of an Administration Agreement to be entered 
into between Concerto and the Cayman Administrator (the Administration Agreement), the Cayman 
Administrator will perform in the Cayman Islands or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by the 
parties from time to time various management functions on behalf of Concerto and the provision of 
certain clerical, administrative and other services until termination of the Administration Agreement. The 
Cayman Administrator will also provide registered office facilities to Concerto under its standard Terms 
and Conditions for the Provision of Registered Office Services by MaplesFS Limited (Structured Finance 
– Cayman Company) as approved and agreed by resolution of Concerto's board of directors (the 
Registered Office Agreement). In consideration of the foregoing, the Cayman Administrator will 
receive various fees payable by Concerto at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus expenses. The 
terms of the Administration Agreement and the Registered Office Agreement provide that either 
Concerto or the Cayman Administrator may terminate such agreements upon the occurrence of certain 
stated events, including any breach by the other party of its obligations under such agreements. In 
addition, the Administration Agreement and the Registered Office Agreement provide that either party 
shall be entitled to terminate such agreements by giving at least three months' notice in writing to the 
other party with a copy to any applicable rating agency. 
The Cayman Administrator will be subject to the overview of Concerto's Board of Directors.

--- Page 1071 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CONCERTO INVESTMENT CORPORATION LTD 
1045
 
The Cayman Administrator's principal office is PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand 
Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
The AML Services Provider 
Maples Compliance Services (Cayman) Limited will provide certain services to Concerto in connection 
with Concerto's obligations under the Cayman AML Regulations (in such capacity, the AML Services 
Provider) pursuant to the terms of an AML Services Agreement to be entered into between Concerto 
and the AML Services Provider (the AML Services Agreement). Under the terms of the AML Services 
Agreement, the AML Services Provider, either by itself or through an affiliate, will provide the services 
prescribed under the AML Services Agreement until termination of the AML Services Agreement. In 
consideration of the foregoing, the AML Services Provider will receive various fees payable by Concerto 
at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus expenses. The terms of the AML Services Agreement provide 
that either Concerto or the AML Services Provider may terminate such agreement upon the occurrence 
of certain stated events, including any breach by the other party of its obligations under such agreement. 
In addition, the AML Services Agreement provides that either party shall be entitled to terminate such 
agreement by giving at least one month's notice in writing to the other party. 
The AML Services Provider will be subject to the overview of Concerto's Board of Directors.  
The AML Services Provider is an affiliate of the Cayman Administrator and its principal office is PO 
Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
Restrictions 
The Master Trust Deed contains restrictions on the activities in which Concerto may engage without the 
prior written consent of the Trustee and any relevant Counterparty. Terms used in this section 
(Restrictions) are as defined in the Master Trust Deed. 
Pursuant to these restrictions, the business of Concerto is limited to: (a) the issue of Securities or entering 
into or incurring Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Master Trust Deed); (b) acquiring and owning 
Charged Assets or any assets used to secure any Permitted Indebtedness and the exercise of its rights and 
performance of its obligations in respect thereof; (c) entering into and performing its obligations under, 
or enforcing its rights in respect of, any agreements necessary or incidental to the Programme and/or the 
issue of any Securities, including the granting of security for any Securities and any agreements relating 
to the creation of or incidental to the creation of and the granting of security for any Permitted 
Indebtedness; (d) borrowing money (if appropriate and subject to the restrictions set out in the Master 
Trust Deed); and (e) performing any acts incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the 
foregoing including, without limitation, entering into any swap, option, repurchase, reverse repurchase 
or forward foreign exchange agreement in connection with the issue of Securities or incurrence of any 
Permitted Indebtedness.  
The assets of Concerto will consist of, inter alia, any Charged Assets and/or the benefit of Charged 
Agreements and Credit Support Documents in respect of each Series of Securities and the issued and 
paid-up capital of Concerto and, where appropriate, assets and the benefit of any agreements relating to 
any Permitted Indebtedness or any other borrowings of Concerto. The only assets of Concerto available 
to meet claims of Securityholders of the relevant Securities are the assets comprised in the relevant 
collection of assets, rights and other benefits comprising the security for such Securities. 
The Securities are obligations of Concerto and, if applicable, the Issuer Credit Enhancer. The Securities 
are not obligations of the Share Trustee, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Corporate Service Provider, any 
Counterparty, any Credit Support Provider or any obligor in respect of any Charged Assets. Furthermore, 
they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, any Dealer. 
Authorisations 
Concerto has obtained all necessary external consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Securities by it.  
Concerto's accession to the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of 
Concerto on 20 November 2020. The update of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the 
board of directors of Concerto held on 8 April 2025.

--- Page 1072 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CONCERTO INVESTMENT CORPORATION LTD 
1046
 
The issue of each Tranche of Securities will be authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of 
Concerto. 
Litigation 
Concerto is not, nor has been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Concerto is aware), in the 12 month 
period immediately preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have, or have in such period 
had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Concerto. 
Material change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of Concerto since the 
date of its incorporation.

--- Page 1073 ---
INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIBANK, N.A. 
1047
 
SECTION G.3 – INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIBANK, N.A. 
Citibank, N.A. (Citibank) was originally organised in 1812 and today is a national banking association 
organised under the National Bank Act of 1864. Citibank is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup or Citi), a Delaware corporation, publicly traded company, and a financial 
holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act. Citibank's principal place of business is located 
at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013.  
Citibank's principal offerings include investment banking, commercial banking, cash management, trade 
finance and e-commerce; private banking products and services; consumer finance, credit cards and 
mortgage lending; and retail banking products and services. 
Citibank is regulated and supervised by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC). The 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) also has examination authority for Citibank. Overseas 
branches of Citibank are regulated and supervised by the Federal Reserve Board (FRB) and OCC, and 
overseas subsidiary banks by the FRB. These overseas branches and subsidiary banks are also regulated 
and supervised by regulatory authorities in the host countries. In addition, the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau regulates consumer financial products and services. 
Directors of Citibank 
The directors of Citibank are: 
Name 
Position at Citibank 
Ellen M. Costello 
Independent Director 
Grace E. Dailey 
Independent Director 
Barbara Desoer 
Independent Director 
Jane Fraser 
Non-independent Director 
Sunil Garg 
Non-independent Director 
Duncan P. Hennes 
Independent Director 
S. Leslie Ireland 
Independent Director 
Diana L. Taylor 
Independent Director 
James S. Turley 
Independent Director 
 
Common equity of Citibank and major shareholders  
As at 31 December 2023, the common equity of Citibank was U.S.$751,000,000 made up of 37,534,553 
ordinary shares of U.S.$20.  
All of the common equity of Citibank is owned by Citicorp LLC, which in turn is owned by Citigroup 
Inc. 
Selected Financial Information  
Consolidated Balance Sheets

--- Page 1074 ---
INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIBANK, N.A. 
1048
 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(U.S.$ in Millions) 
(unaudited) 
 
For the Years 
Ended 31 December 
For the Years 
Ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions) 
(in millions) 
ASSETS 
(Initial filings) 
(Restated filing in June 
2024) 
Cash and balances due from 
depository institutions: 
 
 
 
 
Noninterest-bearing and 
currency and coin 
24,565 
28,354 
 
24,565 
 
28,354 
Interest-bearing
 ....................................................  
227,219 
301,845 
227,219 
301,845 
Securities: 
 
 
 
 
Held to maturity, at cost
 ....................................................  
248,289 
262,809 
248,289 
262,809 
Available for sale, at market
 ....................................................  
224,876 
222,453 
224,876 
222,453 
Federal funds sold in domestic 
offices and securities purchased 
under agreements to resell
..........................................................  
81,366 
92,279 
81,366 
89,666 
Loans and leases held for 
sale……………… 
3,466 
16,963 
3,466 
16,963 
Loans and leases held for 
investment
 ....................................................  
650,085 
624,497 
650,085 
624,497 
Allowance for loan and lease losses
 ....................................................  
(16,353)
(15,474) 
(16,353) 
(15,474) 
 
Loans and leases, net of 
unearned income and allowance 
 
633,732 
 
609,023 
 
633,732 
 
609,023 
Trading assets
 ....................................................  
123,243 
119,532 
123,243 
119,532 
Goodwill and other intangible assets
..........................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other assets
..........................................................  
117,954 
113,494 
117,954 
113,494 
Total assets
..........................................................  
1,684,710 
1,766,752 
1,684,710 
1,764,139 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
Deposits
..........................................................  
1,327,597 
1,399,631 
1,327,597 
1,399,631 
Federal funds purchased in  
domestic offices and securities sold 
under agreements to repurchase
..........................................................  
 
9,771 
 
16,188 
 
9,771 
 
13,575

--- Page 1075 ---
INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIBANK, N.A. 
1049
 
Trading liabilities
..........................................................  
46,601 
59,807 
46,601 
59,807 
Other borrowed money
..........................................................  
65,939 
56,408 
65,939 
56,408 
Subordinated notes and debentures
..........................................................  
10,500 
10,500 
10,500 
10,500 
Other liabilities
..........................................................  
60,591 
59,273 
60,591 
59,273 
Total liabilities
..........................................................  
1,520,999 
1,601,807 
1,520,999 
1,599,194 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
Perpetual preferred stock and related 
surplus
..........................................................  
2,100 
2,100 
2,100 
2,100 
 
Common stock
..........................................................  
751 
751 
751 
751 
Surplus
..........................................................  
147,833 
147,595 
147,833 
147,595 
Retained earnings
..........................................................  
38,952 
43,834 
38,952 
43,834 
Accumulated other comprehensive  
income (loss)
 ....................................................  
 
(26,691)
 
(29,943) 
 
(26,691) 
 
(29,943) 
Total bank equity capital 
162,945 
164,945 
162,945 
164,337 
Noncontrolling (minority) interests 
in consolidated subsidiaries
 ....................................................  
 
766 
 
608 
 
766 
 
608 
Total equity capital
..........................................................  
163,711 
164,945 
163,711 
164,945 
Total liabilities and equity capital
..........................................................  
1,684,710 
1,766,752 
1,684,710 
1,764,139 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
(U.S.$ in Millions) 
(unaudited) 
 
For the Years Ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
(in millions) 
Total interest income...........................................................
92,383
59,000
Interest expense ................................................................... 
45,822 
14,859 
Net interest income..............................................................
46,561
44,141
Provision for loan and lease losses ...................................... 
8,223 
4,735 
Net interest income after provision .....................................
38,338
39,406
Realised gains (losses) on securities....................................
-4
-225
Noninterest income .............................................................
16,568
17,329
Noninterest expense ............................................................ 
39,463 
35,452 
Income before taxes ............................................................
15,439
21,058
Income tax expense ............................................................. 
4,122 
5,317 
Income from continuing operations.....................................
11,317
15,741

--- Page 1076 ---
INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIBANK, N.A. 
1050
 
Extraordinary items and other adjustments, net of income 
taxes .................................................................................
(1) 
-263 
Net income (loss) attributable to bank and noncontrolling 
(minority) interests...........................................................
11,316 
15,478 
Less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling 
(minority) interests...........................................................
147 
92 
Net income (loss) attributable to bank ................................. 
11,169 
15,386 
Auditor of Citibank 
Citibank's auditor is KPMG LLP which is located at 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154. KPMG 
LLP audited the financial statements of Citibank for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022. 
Swap Agreement 
The obligations of Citibank under the Swap Agreement will not be guaranteed by Citigroup. The 
obligations of Citibank under any Swap Agreement are not insured by the FDIC or any other regulatory 
agency of the United States or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 1077 ---
INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
1051
 
SECTION G.4 – INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (CGML) is a private company limited by shares and was incorporated 
in England and Wales on 21 October 1983. CGML operates under the laws of England and Wales, 
including the Companies Act, and is domiciled in England. Its registered office is at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and its telephone number is +44(0)20 7986 4000. The 
registration number of CGML is 01763297 on the register maintained by the UK Companies House. The 
website of CGML is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no 
information in such website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGML is XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493. 
Directors of CGML  
The directors of CGML are: 
Name 
Position at CGML 
Jonathan Paul Moulds 
Director (Chair) 
Tiina Le-Seong Lee 
Director (CEO) 
Amit Raja 
Director 
Iain Plunkett 
Director 
Sally Jane Clark 
Director 
William Moray Newton Fall 
Director 
Evelin Ducsai 
Director 
Casper Wilhelm Von Koskull 
Director 
Manjira Sen-Gosain 
Director 
Graham Westgarth 
Director 
The business address of each director of CGML in his or her capacity as such is Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB. There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between 
any duties owed to CGML by the board of directors listed above and their private interests and/or other 
duties. There are no principal activities performed by the directors outside of CGML which are 
significant with respect to CGML. 
Principal activities 
CGML is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and has a major international presence as 
a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income securities and commodities, as well as 
providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and government clients. It is 
headquartered in London and operates globally. CGML is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority (PRA) and regulated by the PRA and Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). CGML is also a 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) registered swap dealer, and United States Securities 
Exchange Commission (SEC) registered security-based swap dealer and is considered a Risk-Taking 
Operating Material Legal Entity in Citigroup Inc.'s Global Resolution Plan. 
Share capital of CGML and major shareholders  
As at 30 June 2024, the fully paid up issued share capital of CGML was U.S.$20,998,975,176 made up 
of 20,998,975,176 ordinary shares of a par value of U.S.$1 each.

--- Page 1078 ---
INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
1052
 
All of the issued share capital of CGML is owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas 
Limited (100 per cent.), which is an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder or associated 
group of shareholders acting together owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly 
or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc.  
Auditor of CGML 
CGML's auditor is KPMG LLP, having its registered office at 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL. 
KPMG LLP is regulated by the Financial Reporting Council. KPMG LLP are members of the UK's 
chartered accountants' professional body, ICAEW, of Chartered Accountants' Hall, Moorgate Place, 
London EC2R 6EA. 
KPMG LLP audited the financial statements of CGML for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and 
expressed an unqualified opinion on such financial statements in its reports dated 25 April 2023 and 25 
April 2024.

--- Page 1079 ---
INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS EUROPE AG 
1053
 
SECTION G.5 – INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
EUROPE AG  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (CGME) is a stock corporation and was incorporated under the 
laws of Germany with its registered place of business in Frankfurt am Main and has been recorded in the 
Commercial Register of the Local Court of Frankfurt am Main under registration number HRB 88301 
since June 10, 2010. 
Directors of CGME 
The directors of CGME are: 
Name 
Position at CGME and location 
Dr. Silvia Carpitella 
Bank Director, Chairperson of the Executive Board 
Mr. Stefan Hafke 
Head of BCMA, Bank Director (Kelkheim) 
Ms. Cristina Paviglianiti 
Head of Markets, Bank Director (Milan) 
Mr. Michael Weber 
CAO, Bank Director (Frankfurt am Main) 
Ms. Jean Young 
O&T, Bank Director (Königstein im Taunus) 
Principal activities 
CGME is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Limited, London (CGML) and, an 
indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. CGME is a CRR-credit institution pursuant to Article 4 (1)(1)(b) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation, CRR) in conjunction with § 32 (1) 
sentence 3 of the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz, KWG) and has been regulated by the 
European Central Bank, BaFin and Deutsche Bundesbank since 18 October 2022.  
CGME provides the whole range of products offered by Citigroup in the areas of Markets, Investment 
Banking, and Independent Research to clients domiciled in the European Economic Area (EEA), 
including large international corporates, financial institutions, institutional investors (such as asset 
managers, insurance companies and financial lenders) and government and public sector entities 
(including municipalities). In addition, CGME provides its customers with access to international capital 
markets. 
In addition, CGME provides Citigroup's global clients with access to global financial products. 
Since 31 December 2023 the Issuer has been operating as its own intermediate EU parent undertaking 
(IPU) under the requirements of Directive (EU) 2019/878 (CRD V). 
Share capital of CGME and major shareholders  
The subscribed capital, which equals EUR 242,000,000 and is unchanged from the previous year, is 
divided into 9,481,592 no par shares. The sole shareholder of CGME is Citigroup Global Markets Ltd., 
London/Great Britain, whose financial statements are included in the consolidated financial statements 
of Citigroup Inc., New York/USA. 
Selected Financial Information 
 
At or for the year ended 31 December 
German GAAP 
 
2023 
(audited) 
2022 
(audited) 
 
(in millions of EUR)
Income Statement 
Gross Profit .................................................................
Commission income and fees......................................
502
543

--- Page 1080 ---
INFORMATION CONCERNING CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS EUROPE AG 
1054
 
Net dealing income......................................................
41
108
Operating profit on ordinary activities before taxation
-3
40
Balance Sheet Data 
Total assets..................................................................
54,517
42,517
Subordinated Loans.....................................................
0
0
Shareholder's funds .....................................................
4,646
3,750
Auditor of CGME 
CGME's auditor is BDO AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main having its registered 
office at Hanauer Landstraße 115, 60314 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The auditor is a member of the 
chamber of auditors listed below: Wirtschaftsprüferkammer, Körperschaft des öffentlichen Rechts, 
Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin, Germany. 
BDO AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft audited the financial statements of CGME for the fiscal year 
from 1 January 2023 through 31 December 2023 and the fiscal year from 1 January 2022 through 31 
December 2022.

--- Page 1081 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES 
1055
 
SECTION H - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
SECURITIES

--- Page 1082 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1056
 
SECTION H.1 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List. Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities (other than 
Exempt Securities) to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for the Securities to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on Euronext Dublin's global exchange market (GEM). Euronext Dublin's GEM 
is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Issuers with securities listed and admitted 
to trading on GEM, a multilateral trading facility (MTF), are not subject to the same rules as 
issuers with securities listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market. The risk in investing 
in debt securities on GEM may therefore be higher than investing in debt securities listed on a 
regulated market. Investors should take this into account when making investment decisions. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Exempt Securities to be 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Euro 
MTF Market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange has approved this Base Prospectus in relation 
to the Exempt Securities to be listed on the Euro MTF Market. The Euro MTF Market is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application may also be made to the London Stock Exchange for Securities to be admitted to 
trading on the ISM but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to 
the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
ISM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the NASDAQ Stockholm AB, but there can be 
no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities or 
at all. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the MoT, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior 
to the date of issue of any Securities or at all. 
Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading (i) on the SeDeX and (ii) on EuroTLX but there can be no assurance that any such listing 
will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. SeDeX 
and EuroTLX are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for the Securities to be listed to the official list and admitted to trading 
on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur 
on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. 
Application will be made for the Securities to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Vienna MTF, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on 
or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Vienna MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.

--- Page 1083 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1057
 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the AIAF and admitted to trading on the 
Spanish Stock Exchange, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or 
prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on NASDAQ Stockholm AB and admitted 
to trading on the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, but there can be no assurance that any such listing 
will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on SPECTRUM but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the 
date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of doubt, 
SPECTRUM is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an issue of Securities may or may not be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and/or the Italian Stock Exchange and/or the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange or market as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
2. 
Securities have been accepted for clearance and settlement through Euroclear, Clearstream and 
Luxembourg. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg.  
The Common Code or CUSIP, as applicable and the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) for each Tranche of Securities will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3. 
None of the Issuers will provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
4. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Issuers is as follows: 
Ensemble Investment Corporation SA: 213800NJ3XBQ6WAELG95 
Concerto Investment Corporation Limited: 549300LJF2WFSTBO7175 
5. 
Information relating to the past and future performance and volatility of the Underlying(s) is 
available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, 
including the relevant Electronic Page specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Securities admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market or the 
Euro MTF. 
6. 
Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is available 
from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, including the 
relevant Electronic Page, Page or, as the case may be, page referred to in the applicable Floating 
Rate Option, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in 
the case of Securities admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market or the Euro MTF.

--- Page 1084 ---
ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
1058
 
SECTION H.2 – ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
Securities will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a Series). The Securities of each Series are 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Securities of that Series. 
Each Series of Securities may be issued in one or more classes (each a Class) comprised of one or more 
tranches (each a Tranche), having different issue dates but the terms otherwise identical to other 
Tranches constituting such series (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest). 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1085 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
1059
 
SECTION H.3 – USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds from each Series of Securities will be applied by the relevant Issuer to: 
(a) 
purchase the Charged Assets applicable to such Series; and/or  
(b) 
fund any initial payment obligations under any related Swap Agreements (if any) (including any 
Credit Support Annex); and/or 
(c) 
fund any initial payment obligations under any related SL Agreements (if any); 
(d) 
meet certain expenses and fees payable in connection with the operations of the relevant Issuer 
and the issue of any Securities as set out in the applicable Issue Terms relating to any Series of 
Securities as may otherwise be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1086 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1060
 
SECTION H.4 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
The Securities may be Securities which do not bear interest, interest bearing securities, securities which 
pay a fixed amount on redemption, and/or securities whose return (in respect to any interest payable on 
such securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more Underlyings. This section 
provides information in respect of certain product features and/or characteristics which may have an 
effect on the return on the Securities. Investors should note that the product features and/or characteristics 
and their effect on the return on the Securities as described in this Section are not intended to be 
exhaustive. Investors should also read the risk factors set out in Section B – Risk Factors above and the 
Conditions. 
General 
Interest 
The Securities may or may not be expressed to bear interest in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the 
Securities are expressed to bear interest, then amounts in respect of interest due under the Securities will 
be determined by reference to the applicable fixed rate amount, floating rate, CMS rate, inflation rate or 
performance amount rate (determined by reference to the relevant Underlying(s)) but, unless the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that the provisions relating to Interest Barrier Events are applicable, 
whether interest is due or not shall not otherwise be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant rate(s), inflation index or Underlying(s).  
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the provisions relating to Interest Barrier Event are 
applicable, then whether interest is due or not may be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s). The applicable Issue Terms may specify that, if an Interest Barrier Event does 
not occur in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, then no amount in respect of interest shall be 
paid on that Interest Payment Date.  
If the Interest Barrier Event provisions are applicable and, in accordance with their terms, interest is to 
be calculated in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest due on such Interest 
Payment Date will also be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) if 
Interim Performance Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
otherwise, the amount of interest due on such Interest Payment Date will be an amount determined by 
reference to the applicable fixed rate or amount, floating rate, CMS rate or inflation rate provisions set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In addition to the features described under "Barrier Events" below, an Interest Barrier Event will occur 
(a) if "Interest Barrier Event Lock-In" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if the 
relevant interest lock-in condition has been satisfied in respect of a prior Interest Payment Date (such 
that, once the relevant Interest Lock-in Level has been satisfied in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
then an Interest Barrier Event will occur in respect of each subsequent Interest Payment Date); and (b) if 
"Multi-Chance Provisions" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, only if an Interest 
Barrier Event has occurred in respect of a specified minimum number of relevant Underlying(s) and in 
such circumstances the amount of interest due may then depend on the exact number of relevant 
Underlying(s) above such minimum number in respect of which an Interest Barrier Event has occurred 
for such Interest Payment Date; and (c) if "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, on each range accrual observation date during the relevant interest period and the amount 
of interest due will accrue in respect of each such date on which an Interest Barrier Event occurs; if an 
Interest Barrier Event occurs on no date during the relevant interest period, then no amount in respect of 
interest shall be due.  
If the Securities are specified as "Buy the Dip Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of 
interest due on such Interest Payment Date will be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s) as well as a fixed rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Securities may, in addition to any amounts in respect of interest due as described above pay a Non-
Contingent Interest Amount on each Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date, but only if the Non-
Contingent Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1087 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1061
 
If you invest in Securities to which an Interest Barrier Event applies, you should be aware that you may 
not receive any amount in respect of interest during the term of the Securities. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" and, 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the Securities will be 
redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms will become payable on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, provided that, where a 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall also 
pay the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon on the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. No further amount shall be payable 
in respect of such Securities after the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. In this case, you are subject to 
a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in such Securities with an 
investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Securities. 
If any Securities are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited 
to the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, and (if 
applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon irrespective of the price of the relevant 
Underlying(s) or any other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will 
not benefit from any movement in the price of relevant Underlying(s) that may occur during the period 
between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, Early Exit MER Amount 
(together with (if applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon) is a specified fixed amount and 
such amount is greater than your initial investment in the Securities, then you should note that, unless a 
scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part 
of your investment. 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Securities, as set out in General Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Redemption amount or Entitlement due on the maturity date  
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then a fixed redemption amount shall be due in respect of each Security on the 
Maturity Date. Such amount shall not be linked to the performance of any Underlying. 
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the provisions relating to Redemption Barrier Event are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the redemption amount due or assets deliverable shall in 
all circumstances be linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the provisions relating to Redemption Barrier Event are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the redemption amount due or assets deliverable shall 
depend on whether a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and, if the provisions relating to 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event or the provisions relating to Redemption Lower Barrier Event are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if a Redemption Upper Barrier Event or a

--- Page 1088 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1062
 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event respectively has occurred. The applicable Issue Terms will specify 
what constitutes a "Redemption Barrier Event" and any "Redemption Upper Barrier Event" or 
"Redemption Lower Barrier Event". Such alternate amounts may either be expressed as being a fixed 
redemption amount shall be due in respect of each Security or as being a redemption amount due or 
assets deliverable that is linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
Where the redemption amount or assets deliverable at maturity is determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s), unless a scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified 
in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part of your investment. 
Features which determine amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of Securities linked to the 
performance of the Underlying(s)  
Where the Securities are linked to the performance of Underlying(s), then certain features of such 
Securities (as described below) may determine amounts due or assets deliverable thereunder. 
Performance  
Interim Performance, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance and Final Performance may be 
determined in respect of one or more Underlyings as follows: 
 
"single underlying observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference 
to the Underlying performance of a single Underlying for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the appreciation or depreciation in level of the relevant Underlying on the relevant Valuation 
Date(s) compared with the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the 
applicable terms and conditions of the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable 
where such provisions apply are linked only to the performance of that Underlying. 
 
"best of basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to 
the Underlying having the specified highest performance for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the appreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with 
the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the applicable terms and 
conditions of the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable where such provisions 
apply are linked to such specified highest performing Underlying(s) only. Where the "Himalaya 
Interim Performance – European Observation" provisions apply, then once an Underlying has 
had the highest performance for any Interest Payment Date, such Underlying's performance 
shall be disregarded for each subsequent Interest Payment Date. 
 
"worst of basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to 
the Underlying having the specified lowest performance for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the depreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with 
the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined in the applicable terms and conditions of 
the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable where such provisions apply are 
linked to such specified lowest performing Underlying(s) only and, for example where the "first 
lowest performance" applies, if one Underlying performs negatively, then any positive 
performance of all other Underlying(s) will be irrelevant in the determination of the applicable 
amount(s) due or assets deliverable.  
 
"Himalaya interim performance – Asian observation" means that the relevant performance is 
calculated by reference to the arithmetic average of the performance of the Underlying having 
the highest performance for each relevant Valuation Date relating to the relevant payment date 
(assessed as the appreciation in level of such Underlying on each such relevant Valuation Date 
compared with the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the 
applicable terms and conditions of the Securities) but PROVIDED THAT, once an Underlying 
has had the highest performance for any valuation date relating to that payment date, such 
Underlying's performance shall be disregarded for each subsequent Valuation Date relating to 
that payment date (but shall not be disregarded in respect of subsequent Interest Payment Dates). 
As such, amounts due or assets deliverable are not directly linked to any one Underlying(s) and 
positive performance of some Underlying(s) may be negated by negative performance of other 
Underlying(s), particularly as a consistently high performing Underlying will only have its first-

--- Page 1089 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1063
 
occurring highest performance included in the calculation of the arithmetic average performance 
for the relevant payment date. 
 
"weighted basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference 
to the performance of a weighted basket of Underlying(s) (assessed as the appreciation or 
depreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with the 
relevant strike date(s)) and multiplied by the weighting. As such, amounts due or assets 
deliverable are not directly linked to the performance of any one Underlying and positive 
performance of some Underlying(s) may be negated by negative performance of other 
Underlying(s), particularly when the weighting attributed to such Underlying(s) having a 
negative performance is greater than that attributed to those Underlying(s) having a positive 
performance. Where "rainbow weighting" is applicable, the higher the weighting attributed to 
the relevant Underlying having the lowest performance for the relevant Valuation Date, the 
lower the Interim Performance, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or Final 
Performance, as the case may be. 
 
"outperformance" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to the 
difference in the performance of the Underlying or Underlyings comprising the Outperformance 
A Underlyings and the Underlying or Underlyings comprising the Outperformance B 
Underlying. Therefore, the performance will be positive where the performance of the 
Outperformance A Underlyings is greater than the performance of the Underlying or 
Underlyings comprising the Outperformance B Underlying. In determining which Underlyings 
comprise each of the Outperformance A Underlyings and the Outperformance B Underlyings, 
any of the above observation provisions may apply, as further detailed in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
 
"arithmetic mean underlying return" means that the relevant performance is calculated by 
reference to the arithmetic average of the underlying returns of a basket of Underlying(s). Each 
underlying return being assessed as the appreciation or depreciation in level of each such 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with the relevant strike date(s) or a 
capped, floored, collared or fixed percentage (which may be zero) instead of such appreciation 
or depreciation for that Underlying, all as further detailed in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities. As such, amounts due or assets deliverable are not directly linked to the performance 
of any one specified Underlying. 
 
"cliquet" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum or product of the re-setting performance of a single Underlying 
for each relevant Valuation Date relating to that payment date (assessed as the appreciation or 
depreciation in level of the Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date compared with its value 
on the last relevant Valuation Date(s) or, if none, the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise 
determined as provided in the applicable terms and conditions of the Securities). If period 
performance provisions apply, then that sum or product of the re-setting performance of the 
Underlying shall be subtracted from the performance of the single Underlying for the period 
relating to the relevant payment date (such performance for the period being assessed as the 
appreciation or depreciation in level of the Underlying on the relevant last occurring Valuation 
Date relating to the payment date compared with its value on first occurring Valuation Date 
relating to that payment date or, if none, the strike date(s)) or vice versa. As such, amounts due 
or assets deliverable where such provisions apply are linked only to the performance of that 
Underlying. 
You must ensure that you read and understand the relevant performance provisions in respect of the 
Securities as these will influence if certain amounts are paid or delivered and may impact the relevant 
amount or assets due in respect of the Securities.  
Barrier Events  
Whether a Barrier Event has occurred or not may be determined by reference (a) to one or more 
Underlying(s) and, in the case of each such Underlying, whether it is less than, less than or equal to, 
greater than, greater than or equal to or within specified barrier levels; (b) to specified dates only 
("European" observation) or during a period ("American" observation); (c) the aggregate interest 
amounts calculated by reference to the performance of such Underlying(s) and paid in respect of the

--- Page 1090 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1064
 
Securities; and/or (d) to the performance of such Underlying(s) as detailed under Performance above, or 
by reference to the closing level or the level of the relevant Underlying(s) continuously observed or the 
arithmetic average, highest or lowest of the closing level or the level of the relevant Underlying(s) 
observed on specified dates.  
You must ensure that you read and understand what constitutes each relevant Barrier Event in respect of 
the Securities as the relevant contingencies will influence if certain amounts are paid or delivered and 
may impact the relevant amount or assets due in respect of the Securities. 
Participation rates, caps, floors and collars applied to formulae  
Certain formulae for determining amounts due or assets deliverable under the Securities may be subject 
to one or a combination of the following features: 
 
A maximum amount (a cap) 
 
A minimum amount (a floor)  
 
A maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
 
An "absolute value" (meaning that the relevant calculation, if resulting in a negative number, 
will be determined as if it were a positive number) 
 
One or more participation rates  
 
Addition or subtraction of a specified adjustment amount 
 
An "fx performance" feature (meaning that the formulae shall be adjusted to take into account 
the performance or change in value of a specified fx rate from a specified initial valuation date 
to a specified final valuation date) 
In such circumstances, the relevant calculation will not be made only by reference to the performance of 
the relevant Underlying(s) and the application of such features may result in the calculation being subject 
to a minimum and/or maximum amount or otherwise increasing or decreasing the amount that would 
otherwise have been calculated had no such feature(s) been applicable. Movements in the value of the 
relevant Underlying will be magnified where a participation rate applies and may therefore result in 
greater gains or losses than if no participation rate applied. Therefore, amounts due or assets deliverable 
in respect of the Securities will also be linked to the performance of the relevant exchange rate and 
negative performance of such exchange rate could negate positive performance of the relevant 
Underlying(s). 
Swaption provisions  
Where the Performance Linked Redemption Amount is determined by reference to the "Swaption" 
provisions, the value of the Annuity will go down as the value of the relevant underlying Rate goes up. 
In addition, you should note that, if the Annuity Factor is negative, the Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount will increase as the underlying Rate decreases or, if the Annuity Factor is positive, the 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount will decrease as the underlying Rate increases. Changes in 
market interest rates may therefore adversely affect the value of the relevant Securities.  
FX  
Where FX Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a relevant Underlying 
is denominated in a currency other than the relevant Specified Currency of the Securities then values of 
such Underlying will be converted into the relevant Specified Currency. Such conversion may, as 
provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, be determined by referring to a cross rate 
(meaning that such conversion will be determined via the exchange rate of a third currency). Therefore, 
amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities will also be linked to the performance of 
the relevant exchange rate and negative performance of such exchange rate could negate positive 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s).

--- Page 1091 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1065
 
Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Events  
The amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether bankruptcy has occurred with 
respect to the Reference Entity and whether certain credit events (Credit Events) have occurred in 
respect of obligations of the Reference Entity that fall within a specified category (e.g., bonds, loans, 
borrowed money) and where applicable have specified characteristics (e.g., subordination, currency, 
governing law). Whereas bankruptcy is a Credit Event that relates to the Reference Entity itself, other 
Credit Events, such as failure to pay or restructuring, relate to obligations of the Reference Entity and 
only in the case of a restructuring credit event and in certain cases relating to failure to pay where "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" applies in the applicable Issue Terms, deterioration of creditworthiness of 
the Reference Entity is a pre-condition for a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, to occur. 
Depending on the terms of the Credit Linked Note, obligations for which the Reference Entity acts in a 
capacity other than direct obligor (for example, as a guarantor or insurer) may or may not be within the 
class of obligations that is relevant for purposes of determining whether a Credit Event has occurred. 
Investors should additionally be aware that a Reference Entity may decide to restructure only certain 
classes of its obligations and such a selective restructuring may not result in a Credit Event for the classes 
of obligations that are relevant for a particular Credit Linked Note. Investors should therefore carefully 
review the applicable Credit Events and their definitions under the Credit Linked Notes and 
independently evaluate its appropriateness to the objective for purchasing the Credit Linked Notes. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and/or interest 
Following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain Restructuring Credit Events, 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable may be determined based 
on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted 
into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of such original 
obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for no 
compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of 
principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be 
payable to the investor, but the investor shall be exposed to all losses incurred (to the extent that such 
losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where 
"Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their nominal amount. 
In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the payment of Contingent Interest only (and not any 
Non-Contingent Interest or principal) is contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in respect of the 
Reference Entity. Accordingly, if a Credit Event occurs in relation to the Reference Entity, this will not 
result in full or partial redemption of such Securities; however, such Securities will cease to accrue 
Contingent Interest (in full or in part) as detailed below. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest (in full or in part) will cease to accrue on a specified 
portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes depending on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Contingent Interest) will cease from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is

--- Page 1092 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1066
 
no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on Default" is 
applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will cease to 
accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, interest (or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown 
Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted 
in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been published 
or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will convene a meeting 
to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest (or, in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) payable assuming the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable, had occurred, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, as though no partial exercise 
occurred and where the amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, assuming 
that fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has occurred.  
Investors should be aware that although payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended, being the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount, such interest shall be claimed by the 
Issuer from any amount payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or write down in full of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall 
have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot 
be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods 
and no liability will attach to the Issue for any such non-payment of interest.  
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will otherwise continue 
to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the earlier to occur of any full redemption 
at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Non-Contingent Interest will also continue to be payable in full on the Securities. Where "Credit 
Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes in respect of 
the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate. 
Investors should note that the Issuer is not obliged to suffer any loss as a result of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event. Credit losses on Credit Linked Notes will be calculated irrespective of whether the Issuer has 
suffered an actual loss in relation to a Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. The Issuer is not 
obliged to account for any recovery which it may subsequently make in relation to such Reference Entity 
or its obligations. 
Successors

--- Page 1093 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1067
 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any Successor or Successors to the Reference Entity, and any such change may 
affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. "Successor" means, the entity or entities, if 
any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. 
For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may only be a Successor to a Reference Entity that is a 
sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, annexation, unification, secession, partition, 
dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.  
The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to 
reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and for the 
purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally 
among the Successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding 
in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such 
amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor, considered in the aggregate. The Calculation Agent will also be responsible for 
determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant succession, the 
sovereign or entity, if any, that qualifies as the Successor. Investors should note that the Credit Linked 
Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one or more 
Successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the original 
Reference Entity, which could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should 
also be aware that the determination of a Successor will not necessarily result in the assumption of that 
obligation by the Successor either at all or in the same proportion as the allocation of the notional amount 
of the original Credit Linked Note. 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
Investors should note that a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date may result in a 
Credit Event being triggered under the Credit Linked Notes as the Credit Linked Notes have a "Credit 
Event Backstop Date", which is a look-back period of 60 calendar days from the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice. Credit Linked Notes may also 
be exposed to Successor determinations in respect of events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue 
Date as the Credit Linked Notes have a similar "Successor Backstop Date", which is a look-back period 
of 90 calendar days prior to the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee (or, if applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the 
relevant succession) is applicable for purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors 
should note that a Credit Event or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could 
affect the relevant Credit Linked Notes. Where on or after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one relevant obligation) of a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in 
circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or is in the process of being dissolved and 
has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of 
the assumption (such entity, a Universal Successor), the look-back period of 90 calendar days will not 
apply.  
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference 
Entity(ies) by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a 
request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event 
or Successor determination has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
DC 
Secretary's 
webpage 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date or Issue 
Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days in the 
case of the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal 
Successor) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
make the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions may occur but where issues 
are not raised within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
qualify for a Credit Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not impact the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes, subject to any further actions undertaken by the Calculation Agent (where applicable).

--- Page 1094 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1068
 
Reference Obligations under the Credit Linked Notes 
Where "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
reference obligation will be the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation for the 
relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level (the Standard Reference Obligation or SRO) 
when such SRO is published on the relevant SRO list and from the date of such publication any non-
standard reference obligation set out in the applicable Issue Terms (if any) will no longer be the reference 
obligation. The rules outlining the selection and replacement of the Standard Reference Obligation are 
contained within the rules relating to Standard Reference Obligation, as published by ISDA 
(www.isda.org or any successor website) and as amended and/or supplemented from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof (the SRO Rules). The SRO for a relevant seniority level will only be 
replaced by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee by majority vote in certain 
circumstances set out in the SRO Rules (for example, if the Standard Reference Obligation matures, is 
redeemed or is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity, or in the case of where Financial 
Reference Entities is stated to be applicable in the Issue Terms and where Mod R or Mod Mod R applies, 
if the Standard Reference Obligation has less than one year remaining maturity and a replacement 
Standard Reference Obligation is available in the first maturity bucket, amongst others) after performing 
the necessary legal review and the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or one or more of their 
respective affiliates are not under an obligation to replace the SRO if a substitution event occurs. The 
Issue Terms may specify that Standard Reference Obligation does not apply, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be the non-standard reference obligation specified in the Issue Terms, if any. Where 
certain substitution events occur with respect to such non-standard reference obligations, the Calculation 
Agent will attempt to substitute the same in accordance with the criteria and conditions set out in the 
Credit Linked Notes.  
Where a Reference Obligation Only Series is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall early redeem without any substitution of the reference obligation where the reference 
obligation is redeemed in whole but otherwise, no substitution will be required if the aggregate amounts 
under the said obligation have reduced or it no longer is an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Asset Package Delivery 
Under the Credit Linked Conditions, asset package delivery provisions may apply in respect of a 
Financial Reference Entity in certain circumstances if either (i) a "Governmental Intervention" Credit 
Event has occurred or (ii) if "Restructuring" is an applicable Credit Event, a restructuring has occurred 
in respect of the reference obligation of a Financial Reference Entity, and such restructuring does not 
constitute a "Governmental Intervention" Credit Event. Asset package delivery options may also apply 
in respect of certain Sovereigns subject to restructuring of a package observable bond if Package 
Observable Bonds, being a certain number of deliverable bonds of the sovereign, exist. Following a 
"Governmental Intervention" Credit Event or a restructuring of a reference obligation, in each case in 
respect of a Financial Reference Entity, or in the case of certain sovereigns subject to restructuring of a 
package observable bond, provided that there was an existing obligation of the Reference Entity which, 
immediately prior to the relevant event constituted a deliverable obligation (a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation in the case of a Financial Reference Entity and Package Observable Bond in the case of 
certain sovereigns), the assets which result from such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond can be used for purposes of redeeming the Credit Linked Notes (such redemption Asset 
Package Delivery). 
Asset Package Delivery may apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event 
that triggered redemption, (ii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and no Package Observable Bond 
exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (iii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign 
and "Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA or any 
other successor entity).  
Asset Package Delivery may apply in circumstances where the deliverable obligation has either been 
converted into something that does not constitute a deliverable obligation (e.g. equity), written-down in 
part (such that it becomes uneconomic to deliver) or written-down in full (such that it is uneconomic to 
deliver, but in any event, there is no obligation that can actually be delivered). In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Outstanding Principal Balance will be treated to be the Outstanding

--- Page 1095 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1069
 
Principal Balance immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event and where the 
Outstanding Principal Balance is deemed to be written down to zero, the Asset Package shall be deemed 
to be zero and delivery of the Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation will be deemed 
to have been satisfied in full. For purposes of Asset Package Delivery, the asset package for any holder 
of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond will consist of all of the assets 
in the proportion received or retained by such holder in connection with the Asset Package Credit Event. 
The relevant asset package must be delivered in the proportion received or retained by such a holder. If 
the asset package is not capable of being transferred (excluding due to market conditions) or is not of the 
type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, financial markets, the asset shall be deemed to be 
an amount of cash equal to the market value thereof by the calculation agent by reference to an 
appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. In such case, Asset Package Delivery will occur by payment of 
such cash amount. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligations 
Investors should note that where Asset Package Delivery is not applicable, an Obligation of a Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which meets the deliverable obligation criteria falling within the specific category 
(Bond and/or Loan) and meeting certain characteristics immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring remains a good deliverable for the purposes of inclusion on any Final List or Physical 
Redemption save that unlike in the case of Asset Package Delivery, the outstanding principal balance 
will not be deemed to be such outstanding principal balance prior to the restructuring credit event but 
will be assessed as per the terms of the Credit Linked Note at the time of determination. Accordingly, 
the Issuer may be required to deliver additional deliverable obligations in order to meet the outstanding 
principal balance requirements for delivery. 
M(M)R Restructuring and Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and M(M)R Restructuring occurs, investors should note that the deliverable 
obligations which qualify for inclusion on the Final List or for "Physical Redemption" must not only 
meet the specific deliverability obligation category or characteristics but is further restricted by virtue of 
its tenor to maturity. Accordingly, the loss suffered by an investor will depend on the recovery (expressed 
as a percentage) for the relevant deliverables. Longer dated obligations are subjected to lower recovery 
in comparison with the shorter dated obligations. Where the Calculation Agent determines in respect of 
an M(M)R Restructuring that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred in certain circumstances, 
it may elect (in its sole and absolute discretion) to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the 
Issuer in order for redemption to be effected by virtue of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount being 
determined by reference to a "Parallel Auction" identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option, where the permissible deliverables are more limited in order to 
accommodate "Auction Redemption". Accordingly, in these circumstances, the loss suffered by an 
investor will depend on the recovery for the deliverable obligations associated with the particular 
"Parallel Auction". 
Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit 
Linked Interest Notes, the amounts payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the 
basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction procedure set out in the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms (available at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website)). In respect of specified obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an 
auction final price determination date will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction 
process may be greater or less than the losses which would have been determined in the absence of the 
auction. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, 
which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The 
administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the

--- Page 1096 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1070
 
risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower 
recovery value than an obligation of the Reference Entity would have had if such final price had been 
determined pursuant to alternative methods.  
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may 
be based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date 
different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of and 
return on such Credit Linked Notes. 
Physical Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where Physical Redemption applies to Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the Issuer must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified deliverability 
criteria and deliver those obligations to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible 
to accomplish under some circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified 
or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by 
the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or 
delays in receiving such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or 
permit partial cash settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which 
may include redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. 
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may 
restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery 
expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The calculation of the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined by (i) first, 
ascertaining all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity (ii) then deducting any delivery 
expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts and determining all or any portion of such 
principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than a Permitted Contingency (as 
defined below)) or prohibited action which need to be disregarded, leaving an amount equal to the non-
contingent amount and (iii) finally, determining the quantum of the claim that could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of such non-contingent amount if the obligation was redeemed or 
accelerated which would be the outstanding principal balance. If payments of principal are subject to a

--- Page 1097 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1071
 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could be zero). 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: (a) as a result of the application of: (i) any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant 
to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) provisions 
implementing the subordination of the obligation; (iii) provisions allowing for a transfer of a qualifying 
guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in 
the case of any other guarantees); (iv) any solvency capital provisions if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; or (v) if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable to the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms, provisions (a) which permit 
the Financial Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a governmental intervention; or (b) which is within the control of 
the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee). 
Outstanding Principal Balance – Fallback Discounting  
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provides for the quantum of the claim to be determined 
in accordance with any applicable laws that reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where "Fallback Discounting" applies and if certain other 
conditions are met, being (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or 
discounted in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) the relevant obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount where, in each case, no provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case 
may be exists, prospective investors should note that Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable 
Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, would need to account for the Outstanding Principal 
Balance which would be further reduced in such case which could result in an anticipated par claim being 
treated as less than par. In such circumstances, the Credit Linked Conditions provide that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount 
determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
Further details relating to determinations as to whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount 
(as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation in the context of exchanges 
are set out in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
If all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a 
Securityholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical 
Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large 
a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest 
unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be 
deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and 
effectively discharged in such circumstances.  
The Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the Asset Package to pay cash instead to 
investors the asset market value" of any non delivered asset package converted if necessary, into the 
currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. Such asset market value may be determined by the 
Calculation Agent based on any specialised valuation or methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee or the Calculation Agent or based on a value obtained as though 
Cash Redemption were to apply on a Valuation Date selected by the Calculation Agent.  
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes allow for the Issuer in certain circumstances to 
attempt to continue performing its delivery obligations after the Physical Redemption Date. If Delivery

--- Page 1098 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1072
 
is not completed in full by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, in certain circumstances 
when the event affecting Delivery is cured, the Issuer may be required to complete Delivery on or prior 
to the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date.  
Delivery of loans 
Where Physical Redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria. 
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Cash Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Cash Redemption" applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest Notes, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event. Accordingly, 
any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which 
would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value 
that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the 
selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations 
are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a particular 
determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount or incurred 
loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the exposure 
to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately realised by 
a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following 
a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Investors should note that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset 
Package and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which 
it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a 
Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, equal to zero.

--- Page 1099 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1073
 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
Where the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being 
materially lower than the prevailing price of the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Investors should note that Fixed Recovery Redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage 
set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly. 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the 
loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. Investors accordingly 
will bear the loss of their principal. 
No early redemption or frustration 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes will not early redeem and no frustration shall occur 
solely because the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date 
or Issue Date or Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or 
cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date or Issue Date. Accordingly, investors should conduct their 
own investigation as to the existence of a Reference Entity and/or relevant obligations prior to the 
purchase of the Credit Linked Notes to ensure that the exposure to the particular Reference Entity is 
within the contemplated objectives of the investor.  
Early redemption, merger event redemption and redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes (other than Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes) may be redeemed earlier by the Issuer where it or the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, 
or the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. Accordingly, a Merger Event will result in the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full or in part at the Merger Redemption Amount. 
If a Reference Obligation is fully redeemed with respect to a Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, investors 
should note that the relevant Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the Substitution 
Event Redemption Amount. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed early in the circumstances described above, the Issuer will 
pay to investors, as holder of such Securities, an amount specified in the General Conditions or the Credit 
Linked Conditions or such other amount (or method for calculating the amount) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. There is no guarantee that the amount repaid to any investor will be equal to or 
higher than the initial investment in the relevant Credit Linked Notes and such amount may be 
substantially less than such initial investment. 
Relevant Credit Events and Relevant Risk Events disregarded

--- Page 1100 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1074
 
Where a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an 
event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or the Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, payable to Securityholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes only. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Risk Events 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or 
an Additional Risk Event (together, the Risk Events) in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, 
in either case, unless the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain 
specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement 
the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take 
into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related 
directly to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference 
Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one 
or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; and 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Note(s). 
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event 
is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset

--- Page 1101 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
1075
 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes for which "Reference Asset Only Settlement" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a 
Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore 
that returns on such Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances 
affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The 
creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, 
legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors 
in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant 
Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally representative obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity.

--- Page 1102 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
1076
 
SECTION H.5 – FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
The Securities of each Series will be in registered form. Registered Securities may be offered and sold 
only outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S). 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be 
sold in offshore transactions to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside the 
United States, will be represented by a Registered Security Certificate (a Registered Security 
Certificate). Beneficial interests in a Registered Security Certificate may not be offered, sold or 
transferred at any time in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and may 
not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Registered Security 
Certificate will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Each Security Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded 
in the Register. 
Global Registered Security Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary or if the Global 
Registered Security Certificate is to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the NSS) a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper), as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and registered in the name of a common nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Global Registered Security Certificates will be entitled or 
required, as the case may be, to receive physical delivery of definitive Securities in fully registered form. 
Where the Global Registered Security Certificate issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held 
under the NSS, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Registered Security 
Certificate is intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication 
that the Global Registered Security Certificate are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life 
as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for a Global Registered Security Certificate held under the NSS will be either Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate held on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as the holder of a particular principal amount or number of such Securities (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount or number 
of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), the 
Counterparty (if any), the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount or number of 
such Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal, interest, termination 
or any other amounts in respect of the Securities, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant 
Global Registered Security Certificate shall be treated by the Issuer, the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any), 
the Counterparty (if any), the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount or number 
of such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered Security 
Certificate, and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, subject to the restrictions on transfer described in this Base Prospectus. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular principal amount or number of Securities represented by such Global Registered 
Security Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for 
his share of each payment made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Issuer Credit Enhancer to the 
holder of such Global Registered Security Certificate and the obligations of the Issuer, as the case may

--- Page 1103 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
1077
 
be, Issuer Credit Enhancer in respect of the relevant Securities will be discharged by payment to the 
holder of such Global Registered Security Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchanges 
Exchange of Global Registered Security Certificates 
A Global Registered Security Certificate may be exchanged in whole but not in part (free of charge) for 
definitive Registered Security Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
An Exchange Event means:  
(a) 
an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 13 (Events of Default)) has occurred and 
is continuing; or 
(b) 
if the Global Registered Security Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee 
of the Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, the Issuer has been notified by the Trustee or 
any Agent that Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has/have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or has/have announced an intention permanently to cease business or has/have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system acceptable to the Trustee is available; or  
(c) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Securities represented by the Registered Security Certificate in definitive form and a 
certificate to such effect is given by the Issuer to the Trustee; or 
(d) 
the Issuer and/or the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) would suffer a disadvantage as a result of 
a change in laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) or as a result of a change in the practice 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg which would not be suffered were the Securities 
in definitive form and a certificate to such effect is given by the Issuer and/or (as the case may 
be) the Issuer Credit Enhancer (if any) to the Trustee. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (a) to (c) above, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Global Registered Security Certificate may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (a) to (d) above, the Issuer may also 
give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any exchange shall occur no later than 10 days after 
the date of receipt of the relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Any exchanges of a Global Registered Security Certificate will be made upon presentation of the Global 
Registered Security Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar by the holder of it on any day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in the city of the specified 
office of the Registrar. 
Clearing Systems 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1104 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
1078
 
SECTION H.6 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (together, the Clearing Systems) currently 
in effect.  
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuers believe to be reliable, but none of Issuers, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Agent and any Dealer 
takes any responsibility for the accuracy of such information, except that the Issuers accept responsibility 
for accurately reproducing such information and, as far as the Issuers are aware and are able to 
ascertain from information published by the relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the 
Issuers, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Agent and any Dealer, will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in 
the Securities held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Global Registered Security Certificates 
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate within 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and 
operating procedures of the relevant clearing system and will be subject to the transfer restrictions 
described in this Base Prospectus. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain 
persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer 
Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate to such persons may depend upon the 
ability to exchange such Securities for Securities in definitive form.  
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of Securities of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will generally have a settlement date three 
business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will 
apply to such transfers. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Registered Security Certificates among participants 
and accountholders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Issuers, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Agent and any Dealer (or any affiliate of 
any of the above, or any person by whom any of the above is controlled for the purposes of the Securities 
Act), will be responsible for any performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or their Direct 
or Indirect Participants or accountholders of their obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations nor will any of them have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or

--- Page 1105 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
1079
 
payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Securities represented by Global Registered 
Security Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests. 
Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST)  
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, indirect interests in Securities will be accepted for settlement 
through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (CREST). Following 
their delivery into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Securities may be delivered, held and settled 
in CREST by means of the creation of CREST Depository Interests (CDIs) representing the interests in 
the relevant Securities. The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository Limited (the CREST 
Depository) to investors (CDI Holders) pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as 
subsequently modified, supplemented and/or restated) (the CREST Deed Poll) and will be governed by 
English law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of CREST International Nominees Limited or 
any other body appointed to act as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository (the CREST Nominee) 
in the relevant Securities. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its 
users and participants (the CREST Manual), Securities held in global form by a common depositary 
may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be 
independent securities, constituted under English law which may be held and transferred through 
CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and 
the CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue 
CDIs to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Security, for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect of such CDI. The CREST 
Depository will pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the 
relevant Securities on trust for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the 
CREST Depository notices of meetings of holders of the relevant Securities and other relevant notices 
issued by the Issuer.  
Transfers of interests in Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Securities to 
the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Securities and if listed do not require a 
separate listing. 
Prospective subscribers for Securities represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST 
International Manual which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the CREST 
Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer including the CREST Deed Poll (in the form 
contained in Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as defined below)) executed by the CREST 
Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders of Securities which are not represented 
by CDIs. 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service (the CREST International Settlement Links Service). The settlement of the CDIs by 
means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI 
Holders: 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Securities. The CDIs are separate legal 
instruments from such Securities and represent an indirect interest in such Securities. 
(b) 
The relevant Securities themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in 
such Securities) will be held in account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant 
Securities through a clearing system. Rights in the relevant Securities will be held through 
custodial and depository links through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the

--- Page 1106 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
1080
 
relevant Securities or to interests in such Securities will depend on the rules of the clearing 
system in or through which the relevant Securities are held. 
(c) 
Rights under the relevant Securities cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly 
through the intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of 
rights under the relevant Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant 
intermediary. The rights of CDI Holders to the relevant Securities are represented by the 
entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) holds 
interests in the relevant Securities. This could result in an elimination or reduction in the 
payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the relevant Securities in the event 
of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the relevant 
Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible 
with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant 
intermediaries. 
(d) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed 
Poll. CDI Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions 
of, or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated December 2020 as 
amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the CREST International 
Manual) and the CREST Rules dated January 2021, as amended, modified, varied or 
supplemented from time to time (the CREST Rules) (which, in each case, form part of the 
CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links Service and CDI 
Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions.  
(e) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the Issuer and the 
CREST Depository. 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of 
potential investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International 
Manual and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 207 849 0000 or from the CREST website at 
www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI. 
(g) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST 
Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any 
taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with 
the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
(h) 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuers, any Counterparty, the Trustee, any 
Dealer, any distributor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent will have any 
responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations.

--- Page 1107 ---
ERISA RESTRICTIONS 
1081
 
SECTION H.7 – ERISA RESTRICTIONS 
General  
The following is a summary of certain considerations associated with the purchase of Securities by an 
"employee benefit plan" (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a plan, individual 
retirement account or other arrangement that is subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or provisions under any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law that 
is substantially similar to the provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar Law), 
and entities whose underlying assets are considered to include "plan assets" of any such plan, account or 
arrangement (each, a Plan). This summary is general in nature and is not intended to be all-inclusive. 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in 
non-exempt prohibited transactions, it is particularly important that fiduciaries, or other persons 
considering purchasing Securities on behalf of, or with the assets of, any employee benefit plan or 
retirement arrangement, consult with their counsel to determine whether such employee benefit plan or 
retirement arrangement is subject to Title I of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or any Similar Laws. 
The U.S. Department of Labor has prescribed regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA 
(collectively, the Plan Asset Regulations), that generally provide that when a Plan subject to Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (an ERISA Plan) acquires an equity interest in an entity that is 
neither a "publicly-offered security" (as defined in the Plan Asset Regulations) nor a security issued by 
an investment company registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act, the ERISA Plan's assets 
include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets of the entity 
unless it is established either that equity participation in the entity by "benefit plan investors" is not 
significant or that the entity is an "operating company", in each case as defined in the Plan Asset 
Regulations. For purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations, equity participation in an entity by benefit plan 
investors will not be significant if they hold, in the aggregate, less than 25 per cent. of the value of any 
class of equity interests of such entity, excluding equity interests held by any person (other than a benefit 
plan investor) who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the entity or who 
provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets, and any affiliates of 
such person. Section 3(42) of ERISA provides, in effect, that for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations, 
the term "benefit plan investor" means an ERISA Plan or an entity whose underlying assets are deemed 
to include "plan assets" under the Plan Asset Regulations (for example, an entity 25 per cent. or more of 
the value of any class of equity interests of which is held by benefit plan investors and which does not 
satisfy another exception under the Plan Asset Regulations). 
It is anticipated that (i) Securities will not constitute "publicly-offered securities" for purposes of the Plan 
Asset Regulations, (ii) the relevant Issuer will not be an investment company registered under the U.S. 
Investment Company Act and (iii) the relevant Issuer will not qualify as an "operating company" within 
the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations. Each Issuer intends to prohibit ownership of the Securities 
by benefit plan investors based upon deemed representations. However, no assurance can be given that 
investment by benefit plan investors in the Securities will not be "significant" for purposes of the Plan 
Asset Regulations.  
Plan Asset Consequences 
If the relevant Issuer's assets were deemed to be "plan assets" of an ERISA Plan whose assets were 
invested in the relevant Issuer, this would result, among other things, in (i) the application of the prudence 
and other fiduciary responsibility standards of ERISA to investments made by the relevant Issuer, and 
(ii) the possibility that certain transactions that the relevant Issuer might enter into, or may have entered 
into, in the ordinary course of business might constitute or result in non-exempt prohibited transactions 
under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code and might have to be rescinded. A non-
exempt prohibited transaction, in addition to imposing potential liability upon fiduciaries of the ERISA 
Plan, may also result in the imposition of an excise tax under the Code upon a "party in interest" (as 
defined in ERISA), or "disqualified person" (as defined in the Code), with whom the ERISA Plan 
engages in the transaction.  
Governmental plans, certain church plans and non-U.S. plans, while not subject to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to Similar Laws. Fiduciaries of such plans should

--- Page 1108 ---
ERISA RESTRICTIONS 
1082
 
consult with their counsel before purchasing or holding any Securities. Because of the foregoing, 
Securities may not be purchased or held by any person investing assets of any Plan. 
Representation and Warranty 
In light of the foregoing, each purchaser and each subsequent purchaser of Securities will be deemed to 
represent and warrant, with respect to each day it holds Securities or any beneficial interest therein, that 
no portion of the assets used to purchase or hold its Securities constitutes or will constitute the assets of 
any Plan. Any purported purchase of Securities in violation of the requirement described in the foregoing 
representation will be null and void ab initio and the relevant Issuer will have the right to require any 
person holding a legal or beneficial ownership interest in Securities in violation of such representation 
to (i) sell such interest to a Permitted Purchaser or (ii) transfer such interest to the relevant Issuer, a 
Dealer or an affiliate of a Dealer, in each case at a price equal to the least of (a) the purchase price therefor 
paid by such non-permitted person, (b) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such interest and (c) the 
fair market value of such interest.

--- Page 1109 ---
CAYMAN ISLANDS DATA PROTECTION 
1083
 
SECTION H.8 – CAYMAN ISLANDS DATA PROTECTION 
Concerto has certain duties under the Data Protection Act, As Revised of the Cayman Islands (the DPL) 
based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Securities and the 
associated interactions with Concerto and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing 
Concerto with personal information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, 
trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such 
individuals will be providing Concerto and its affiliates and/or delegates (including, without limitation, 
the Administrator) with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning 
of the DPL. Concerto shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its affiliates and/or 
delegates, such as the Administrator, may act as data processors (or data controllers in their own right in 
some circumstances). 
By investing in the Securities, the Securityholders shall be deemed to acknowledge that they have read 
in detail and understood the Privacy Notice set out below and that such Privacy Notice provides an outline 
of their data protection rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Securities.  
Oversight of the DPL is the responsibility of the Ombudsman's office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of 
the DPL by the Issuer could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution. 
Privacy Notice 
Introduction 
The purpose of this notice (the Privacy Notice) is to provide Securityholders with information on the 
Issuer's use of their personal data in accordance with the DPL. 
In the following discussion, "Cayman Issuer" refers to Concerto, the Cayman Administrator and its or 
their affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 
Investor Data 
By virtue of making an investment in Concerto and a Securityholder's associated interactions with 
Concerto (including any subscription (whether past, present of future), including the recording of 
electronic communications or phone calls where applicable) or by virtue of a Securityholder otherwise 
providing Concerto with personal information on individuals connected with the Securityholder as an 
investor (for example directors, trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, 
beneficial owners or agents), the Securityholder will provide the Issuer with certain personal information 
which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPL (Investor Data). Concerto may also 
obtain Investor Data from other public sources. Investor Data includes, without limitation, the following 
information relating to a Securityholder and/or any individuals connected with a Securityholder as an 
investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, 
signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence 
records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the 
Securityholder's investment activity. 
In Concerto's use of Investor Data, Concerto will be characterised as a "data controller" for the purposes 
of the DPL. Concerto's affiliates and delegates may act as "data processors" for the purposes of the DPL. 
Who this Affects 
If a Securityholder is a natural person, this will affect such Securityholder directly. If a Securityholder is 
a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited 
partnerships) that provides Concerto with Investor Data on individuals connected to such Securityholder 
for any reason in relation to such Securityholder's investment with Concerto, this will be relevant for 
those individuals and such Securityholder should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such 
individuals or otherwise advise them of its content.

--- Page 1110 ---
CAYMAN ISLANDS DATA PROTECTION 
1084
 
How Concerto May Use a Securityholder's Personal Data 
Concerto, as the data controller, may collect, store and use Investor Data for lawful purposes, including, 
in particular: 
(a) 
where this is necessary for the performance of Concerto's rights and obligations under any 
subscription agreements or purchase agreements; 
(b) 
where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which Concerto 
is subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); 
and/or 
(c) 
where this is necessary for the purposes of Concerto's legitimate interests and such interests are 
not overridden by the Securityholder's interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 
Additionally, the Cayman Administrator may use Investor Data, for example to provide its services to 
Concerto or to discharge the legal or regulatory requirements that apply directly to it or in respect of 
which Concerto relies upon the Cayman Administrator, but such use of Investor Data by the Cayman 
Administrator will always be compatible with at least one of the aforementioned purposes for which we 
process Investor Data. 
Should Concerto wish to use Investor Data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any 
purpose that requires a Securityholder's consent), Concerto will contact the applicable Securityholders. 
Why Concerto May Transfer a Securityholder's Personal Data 
In certain circumstances Concerto and/or its authorised affiliates or delegates may be legally obliged to 
share Investor Data and other information with respect to a Securityholder's interest in Concerto with the 
relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information 
Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax 
authorities. 
Concerto anticipates disclosing Investor Data to the Cayman Administrator and others who provide 
services to the Issuer and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside 
the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process a Securityholder's personal data 
on Concerto's behalf. 
The Data Protection Measures Concerto Takes 
Any transfer of Investor Data by Concerto or its duly authorised affiliates and/or delegates outside of the 
Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPL. 
Concerto and its duly authorised affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and 
organisational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorised or unlawful 
processing of Investor Data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, Investor Data. 
Concerto shall notify a Securityholder of any Investor Data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a 
risk to the interests, fundamental rights or freedoms of either such Securityholder or those data subjects 
to whom the relevant Investor Data relates.

--- Page 1111 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1085
 
SECTION H.9 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS 
Ensemble Investment Corporation S.A. is an authorised Luxembourg securitisation undertaking 
(organisme de titrisation réglementé) within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 2004 and is supervised 
by the CSSF. As such, it may issue securities to the public on a continuous basis within the meaning of 
the Securitisation Act 2004. 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated on or 
about this Base Prospectus (as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated, the Dealer 
Agreement) between, inter alia, Ensemble, Concerto, the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in the 
Dealer Agreement), the Securities will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. 
However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Securities directly on its own behalf to other entities and 
to offer Securities in specified jurisdictions directly to the public through distributors, in accordance with 
all applicable rules and regulations. Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. The 
Securities may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agent of the Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Securities to be issued in syndicated Tranches which are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Securities issued by such Issuer, including in relation to liabilities arising under the Securities 
Act. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by the relevant 
Issuer, with the prior written consent of the Arranger or, in relation to itself and the relevant Issuer only, 
by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 30 days' written notice.  
Transfer Restrictions 
United States of America  
The Securities and any Securities Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool 
operator of the relevant Issuer under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA), 
and the rules of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) thereunder (the CFTC Rules). 
Furthermore, neither Issuer has registered and neither Issuer will register as an investment company 
under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
Consequently, Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged, resold, delivered or otherwise transferred 
except in an "offshore transaction" (as such term is defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S)) to persons that are Permitted Purchasers. If a Permitted Purchaser acquiring Securities 
is doing so for the account or benefit of another person, such other person must also be a Permitted 
Purchaser. Any transfer of an interest in Securities in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to 
the relevant Securities is void ab initio. The relevant Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial owner 
that is not a Permitted Purchaser to (a) sell its interest in the relevant Securities to a Permitted Purchaser 
or (b) transfer its interest in such Securities to the relevant Issuer, a Dealer or an affiliate of a Dealer, in 
each case, at a price equal to the least of (i) the purchase price therefor paid by the beneficial owner, (ii) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof and (iii) the fair market value thereof. 
Permitted Purchaser means any person that: 
(a) 
is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S;  
(b) 
does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA or any CFTC 
rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any 
person who is not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified 
eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. person); 
(c) 
is not, and whose purchase and holding of Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan 
assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual retirement account or other

--- Page 1112 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1086
 
arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the Code), or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules 
or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code;  
(d) 
is not a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code; and 
(e) 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, is not a U.S. person (as such term is defined in the 
final credit risk retention regulations issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the U.S. Risk Retention Rules)). 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, U.S. person means: 
(a) 
any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
any partnership or corporation organised or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer 
or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary organised, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
organised or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not 
registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organised or incorporated, and owned, by 
accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) who are not 
natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), modified as indicated above, Non-United States person means: 
(a) 
a natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
a partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organised principally for passive 
investment, organised under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place 
of business in a foreign jurisdiction; 
(c) 
an estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax regardless of 
source; 
(d) 
an entity organised principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment company or 
other similar entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons who do 
not qualify as Non-United States persons represent in the aggregate less than 10 per cent. of the 
beneficial interest in the entity, and that such entity was not formed principally for the purpose 
of facilitating investment by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States persons in a pool 
with respect to which the operator is exempt from certain requirements of part 4 of the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission's regulations by virtue of its participants being Non-
United States persons; and 
(e) 
a pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organised and with its 
principal place of business outside the United States. 
As defined in the CFTC's interpretive guidance and policy statement regarding compliance with certain 
swap regulations, 78 Fed. Reg. 45292, 316 (Jul. 26, 2013), U.S. person includes, but is not limited to:

--- Page 1113 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1087
 
(a) 
any natural person who is a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
any estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death; 
(c) 
any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business or other trust, association, 
joint-stock company, fund or any form of enterprise similar to any of the foregoing (other than 
an entity described in paragraph (d) or (e) below) (a legal entity), in each case that is organised 
or incorporated under the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States or having its 
principal place of business in the United States; 
(d) 
any pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of a legal entity described in paragraph 
(c) above, unless the pension plan is primarily for foreign employees of such entity; 
(e) 
any trust governed by the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States, if a court 
within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the 
trust; 
(f) 
any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle 
that is not described in paragraph (c) above and that is majority-owned by one or more persons 
described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) above except any commodity pool, pooled 
account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle that is publicly offered only to 
non-U.S. persons and not offered to U.S. persons; 
(g) 
any legal entity (other than a limited liability company, limited liability partnership or similar 
entity where all of the owners of the entity have limited liability) that is directly or indirectly 
majority-owned by one or more persons described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) above 
and in which such person(s) bears unlimited responsibility for the obligations and liabilities of 
the legal entity; and 
(h) 
any individual account or joint account (discretionary or not) where the beneficial owner (or 
one of the beneficial owners in the case of a joint account) is a person described in paragraphs 
(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), or (g) above.  
As defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and subject to limited exceptions, U.S. person includes: 
(a) 
any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organisation or entity organised 
or incorporated under the laws of any State or of the United States; 
(c) 
any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person (as defined under any other 
part of this definition); 
(d) 
any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person (as defined under any other part of this definition); 
(e) 
any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer 
or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person (as defined under any other part of 
this definition); 
(g) 
any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary organised, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organisation or entity if: 
(i) 
organised or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
formed by a U.S. person (as defined under any other part of this definition) principally 
for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act. 
Each Registered Security Certificate representing a Series of Securities will bear a legend to the following 
effect:

--- Page 1114 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1088
 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES 
ACT), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL 
REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED (THE CEA), AND THE RULES OF 
THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (CFTC) THEREUNDER (THE CFTC 
RULES). FURTHERMORE, THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND WILL NOT REGISTER 
AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, 
AS AMENDED. 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, RESOLD, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF A 
SECURITY OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 
(1) 
REPRESENTS THAT 
(A) 
IT ACQUIRED THE SECURITY OR SUCH BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN 
"OFFSHORE TRANSACTION" (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S)); 
(B) 
IT IS NOT A "U.S. PERSON" AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER RULE 
902(k)(1) OF REGULATION S; IT DOES NOT COME WITHIN ANY DEFINITION 
OF U.S. PERSON FOR ANY PURPOSE UNDER THE CEA OR ANY CFTC RULE, 
GUIDANCE OR ORDER PROPOSED OR ISSUED BY THE CFTC UNDER THE 
CEA (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A "NON-
UNITED STATES PERSON" AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT EXCLUDING, FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) 
THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE 
NOT "NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS", SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. 
PERSON); IT IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE SECURITIES 
IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT 
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), A PLAN, 
INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT 
TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE CODE), OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN 
OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE; AND IT IS NOT A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE[; IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON (AS SUCH 
TERMS IS DEFINED IN THE FINAL CREDIT RISK RETENTION REGULATIONS 
ISSUED UNDER SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934, AS AMENDED)] (ANY PERSON FALLING WITHIN THIS CLAUSE (B), A 
PERMITTED PURCHASER); AND 
(C) 
IF IT IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITY OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH OTHER 
PERSON IS ALSO A PERMITTED PURCHASER; 
(2) 
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOT, AT ANY TIME 
DURING THE TERM OF THE SECURITY, OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS 
APPLICABLE, EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED PURCHASER ACTING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERMITTED 
PURCHASER IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS DEFINED ABOVE) AND 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A 
TRANSFER OF ANY SECURITY OR INTEREST IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING;

--- Page 1115 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1089
 
(3) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING AT 
ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE SECURITY WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND 
EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY 
RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE 
CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT OR ANY OTHER 
INTERMEDIARY; 
(4) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME THE ACQUIRER IS NO LONGER A 
PERMITTED PURCHASER, THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO (A) COMPEL THE 
ACQUIRER TO SELL THE SECURITY OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS 
APPLICABLE, TO A PERSON WHO IS A PERMITTED PURCHASER OR (B) COMPEL THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNER TO TRANSFER THE SECURITY OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO THE ISSUER, CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
LIMITED OR AN AFFILIATE OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED, IN EACH 
CASE, FOR THE LEAST OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNER, (Y) 100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF 
AND (Z) THE FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF; AND 
(5) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF 
THE SECURITIES TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS 
A PERMITTED PURCHASER. 
Each Dealer has agreed that (i) it will offer and sell Securities only in an "offshore transaction" (as such 
term is defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of Permitted Purchasers, (ii) it will 
not engage in any "directed selling efforts" (as such term is defined under Regulation S) with the respect 
to any Securities and (iii) it will send to each dealer or other person to which it sells Securities, and which 
receives a selling concession, fee or other remuneration in respect of the relevant Securities, a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of such Securities set forth 
in the legend above. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as applicable other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the European Economic Area for specified periods of time), each Dealer has represented 
and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area at any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as applicable). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.

--- Page 1116 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1090
 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Securities 
in the European Economic Area for specified periods of time), then in relation to each Member State of 
the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State (a Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Member State, PROVIDED THAT any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period or periods beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation) in that Member State, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Securities; and  
 
the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as applicable other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the United Kingdom for specified periods of time), each Dealer has represented and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom at any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
applicable). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 1117 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1091
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended, the EUWA);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Securities in the 
United Kingdom for specified periods of time), then, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or 
agree (as applicable), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Securities; and  
 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom: additional restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of

--- Page 1118 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1092
 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to any of 
Ensemble or Concerto; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the Financial 
Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Securities 
in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Australia 
None of the Issuers are registered as a foreign company in Australia. The relevant Issuer has not 
authorised nor taken any action to lodge an Australian law compliant disclosure document with the 
Australian Securities & Investments Commission or the Australian Securities Exchange operated by 
ASX Limited or any regulatory authority in Australia. Accordingly, this document (and any related Issue 
Terms) may not be issued or distributed and the Securities may not be offered, issued, sold or distributed 
in Australia by the relevant Issuer, or any other person, including a subsequent holder of the Securities, 
other than by way of or pursuant to an offer to a person in Australia if that person is a sophisticated 
investor or professional investor for the purposes of section 708(8) (sophisticated investors) and section 
708(11) (professional investors) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) and 
a wholesale client for the purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act or the amount payable by 
the offeree in relation to the Securities is A$500,000 or more (or its equivalent in an alternate currency, 
and in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates). This document (and any 
related Issue Terms) is not provided to any person located in a jurisdiction where its provision or 
dissemination would be unlawful and is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, 
to any other class of persons in Australia. 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) is not a disclosure document and the Securities may not be 
offered, issued, sold or distributed in or into Australia other than by way of or pursuant to an offer or 
invitation that does not need disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act under Part 
7.9 of the Corporations Act. This document (and any related Issue Terms) does not constitute a 
recommendation to acquire, an invitation to apply for, an offer to apply for or buy, an offer to arrange 
the issue or sale of, or an offer for issue or sale of, any securities in Australia except as stated. It is not 
required to, and does not, contain all the information which would be required in a disclosure document 
or a product disclosure statement. It has not been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission. 
None of the relevant Issuers, Dealer or any other person referred to in this document (and any related 
Issue Terms) holds an Australian financial services licence (AFSL), unless otherwise specified. To the 
extent that this document (and/or any related Issue Terms) contains financial product advice, that advice 
is provided by the relevant Issuer. Each Issuer is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian 
financial services licence under the Corporations Act in respect of the financial services it provides. 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) is provided for information purposes only and does not 
constitute the provision of any financial product advice or recommendation. It has been prepared without 
taking into account any investor's investment objectives, financial situation or needs. Before acting on 
the information the investor should consider its appropriateness having regard to their investment 
objectives, financial situation and needs. It is not intended to influence a person in making a decision in 
relation to securities. The relevant Issuer is not licensed to provide financial product advice in Australia. 
You should consider obtaining independent financial advice before making any financial or investment 
decisions. There is no cooling-off regime that applies in relation to the acquisition of any of the securities 
in Australia. This document (and any related Issue Terms) has not been prepared specifically for 
Australian investors and may contain references to dollar amounts which are not Australia dollars; may 
contain financial information which is not prepared in accordance with Australian law or practices; may

--- Page 1119 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1093
 
not address risks associated with investment in foreign currency denominated investments; and does not 
address Australian tax issues. 
Each recipient of this document (and/or any related Issue Terms) represents and warrants that it falls 
within one (or more) of the categories of investors in section 708(8) (sophisticated investors) or section 
708(11) (professional investors) of the Corporations Act and that it is not a "retail client" for the purposes 
of the Corporations Act. 
In addition, each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will comply with the Banking exemption No. 1 of 2018 dated 21 March 2018 
promulgated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority and which requires all offers and 
transfers to be in parcels of not less than A$500,000 in aggregate principal amount. Banking exemption 
No. 1 does not apply to transfers which occur outside Australia. 
Austria: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Austria, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. 
In addition, any offer and sale, in Austria, of the Securities must be made only in compliance with the 
provisions of the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019, Federal Law Gazette No 
62/2019, as amended, the KMG 2019) which may require the filing of a notification pursuant to section 
24 of the KMG 2019 with the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft) 
as soon as possible, but in any event prior to the commencement of the relevant offer. 
In addition, any offer and sale, in Austria, of the Securities must be made in compliance with the 
provisions of the Austrian Securities Supervision Act 2018 (Wertpapieraufsichtsgesetz 2018, Federal 
Law Gazette No 107/2017, as amended), the Austrian Act on Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
(Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz, Federal Law Gazette No 135/2013, as amended) and all 
other applicable legislation and regulations in Austria. 
Kingdom of Bahrain (Bahrain) 
This document together with any other related documents or material and the Securities that shall be 
offered pursuant to this document have not been approved or licensed by the Central Bank of Bahrain 
(CBB), the Bahrain Bourse, the Ministry of Industry and Commerce (MOIC) or any other relevant 
licensing authorities in Bahrain. The CBB, the Bahrain Bourse and the MOIC of Bahrain takes no 
responsibility for the accuracy of the statements and information contained in this document together 
with any other related documents or material or the performance of the Securities, nor shall they have 
any liability to any person, investor or otherwise for any loss or damage resulting from reliance on any 
statements or information contained in this document together with any other related documents or 
material herein. Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not 
offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Securities, and this document together with any other 
related documents or material is only intended for "Accredited Investors" as defined by the CBB and the 
Securities offered by way of private placement may only be offered in minimum subscriptions of 
U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in other currencies). Each Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will not make any invitation to the public in Bahrain to subscribe to the Securities and 
this document together with any related documents or material will not be issued to, passed to, or made 
available to the public generally in Bahrain. The CBB has not reviewed, nor has it approved this 
document or the marketing thereof in Bahrain. The CBB is not and will not be responsible for the 
performance of the Securities. 
"Accredited Investors" are defined as investors meeting the following criteria: 
(a) 
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars) excluding that person's principal place of 
residence; 
(b) 
companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings, which have financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars); or

--- Page 1120 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1094
 
(c) 
Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities, 
and state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as state 
pension funds). 
Individuals and commercial undertakings may elect in writing to be treated as accredited investors 
subject to meeting at least 2 (two) of the following conditions: 
(a) 
the investor has carried out trading/investing transactions, in significant size (i.e. value of 
transactions aggregating U.S.$200,000 (two hundred thousand United States Dollars)) over the 
last twelve (12) month period; 
(b) 
the size of the investor's financial assets portfolio including cash deposits and financial 
instruments is U.S.$500,000 (five hundred thousand United States Dollars) or more; and/or 
(c) 
the investor works or has worked in the financial sector for at least 1 (one) year in a professional 
position, which requires knowledge of the transactions or services envisaged (i.e. the position 
was professional in nature and held in a field that allowed the client to acquire knowledge of 
transactions or services that have comparable features and a comparable level of complexity to 
the transactions or services envisaged). 
Belgium: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Belgium, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) has not been submitted for approval to the Financial 
Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, investment instruments (as defined in the law of 11 July 
2018 on offerings to the public of investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments 
to trading on regulated markets, as amended or replaced from time to time (the Prospectus Law)) that 
do not qualify as securities (as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), including Securities that have 
a maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market instruments, and that therefore fall outside 
the scope of the EU Prospectus Regulation, may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offering to 
the public, as defined in and subject to the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Law. 
Any offeror of Securities will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer for sale, sell or 
market Securities to any person qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1.2 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time, unless such offer, sale or marketing is 
made in compliance with this Code and its implementing regulation. 
Brazil 
The public offering or distribution, as defined under Brazilian laws and regulations, of securities in Brazil 
is subject to prior registration with the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (Comissão de 
Valores Mobiliários – CVM), as provided by Law No. 6,385, of 7 December 1976 and CVM Resolution 
No. 160 of 13 July 2022, both as amended. Brazilian professional investors (as defined in CVM 
Resolution No. 30 of 11 May 2021, as amended), notwithstanding, may acquire securities through 
offshore accounts, as part of initial and subsequent offering of securities issued and listed in offshore 
organised securities markets, with settlement offshore in foreign currency.  
On the basis of the above, the Securities may not be offered or sold to the general public in Brazil, except 
for professional investors or in circumstances that do not constitute a public offering or unauthorised 
distribution of securities in Brazil or an undue solicitation of investors under Brazilian laws and 
regulations. Accordingly, the Securities have not been and will not be registered with the CVM, nor have 
they been submitted to the foregoing agency for approval. Documents relating to the Securities, as well 
as the information contained therein, may not be supplied to the general public in Brazil, as the offering 
of Securities is not a public offering of securities in Brazil, nor used in connection with any offer for 
subscription or sale of securities to the general public in Brazil, with the exception of offerings directed 
to professional investors. A seller of the Securities may be asked by the purchaser to comply with 
procedural requirements to evidence previous title to the Securities and may be subject to Brazilian tax 
on capital gains which may be withheld from the sale price. Persons wishing to offer or acquire the 
Securities within Brazil should consult with their own counsel as to the applicability of these registration 
requirements or any exemption therefrom.

--- Page 1121 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1095
 
British Virgin Islands 
This document and any related offering documents are not an offer to sell, or a solicitation or invitation 
to make offers to purchase or subscribe for, the Securities or any other securities or investment business 
services in the BVI. This document and any related offering document may not be sent or distributed to 
persons in the BVI and the Securities are not available to, and no invitation or offer to subscribe, purchase 
or otherwise acquire the Securities will be made to, persons in the BVI. However, the Securities may be 
offered and sold to business companies incorporated in the BVI and international limited partnerships 
formed in the BVI, provided that any such offering and sale is made outside the BVI or is otherwise 
permitted by BVI legislation.  
Although not currently in force, it is possible that Part II of the Securities and Investment Business Act, 
2010 of the BVI (SIBA) will be brought into force and become law in the BVI in the near future. Upon 
Part II of SIBA coming into force, the Securities may not, and will not, be offered to the public or to any 
person in the BVI for purchase or subscription by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer. The Securities may 
continue to be offered to business companies incorporated in the BVI and international limited 
partnerships formed in the BVI, but only where the offer will be made to, and received by, the relevant 
company or limited partnership outside of the BVI. Once Part II of SIBA comes into force, the Securities 
may also be offered to persons located in the BVI who are "qualified investors" for the purposes of SIBA. 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) has not been reviewed or approved by, or registered with, 
the Financial Services Commission of the BVI and will not be so registered upon Part II of SIBA coming 
into force. 
Bulgaria: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Bulgaria, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above.  
In addition to the exemptions under Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, if the Offering 
Document in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"not applicable", an offer of those Securities may be made to the public in Bulgaria if: 
(a) 
at any time the total consideration of each offer of Securities to the public is less than the 
monetary amount of EUR 8,000,000 calculated over a period of 12 months, where admission is 
requested to trading on a multilateral trading facility as defined in point (22) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (MTF) subject to the publication of a document made in accordance with 
the rules of the respective MTF, or 
(b) 
at any time the total consideration of each offer of Securities to the public is less than the 
monetary amount of EUR 8,000,000 calculated over a period of 12 months, where admission to 
trading on a regulated market or an MTF is not requested, subject to the publication of a 
document for public offering. Local regulator (the Financial Supervision Commission) may 
require amendments to the document, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (a) to (b) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer of offeror to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it shall not offer and sell Securities from a place of business 
within the Cayman Islands (including an offering from an internet or other electronic service provider 
located in the Cayman Islands) or in a manner constituting the establishment of a place of business or 
the commencement of business in the Cayman Islands unless it is appropriately registered and licensed 
or otherwise permitted to undertake such an offer or sale under applicable laws (including, without 
limitation, the Securities Investment Business Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands). 
A Dealer may therefore offer and sell Securities to investors registered and incorporated in the Cayman 
Islands without restriction on such Dealer or the relevant Issuer if such Dealer and the relevant Issuer is, 
according to applicable Cayman Islands law, not located in the Cayman Islands (as a branch, an

--- Page 1122 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1096
 
incorporated entity, a resident or otherwise) and does not have a place of business in and/or has not 
commenced the carrying on of business in the Cayman Islands. 
No Securities may be sold by or on behalf of the Issuer within the Cayman Islands if such sale would 
require the Issuer to be registered as a foreign company under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the 
Cayman Islands. 
None of the Securities shall be sold to or offered by way of subscription to any member of the public in 
the Cayman Islands whether directly or indirectly. 
Chile 
The Issuers and the Securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Chilean Commission 
for the Financial Market (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, CMF) pursuant to Law No. 18.045 
(Ley de Mercado de Valores, Securities Market Act), as amended, of the Republic of Chile and, 
accordingly, no person shall offer or sell the Securities within Chile or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public 
offering and/or in the conduct of intermediation (funciones de intermediación) within the meaning of 
Chilean law. 
The Securities will not be registered under the Chilean Securities Market Law with the CMF and, 
accordingly, the Securities may not and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in 
circumstances which do not and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law, and in compliance 
with CMF Rule 336, as amended.  
The offer of any Securities pursuant to this document (and any related Issue Terms) begins on the date 
of issuance of the relevant offering document. Any such offer of Securities in Chile will be subject to 
General Rule N°. 336 of the CMF. 
Pursuant to CMF Rule 336, the Issuers inform as follows: 
1. 
The offer of the Securities is subject to CMF Rule 336, as amended. 
2. 
The subject matter of this offer are securities not registered with the Securities Registry 
(Registro de Valores), nor with the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) both kept by CMF. As a consequence, the Securities are not subject to the oversight 
of the CMF. 
3. 
Since the Securities are not registered in Chile, the Issuer is not obliged to provide publicly 
available information about the Securities in Chile.  
4. 
The Securities shall not be subject to public offering in Chile unless registered with the relevant 
securities registry kept by the CMF. 
Colombia 
This document, together with any related offering document for the issue of Securities, is for the sole 
and exclusive use of the addressee as a determined individual/entity, and cannot be understood as 
addressed or be used by any third party, including but not limited to third parties for which the addressee 
can legally or contractually represent, nor any of its shareholders, administrators or by any of the 
employees of the addressee. Any material to be delivered in Colombia or to any person located, domiciled 
or established in Colombia, shall be for the sole and exclusive use of the recipient. 
This document, together with any related offering document for the issue of Securities, has not been and 
will not be filed with or approved by the Colombian Financial Superintendency or any other regulatory 
authority in Colombia. 
The issuance of the Securities, its trading and payment shall occur outside Colombia; therefore the 
Securities have not been and will not be registered before the Colombian National Registry of Issuers 
and Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) (RNVE), have not been approved or otherwise 
reviewed by the Colombian Financial Superintendency and have not and will not be listed nor approved 
by the Colombian Stock Exchange or any other trading system registered and approved in Colombia.

--- Page 1123 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1097
 
The delivery of this document and/or any related offering document for the issue of the Securities does 
not constitute and is not intended to constitute a public offer of securities under the laws of Colombia. 
This document, together with any related offering document for the issue of Securities, does not 
constitute and may not be used for, or in connection with, a public offering as defined under Colombian 
law and shall be valid in Colombia only to the extent permitted by Colombian law. Under Colombian 
regulations, any offering addressed to 100 or more named individuals or companies shall be deemed to 
be an offering to the public requiring the prior approval of the Colombian Financial Superintendency and 
listing on the Colombian National Registry of Issuers and Securities. 
The Securities may not be solicited, publicly offered, transferred, sold or delivered, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any individual or legal entity in Colombia. 
The information contained in this document, together with any related offering document for the issue 
of Securities, provided for illustrative purposes only and no representation or warranty is made as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein by any Colombian authority or entity. The 
addressee acknowledges the Colombian laws and regulations (including but not limited to foreign 
exchange and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment made in connection with this 
document or the offering document, together with any related offering document for the issue of 
Securities, and acknowledges and represents that it is the sole responsible party for full compliance with 
any such laws and regulations. Additionally, Colombian investors are solely liable for conducting an 
investment suitability analysis as per their applicable investment regime. 
The addressee also represents that investment in foreign securities is a permitted investment for it under 
their corporate bylaws and/or particular investment regime that may be applicable. 
Costa Rica 
Any offer of Securities under this document will be an individual and private offer.  
This offering is NOT a public offering of securities in Costa Rica. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Costa Rica's General Superintendency 
of Securities or SUGEVAL (Superintendencia General de Valores), and therefore the Securities are not 
authorised for public offering in Costa Rica and may not be offered, placed, distributed, commercialised 
and/or negotiated publicly in Costa Rica. Documents relating to the offering of the Securities, as well as 
information contained therein, may not be offered publicly in Costa Rica, nor be used in connection with 
any public offering for subscription or sale of the Securities in Costa Rica. 
Czech Republic: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Czech Republic, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above, with following exceptions: 
 
"Qualified investors" for the purpose of a Czech offering are (a) persons specified in Article 2a 
paragraph 1 and 2 of Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Capital Markets Undertakings, as amended 
(the Czech Capital Markets Act) and/or (b) persons who are considered as professional 
customers under Article 2b of the Czech Capital Markets Act, to the extent of trading or 
investment instruments relating to the offered Securities. 
 
The monetary amount relevant for the exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus 
under Article 1(4)(c) and 1(4)(d) of the Prospectus Regulation is determined by the applicable 
governmental regulations, as amended and/or replaced from time to time. 
In addition to the above restrictions, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has complied with and will 
comply with all applicable provisions of the Czech Capital Market Act, the Act of the Czech Republic 
No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on 
Management Companies and Investment Funds, as amended in respect of the Securities and the offering 
thereof in the Czech Republic. This document (and any related Issue Terms) has not been and will not 
be approved by the Czech National Bank.

--- Page 1124 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1098
 
Republic of Cyprus: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Cyprus, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities, except in conformity with the 
provisions of the Public Offer and Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005 (as amended) (the 
Prospectus Law) and the provisions of the Cyprus Companies Law, cap.113 (as amended) and 
only if such offer falls within the exemptions provided under s.4(3) of the Prospectus Law; 
(b) 
it has not and will not offer or sell any Securities other than in compliance with the provisions 
of the Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law, Law 87(I)/2017 (the 
ISARM);  
(c) 
it will not be providing from or within Cyprus any "Investment Services", "Investment 
Activities" and "Non-Core Services" (as such terms are defined in the ISARM) in relation to the 
Securities or be otherwise providing Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core 
Services to residents or persons domiciled in Cyprus; 
(d) 
it will not be concluding in Cyprus any transaction relating to such Investment Services, 
Investment Activities and Non-Core Services in contravention of the ISARM and/or applicable 
regulations adopted pursuant thereto or in relation thereto; and 
(e) 
it will not sell any Securities in breach of financial and economic sanctions imposed by the 
European Union pursuant to Regulation 833/2014 and 269/2014 as amended from time to time, 
and in particular, it will not sell any Securities denominated in an official currency of an EU 
Member State issued after 12 April 2022, to any Russian national or natural person residing in 
Russia or any legal person, entity or body established in Russia, with the exception of Russian 
nationals or natural persons residing in Russia having a temporary or permanent residence 
permit in a country member of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland. 
Denmark: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Denmark, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. 
In addition to the restrictions described, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as 
applicable) that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Securities (i) directly or 
indirectly in Denmark by way of public offering or as a private placement, unless in compliance with the 
Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidation Act No. 198 of 26 February 2024, as amended from time to 
time) and the EU Prospectus Regulation; and (ii) to any retail investors (as defined in MiFID II) in 
Denmark, unless such offering is permitted pursuant to the applicable offering document and any 
applicable provisions of the EU PRIIPs Regulation are complied with. 
For the purposes of this provision, an offer of Securities to the public in Denmark means the 
communication in any form and by any means and through any distribution channel of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the relevant Securities to be offered to enable an investor in 
Denmark to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Securities. 
Dominican Republic 
NOTICE TO DOMINICAN REPUBLIC RESIDENTS – The offer of the Securities is not made in the 
Dominican Republic nor specifically directed to Dominican residents. The Securities have not been, and 
will not be, registered as a public offering in the Dominican Republic under the Securities Market Law 
of the Dominican Republic (Ley del Mercado de Valores de la República Dominicana, No. 249-17 del 
19 de diciembre de 2017), as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time, and including 
any supplemental regulations promulgated thereunder, (the Dominican Securities Law), either before 
the Superintendence of Securities Market of the Dominican Republic (Superintendencia del Mercado de

--- Page 1125 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1099
 
Valores de la República Dominicana) or any other governmental or private institution. The Securities 
are not registered in the Securities Market Registry of the Dominican Republic (Registro del Mercado 
de Valores de la República Dominicana). The Securities may only be offered or sold in the Dominican 
Republic pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Dominican Securities Law, 
and consequently the Securities have not been (and may not be) offered in any public manner in the 
Dominican Republic. The offering or sale of securities in the Dominican Republic, through any means 
of communication or broadcast, requires approval by the Superintendence of Securities Market of the 
Dominican Republic and/or the Monetary Board, as well as compliance with certain other legal 
requirements pursuant to the provisions of the Dominican Securities Law and its supplemental 
regulations—in particular, the provisions of the Regulation on Public Offers adopted through Resolution 
of the National Council of the Securities Market on October 15, 2019 (R-CNMV-2019-24-MV) and 
published on October 28, 2019. Accordingly, each purchaser of the Securities acknowledges and 
understands that as the Securities will not be subject to registration before or the supervision of the 
Superintendence of Securities Market of the Dominican Republic (Superintendencia del Mercado de 
Valores de la República Dominicana) or any other authority in the Dominican Republic. Each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed will be 
required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it will not offer or sell the Securities in 
the Dominican Republic, except pursuant to the private placement regulations or exemptions set forth 
under Dominican applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, note that the Superintendence of 
Securities Market of the Dominican Republic has broad discretionary powers to determine whether 
certain offers, announcements or selling efforts qualify as public offers of securities in the Dominican 
Republic. Therefore, non-authorized offers or sales of securities in the Dominican Republic could be 
determined to be a violation of the Dominican Securities Law. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
This document relates to an Exempt Offer of Securities in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) 
2024 of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) (DFSA Market Rules), as amended, issued 
for the purposes of DIFC Law No.1 of 2012. This document is intended for distribution only to persons 
who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.1 of the DFSA Market Rules: 
(i) 
Professional Clients other than natural Persons; 
(ii) 
a specific group of investors who are not natural persons and who number less than 50; or 
(iii) 
investors who are paying, as total consideration, at least USD 100,000 or an equivalent amount 
in another currency to acquire the Securities. 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Exempt 
Offers under this document (and any related Issue Terms). Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved this 
document or any other associated document nor taken steps to verify the information set out in them, and 
has no responsibility for them. 
The Securities to which this document (and any related Issue Terms) relates may be illiquid and/or 
subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers and/or distributors of the Securities offered 
and the interests therein should conduct their own due diligence on the Securities. 
If you do not understand the contents of this document (and/or any related Issue Terms) you should 
consult an authorised financial adviser. 
In relation to its use in the Dubai International Financial Centre, this document (and any related Issue 
Terms) is strictly private and confidential and is being distributed to a limited number of investors and 
must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be reproduced or used 
for any other purpose. The interests in the Securities may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to 
the public in the Dubai International Financial Centre. 
Ecuador 
The Securities and this document (and any related offering document) have not been, and will not be, 
registered with or approved by the Superintendence of Companies, Securities and Insurance (SCVS) of

--- Page 1126 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1100
 
Ecuador in accordance with the Securities Market Act (Book II of the Organic Monetary and Financial 
Code) (as amended to date, the Ecuadorian Securities Law). 
The issuance of the Securities, its trading and payment thereunder shall occur outside Ecuador. The 
Securities have not been and will not be registered in the Public Registry of the Stock Market 
(CatastroPúblico del Mercado de Valores) nor the Quito or Guayaquil Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores 
de Quito or Guayaquil) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree 
(as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities in Ecuador.  
The Securities may not be publicly offered, promoted or sold in Ecuador. 
El Salvador 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Stock Exchange of El Salvador (Bolsa 
de Valores de El Salvador) nor the Public Registry of El Salvador's Financial System Superintendence 
(Registro Público de la Superintendencia del Sistema Financiero de El Salvador) and each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or 
sell Securities in the Republic of El Salvador except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering, sale or distribution under Salvadoran laws and regulations. 
Finland: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Finland, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. This document or any other marketing, advertisement, offering or selling material relating to the 
Securities has not been approved by and has not been submitted for review or approval to the Finnish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (the FIN-FSA). The Securities may only be marketed, advertised, 
offered, distributed, delivered, made available or sold in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and all applicable provisions of the laws of Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish 
Securities Market Act (arvopaperimarkkinalaki (746/2012), as amended) and any regulation or rule 
made thereunder, including the regulations and guidelines issued by the FIN-FSA, as supplemented, 
restated, superseded and amended from time to time. Each of the Dealers and the relevant Issuer have 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, distributed or forwarded nor caused to be 
distributed or forwarded, and will not distribute or forward nor cause to be distributed or forwarded in or 
into Finland, or to any natural person resident in Finland or to any legal person domiciled in Finland, this 
document or any other marketing, advertisement, selling or offering material relating to the Securities 
other than to investors to whom offers and sales of or solicitations of offers to buy Securities may lawfully 
be made, provided that the offering of the Securities does not constitute an offer of securities to the public 
in Finland, as defined in the Finnish Securities Market Act. 
France 
For selling restrictions in respect of France, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above.  
This document (and any related Issue Terms) has not been approved by the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (AMF) 
Each of the Dealers and the relevant Issuers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
Offer to the public non-exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France: it has 
only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public non-exempted from the 
obligation to publish a prospectus (offre au public non dispensée de la publication d'un 
prospectus) in France or an admission of Securities to trading on a regulated market in France 
in the period (i) beginning (A) on the date of its publication, when a prospectus in relation to 
those Securities has been approved by the AMF, or (B) on the date of notification of such 
approval to the AMF in accordance with Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, when a 
prospectus in relation to those Securities has been approved by the competent authority of 
another member state of the European Economic Area, and (ii) ending at the latest on the date

--- Page 1127 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1101
 
which is 12 months after the date of approval of the prospectus by the competent authority, in 
accordance with Article 3 and Article 12 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, Articles L. 412-1 
and L. 621-8 of the French financial and monetary code (Code monétaire et financier), the 
provisions of the AMF's General Regulation (Réglement general) (RG AMF) and in accordance 
with any other applicable French laws and regulations in force; or 
(ii) 
Offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (private placement) in 
France: it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities in France only in 
circumstances that constitute an offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Articles L.411-2 and L.411-2-1 of the French financial and monetary 
code (Code monétaire et financier) and more particularly to (a) a restricted circle of investors 
(cercle restreint d'investisseurs), other than qualified investors, provided that such investors are 
acting for their own account; in accordance with Articles L. 411-2 1° and D411-4 of the French 
financial and monetary code (Code monétaire et financier) and/or (b) qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in and in accordance with Articles L. 411-2 1° of the French 
financial and monetary code (Code monétaire et financier) and Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and/or (c) investors who acquire Securities for a total consideration of at least EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) per investor, for each separate offer in 
accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 2° of the French financial and monetary code (Code 
monétaire et financier) and Article 211-2 II of the RG AMF and/or (d) Securities with a nominal 
amount of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in accordance with 
Article L. 411-2-1 3° of the French financial and monetary code (Code monétaire et financier) 
and Article 211-2 III of the RG AMF. 
The direct or indirect resale of Securities which have been acquired with respect to an offer to the public 
shall be subject to the same restrictions and shall only be made in accordance with Articles L. 412-1, L. 
621-8, L.411-2 and 411-2-1 of the French financial and monetary code (Code monétaire et financier). 
In addition, each of the Dealers and the relevant Issuers have represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not distributed 
or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed in France, this document, the 
relevant offering documents or any other offering material relating to the Securities other than to 
investors to whom offers and sales of Securities in France may be made as described above. 
Guatemala 
Neither this document (and any related Issue Terms) nor any Securities have been registered with 
Guatemala's National Registry for the Supervision of the Commercialisation of Securities (Registro del 
Mercado de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala) and, therefore, no Securities may be 
publicly offered in Guatemala or through Guatemalan broker/dealers. 
The Securities are being placed privately or publicly in several markets outside of Guatemala, and 
Guatemalan residents interested in acquiring the Securities must accept (preferably) in writing that they 
are the ones making the approach to purchase such Securities, and must do it through the services of 
broker dealers active in those markets, and enter into transactions under laws other than Guatemalan law. 
Neither the Regulations for Initial Public Offerings and Sale of Securities contained in the Law of the 
Securities and Commodities Market (Ley del Mercado de Valores y Mercancias) nor any other 
Guatemalan Law or Regulation, nor the obligations regarding the information or risk rating applicable 
to securities registered with the Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala apply 
to the Securities or any offering thereof. 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell 
Securities publicly in the Republic of Guatemala. The Guatemalan Registro de Valores y Mercancias de 
la Republica de Guatemala has not reviewed or approved this document (or any related Issue Terms). 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) may not be publicly distributed in Guatemala, nor shall 
any advertising of this document (or any related Issue Terms) take place in the territory of the Republic 
of Guatemala. 
Guatemalan residents may be subject to Guatemalan tax laws.

--- Page 1128 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1102
 
Honduras 
Neither the Issuers nor any Securities issued under the Programme have been, nor will they be, registered 
with the Honduran Securities Market Public Registry (Registro Público de Mercado de Valores) and 
therefore, no Securities may be publicly offered in Honduras and each Dealer has represented and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will comply with all applicable law and will not offer or 
sell Securities publicly in Honduras. The Honduran National Banking and Insurance Commission has 
not reviewed or approved this document (or any related Issue Terms). This document (and any related 
Issue Terms) may not be publicly distributed in Honduras, nor shall any advertising of this document (or 
any related Issue Terms) take place in the territory of the Republic of Honduras, nor through electronic 
means that are aimed specifically to people in the Honduran territory. 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO)) other than (i) where Securities are 
shares or debentures offered by a corporation incorporated outside Hong Kong only, to persons 
whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); 
or (ii) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or 
(iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined 
in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Ireland: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Ireland, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. 
Additionally, each offeror of Securities will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not 
offered, sold, placed or underwritten and that it will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Securities, or 
do anything in Ireland in respect of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations, 2017 (as amended, the 
MiFID II Regulations), including Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain 
provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any rules or codes of conduct made under 
the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as 
amended); 
(b) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the Companies Act), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 
2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank 
Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as amended) 
and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland under Section 1363 of the 
Companies Act;

--- Page 1129 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1103
 
(d) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance based investment 
products (PRIIPs); and 
(e) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as amended), the European Union (Market 
Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank 
of Ireland under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
Israel 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) does not constitutes a prospectus under the Israeli Securities 
Law 5728-1968 (the Israeli Securities Law) and has not been filed with, or approved by, the Israeli 
Securities Authority. In Israel, this document may be distributed only to, and may be directed only at, 
Israeli investors who have confirmed in writing that they (a) qualify as one of the types of investors listed 
in the First Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law (Israeli Qualified Investors), and are aware of the 
implications of being classified as an investor of this type and agree thereto, and (b) are acquiring the 
Securities for their own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution 
thereof, except, to the extent permitted under the First Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law, for 
distribution or resale to Israeli Qualified Investors. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that, it will not 
offer or sell Securities in the State of Israel other than to Israeli Qualified Investors.  
Italy: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Italy, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above.  
In addition to the above restrictions, unless and until the offering of Securities has been registered 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation, no Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies 
of this document or of any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation 1129/2017 (the EU Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable 
provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial 
Services Act), and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter, 
first paragraph, of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971). 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of this document, or any other 
document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy which came into force on 1 October 2016, as amended 
from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy requests periodic information on 
the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy to be provided by uploading 
such information on the Infostat platform of the Bank of Italy; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies under (a) and (b) above, the Securities which are initially

--- Page 1130 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1104
 
offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are regularly 
("sistematicamente") resold distributed on the secondary market in Italy to non-qualified investors 
without complying with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws and regulations, the purchasers of the Securities 
who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession are entitled to declare such purchase 
void and to claim damages from any authorised intermediary from which the Securities were purchased. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for reoffering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that this document is not for general 
circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Securities have not been licensed for offering in Kuwait by the 
Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other applicable Kuwaiti government agency. The offering of 
the Securities in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted in 
accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended) together with the various 
resolutions, regulations, directives and instructions and announcements issued pursuant thereto, or in 
connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature or type) and any other applicable law or regulation in 
the State of Kuwait. No private or public offering of the Securities is being made in Kuwait, and no 
agreement relating to the sale of the Securities will be concluded in Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation 
or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the Securities in Kuwait. 
Mexico 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Registry of Securities 
(Registro Nacional de Valores), maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities 
Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (the CNBV)), and may not be offered or sold 
publicly in Mexico. The Securities may be sold in Mexico, by any person, including the relevant Issuer, 
to investors that qualify as institutional or accredited investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private 
placement exemption set forth in Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) and regulations thereunder. This document (including any related offering document) is not 
required to be reviewed, and has not been submitted for review or reviewed by the CNBV. 
Norway: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Norway, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. 
In addition to the above restrictions, in no circumstances may an offer of Securities denominated in 
Norwegian kroner be made in the Norwegian market without the Securities being initially recorded with 
the VPS in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository which is properly authorised 
or recognised as being entitled to register the Securities pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, to the 
extent such Securities must be registered according to the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act 
of 15 March 2019 (Nw. Verdipapirsentralloven, 2019) and ancillary regulations. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that (i) if relevant, the 
Securities will only be offered and sold in Norway in accordance with the provisions on marketing of 
structured products set out in section 16-2 of the Financial Institutions Regulation of 9 December 2016

--- Page 1131 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1105
 
no. 1502, as amended and (ii) the Securities will only be sold in Norway to investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Securities.  
Oman 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
this document is not intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be deemed 
to constitute, any offer or sale of securities or investment products in the Sultanate of Oman or 
the inward marketing or promotion of securities or an attempt to do business, as a bank, an 
investment company or otherwise in the Sultanate of Oman other than in compliance with any 
laws applicable in the Sultanate of Oman governing the issue, offering, promotion and sale of 
securities or investment products under the laws of the Sultanate of Oman; 
(b) 
this document has not been filed with, reviewed, approved or registered as a prospectus with the 
Financial Services Authority of Oman (FSA) or the Central Bank of Oman pursuant to the 
Securities Law (RD 46/2022) or any other authority in Oman, and will not be offered or sold as 
an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman 
(RD 18/2019);  
(c) 
no marketing of any financial products or services has been or will be made from within Oman 
and no subscription to any securities, products or financial services may or will be consummated 
within Oman. The offering of interests in the securities has not been approved or licensed by 
the FSA or any other relevant licensing authorities in Oman, and accordingly does not constitute 
a public offer of securities in Oman in accordance with the Commercial Companies Law of 
Oman (Royal Decree 18/2019) or the Securities Law of Oman (Royal Decree 46/2022) as may 
be amended or the solicitation of any offer to buy in Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of 
the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law (Decision No. 1/2009, as amended); and 
(d) 
the Securities issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no 
invitation to subscribe for or to purchase the Securities has been or will be made, directly or 
indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed, in 
Oman to any person in Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Financial Services 
Authority of Oman to market non Omani securities in Oman and then only in accordance with 
all applicable laws and regulations, including Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the 
Capital Markets Law (Decision No. 1/2009, as amended). 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) is strictly private and confidential. This document (and any 
related Issue Terms) is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically intended recipient of such 
document: 
(a) 
upon that person's request and confirmation that they understand that interests in the Programme 
have not been approved or licensed by or registered with the FSA or any other relevant licensing 
authorities or governmental agencies in Oman; and 
(b) 
must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be reproduced 
or used for any other purpose. 
The information contained herein (and any related Issue Terms) is confidential and must not be 
reproduced in whole or in part (whether in electronic or hard copy form). Any distribution of this 
information by the recipient to third parties in Oman beyond the terms set out above is not authorised 
and shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
Panama 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under Law-Decree No. 1 of July 8, 1999, as 
amended, restated and consolidated in a Unified Text (the Panamanian Securities Act) with the 
Superintendence of Capital Markets of the Republic of Panama (the SCM). Accordingly, (i) the 
Securities cannot be offered or sold in Panama, except in transactions exempted from registration under 
the Panamanian Securities Act, (ii) the SCM has not reviewed the information contained in this 
document, (iii) documents relating to the offering of the Securities, as well as the information contained

--- Page 1132 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1106
 
therein, may not be distributed publicly in Panama nor used in connection with any public offering for 
subscription or sale of the Securities in Panama, (iv) the Securities and the offering thereof are not subject 
to the supervision of the SCM, and (v) the Securities do not benefit from the tax incentives provided by 
the Panamanian Securities Act. 
Paraguay 
The Securities and the information contained in this document (and any related Issue Terms) have not 
been and will not be registered with or approved by the Paraguayan Securities Exchange Superintendence 
(or Superintendencia de Valores, hereafter SIV). Accordingly, the Securities may not be and will not be 
publicly offered in or into Paraguay. The Issuer is not registered with the SIV either. 
Law No. 5810/2017 on Securities Market and Regulation No. 35/2023 of the SIV (as amended by 
Regulation No. 41/2023) establish that any offer to carry out any legal action with regard to securities 
made to a general audience or to a particular group, personally or via any means of communication, will 
be deemed to be a public offering of securities. Therefore, any action that would constitute a public 
offering of the Securities or distribution of any offering materials in relation to the Securities (even if it 
is done on a private one-on-one basis) is prohibited without previous registration with the SIV. Relevant 
regulation does not distinguish between activities made on-shore or off-shore. Consequently, the 
restrictions will apply, and licensing requirements will be triggered whether a public offering is made in 
or into Paraguay. 
The Securities you are purchasing are not registered before the Superintendency of Securities of the 
Republic of Paraguay, and are not regulated by Paraguayan authorities, and as such, they do not benefit 
from the tax regimes currently in force, nor are they guaranteed by any Paraguayan public or private 
entity. You acknowledge that the securities and financial products offered herein were issued outside of 
Paraguay and that you may not exercise rights provided for in the Paraguayan regulations. You further 
acknowledge that any legal matter arising from this offer shall not be submitted to any Paraguayan 
government authority, and that the Securities are not covered or guaranteed by the Paraguayan Deposit 
Insurance Legislation. The Paraguayan Central Bank, the Superintendency of Securities, and the 
Asunción Stock Exchange do not regulate the offering of these products or their undertaking. You should 
make your own decision whether this offering meets your investment objectives and risk tolerance level. 
Los valores que usted está comprando no se encuentran registrados antes la Superintendencia de 
Valores de la República del Paraguay ni están regulados por las autoridades paraguayas, por lo que no 
se benefician de los regímenes tributarios actualmente vigentes, ni están garantizados por ninguna 
autoridad pública o privada del Paraguay. Usted reconoce que los valores y los productos financieros 
ofrecidos por este medio fueron emitidos fuera del Paraguay y que no podrá ejercer los derechos 
previstos en la normativa paraguaya. Ud. acepta que cualquier disputa o conflicto legal que surja en 
virtud de esta oferta no será sometida a autoridad pública paraguaya alguna. Asimismo, Ud. reconoce 
que los valores, los productos ofrecidos por este medio, ni los activos y fondos transferidos están 
cubiertos por la Ley de Garantía de Depósitos. El Banco Central del Paraguay, la Superintendencia de 
Valores del Paraguay, y la Bolsa de Valores de Asunción no regulan ni son responsables de la oferta de 
estos productos o su aceptación. Ud. Debe evaluar si la presente oferta cumple con sus objetivos de 
inversión y niveles de tolerancia de riesgos. 
Peru 
The Securities and the information contained in this document (and any related offering document) have 
not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores 
(SMV) or the Lima Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the Securities cannot be offered or sold in Peru, except 
if (i) the Securities are previously registered with the SMV or (ii) such offering qualifies as a private 
offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian securities laws establish, among 
other things, that an offer directed exclusively to institutional investors (as defined under Peruvian law) 
qualifies as a private offering. The Securities acquired by institutional investors in Peru cannot be 
transferred to a third party unless such transfer is made to another institutional investor or the Securities 
have been previously registered with the SMV. In making an investment decision, institutional investors 
(as defined under Peruvian law) must rely on their own examination of the terms of the offering of the 
Securities to determine their ability to invest in the Securities. No offer or invitation to subscribe for or 
sell the Securities or beneficial interests therein can be made in Peru except in compliance with the 
securities laws thereof. This document and any other offering materials relating to the offer of the

--- Page 1133 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1107
 
Securities are being supplied to those Peruvian investors who have expressly requested them. Such 
materials may not be distributed to any person or entity other than the intended recipients. 
Poland: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Poland, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above.  
Additionally, the following applies: 
(a) 
With respect to the offer, delivery, advertisement or sale of Securities no approval has been 
sought or obtained from the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego) and the offer, delivery, advertisement or sale of Securities was not notified to the 
Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego). 
(b) 
Any offer, delivery, advertisement or sale of the Securities or distribution of copies of this 
document, any offering document or any other document relating to the Securities to the public 
in Poland must be made in accordance with: 
(i) 
the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
the Polish Act on Public Offers and Conditions of Introducing Financial Instruments to 
Organised Trading and on Public Companies of 29 July 2005 (as amended) (Act on 
Public Offers);  
(iii) 
the Polish Act on Trading in Financial Instruments of 29 July 2005 (as amended); and 
(iv) 
any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by the Polish Financial 
Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego) or other Polish authority. 
In particular, according to Article 3 Section 1a of the Act on Public Offers, an offer of securities to the 
public referred to in Article 1 Section 4(b) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the case of which the 
number of persons to whom it is directed together with the number of persons to whom public offers 
referred to in Article 1 Section 4(b) of EU Prospectus Regulation were directed, of the same type of 
securities, carried out over the past 12 months, exceeds 149, requires that an information memorandum 
referred to in Article 38b of the Polish Act on Public Offers shall be submitted to the Polish Financial 
Supervision Authority's (Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego) and published.  
The provision under Article 3 Section 1a of the Act on Public Offers is not applicable if the offer is 
directed solely to the holders of the same type of securities of the same issuer or to entities which were 
offered the issuer's securities by way of exchanging receivables from the redemption of the previously 
issued securities of the issuer. 
Moreover, according to the Act on Public Offers, advertisements of an offer of securities to the public 
referred to in Article 1 Section 4(b) of the EU Prospectus Regulation may only be disseminated to less 
than 150 persons in the territory of one member state and cannot be made available to an unknown 
recipient. 
If, pursuant to the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation, it is not required to make the prospectus 
available, the advertisements should be consistent with the information included in the information 
memorandum or any other document required under the Act on Public Offers or the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, made available to the public, or with information which should be included in the 
memorandum or in the document pursuant to the provisions of the Act on Public Offers, the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and delegated and implementing acts issued on the basis thereof, if the 
information memorandum or such document have not yet been made available to the public, and they 
cannot mislead investors in respect of the issuer's situation and the assessment of the securities.

--- Page 1134 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1108
 
Portugal: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Portugal, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above.  
In addition to the above restrictions, the Securities may only be distributed or placed or advertised in 
Portugal if all applicable legal and regulatory requirements are met, including (if and as required) (i) the 
prior notification of a Key Information Document (KID) approved by the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission (the CMVM), under the terms of Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 (PRIIPs Regulation), and any ancillary EU or 
Portuguese legislation or regulation, (ii) the subsequent publication of the KID on CMVM's website 
thereunder, and (iii) the approval by CMVM of the marketing materials (if any), under the applicable 
legal and regulatory framework. 
Additionally, the Securities may only be offered in Portugal in compliance with the provisions of the 
Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários, approved by the Decree-Law 486/99, of 
November 13, as amended) and other laws and regulations applicable to the offer and sale of the 
Securities in Portugal. This document has not been verified by the CMVM and the Securities are not 
registered therewith for public offer in Portugal. The recipients of this document and other offering 
materials in respect of the Securities are professional investors, targeted exclusively on the basis of a 
private placement, all as defined in and in accordance with articles 30 and 109 of the Portuguese 
Securities Code. Accordingly, the Securities must not be, and are not being, offered or advertised, and 
no offering or marketing materials relating to the Securities may be made available or distributed in any 
way that would constitute a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code (whether at present or in 
the future). 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, delivered or 
sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell at any time, directly or indirectly, any Securities in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: 
(a) 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), and without undertaking any of the following activities:  
(i) 
advertising, roadshows or presentations within Qatar to which a number of investors are 
invited (i.e. all such meetings should be on a one-to-one basis); 
(ii) 
accepting money (by check or cash) in Qatar to indicate the intention to invest in products 
or obtain services in Qatar; or 
(iii) 
Dealer signing or countersigning documents in Qatar; and  
(b) 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide promotion and 
marketing activities and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign 
securities in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
This document (and any related Issue Terms) (a) has not been, and will not be, filed, reviewed, registered 
with or approved by the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock 
Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); (b) is intended for the specific recipient only and 
must not be provided to any other person; and (c) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Romania: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above, this document has not been subject to the approval of the Romanian Financial 
Supervisory Authority (ASF) or any other competent Romanian authority. Accordingly, the Issuer and 
each Dealer have represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that they have

--- Page 1135 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1109
 
not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any Securities in Romania in a solicitation 
to the public, and that sales of the Securities in Romania shall be effected in accordance with all 
Romanian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations. 
For the cases when a valid passporting procedure to Romania in relation to this document has not been 
successfully enacted, the Issuer and each of the Dealers have represented and agreed that they will not 
offer, sell or deliver any Securities or distribute copies of this document or any other document relating 
to the Securities in Romania except for the cases when this document and any other documents relating 
to the Securities will be offered to the public in Romania only in compliance with the following 
cumulative conditions: 
(a) 
it is addressed only to investors who are qualified investors within the meaning of article 2 
letter e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in Romania, including the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the provisions of Law No. 24/2017 as regards Issuers of Financial Instruments and 
Market Operations, the provisions of Regulation No. 5/2018 on Issuers of Financial Instruments 
and Market Operations issued by ASF, and any norms and decisions issued or approved by ASF 
or any other competent Romanian authority, as well as with all applicable EU legislation. 
Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not 
offered or sold or transferred or otherwise disposed of and will not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any Securities (as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter) to or for the benefit 
of any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence 
in the Russian Federation or to any person located within the territory of the Russian Federation unless 
and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law.  
Since neither the issuance of the Securities nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Securities has 
been registered, or is intended to be registered, with the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the 
Securities are not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in the Russian Federation and may not 
be sold or offered in the Russian Federation in any way other than to Russian "qualified investors" (as 
defined under Russian law) in a manner that does not constitute "advertisement", "placement" or "public 
circulation" (as defined under Russian law) of the Securities in the Russian Federation. 
Information set forth in this document (and any related Issue Terms) is not an offer, advertisement or 
invitation to make offers, to sell, exchange or otherwise transfer the Securities in the Russian Federation 
or to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering 
of the Securities. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi 
Investor) who acquires any Securities pursuant to any offering should note that the offer of Securities is 
a private placement under Article 8 or Article 9 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing 
Obligations" as issued by the Board of the CMA) pursuant to its resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 
9/4/1439H corresponding to 27/12/2017G amended by Resolution of the Board of the CMA number 3-
6-2024 dated 05/07/1445H corresponding to 17/01/2024G (the KSA Regulations) being conducted, for 
the purposes of Article 10 of the KSA Regulations, through a Capital Market Institution licensed by the 
CMA to carry on the securities activity of arranging and following a notification to the CMA under 
Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. 
The Securities may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to "institutional clients" and "qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations 
or by way of a limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that any offer of Securities made 
by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 
9 of will comply with the KSA Regulations.

--- Page 1136 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1110
 
Each offer of Securities shall not therefore constitute a "public offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, 
but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under Article 14 of the KSA Regulations. 
Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Securities pursuant to a private placement under Article 8 or Article 
9 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Securities to any person unless the offer or sale is 
made through a Capital Market Institution appropriately licensed by the CMA and where one of the 
following requirements is met: 
(a) 
price to be paid for the securities in any one transaction does not exceed two hundred thousand 
SAR; or 
(b) 
the securities are offered or sold to an "institutional client" and "qualified client". 
All the above restrictions shall cease to apply upon approval of listing on the Saudi Stock Exchange of 
securities of the same class as the Securities that are subject to such restrictions. 
If the requirement in paragraph (a) above cannot be fulfilled because the price of the Securities being 
offered or sold to the transferee has increased since the date of the original private placement, the 
transferor may offer or sell the Securities to the transferee if their purchase price during the period of the 
original private placement did not exceed two hundred thousand SAR or an equivalent amount. If this 
requirement cannot be fulfilled, a Saudi investor may offer or sell the Securities if he sells his entire 
holding of such Securities to one person. 
All the above provisions shall apply to all subsequent transferees of such Securities. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, this Base Prospectus (and any related Issue Terms) has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Warrants or caused the Warrants to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Warrants or 
cause the Warrants to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Warrants, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of 
the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Slovakia: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Slovak Republic, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above, provided that: 
"Qualified investors" (in Slovak "profesionálny klient") for the purpose of a Slovak Republic offering 
are persons specified in Article 8a paragraph 2 of Act No. 566/2001 Coll., on securities and investment 
services, as amended (the Slovak Securities Act).  
The monetary amount relevant for the exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus under 
Article 1(4)(c) and 1(4)(d) of the Prospectus Regulation is determined by the applicable governmental 
regulations, as amended and/or replaced from time to time. 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Securities in Slovakia through a public 
offering, except if in strict compliance with all applicable provisions of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Slovak Securities Act and other laws applicable in Slovakia as well as any

--- Page 1137 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1111
 
guidelines issued by the National Bank of Slovakia, as they may be further amended or 
superseded from time to time; and 
(ii) 
it has complied with and will comply with all the laws applicable in Slovakia as well as any 
guidelines issued by the National Bank of Slovakia applicable to the conduct of business in 
Slovakia (including the laws applicable to the provision of investment services and investment 
activities within the meaning of the Slovak Securities Act) in respect of the Securities. 
Spain: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Spain, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. 
This document has not been and it is not envisaged to be approved by, registered or filed with, or notified 
to the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). It is not 
intended for the public offering or sale of Securities in Spain and does not constitute a prospectus 
(registration document or securities note) for the public offering of Securities in Spain. 
Accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold, delivered, marketed nor may copies of this document 
or any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in Spain, and investors in the Securities 
may not sell or offer such Securities in Spain other than in compliance with the requirements set out by 
the EU Prospectus Regulation, articles 35 of the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the 
Securities Markets (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto 
refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as amended and restated, (Royal Legislative Decree 
4/2015) and 38 of Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November, partially developing law 24/1988, of 28 July 
on admission to trading of securities in official secondary markets, public offerings and prospectus (Real 
Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de 
julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admisión a negociación de valores en mercados 
secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales efectos), as 
amended and restated (the Royal Decree 1310/2005) so that any sale or offering of the Securities in 
Spain is not classified as a public offering of securities in Spain. 
Thereby, the Securities may not be listed, offered, sold or distributed in Spain, except in accordance with 
the requirements set out in the EU Prospectus Regulation, Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, and Royal 
Decree 1310/2005 or any other related regulations that may be in force from time to time, as further 
amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sweden: additional restrictions 
For selling restrictions in respect of Sweden, please see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above. The offering document has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) for purposes of public offering or sale of 
securities in Sweden. 
Accordingly, Securities issued under this document may not be offered or sold to the public in Sweden 
directly or indirectly, and neither this document nor any other material may be reproduced, distributed, 
or otherwise made available in or from, or published in Sweden, except in circumstances which will not 
result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and the Swedish act with supplementary provisions to the EU Prospectus Regulation (Sw. lagen 
(2019:414) med kompletterande bestämmelser till EU:s prospektförordning), including but not limited 
to that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in Sweden provided that: 
 
the offer is addressed solely to "qualified investors" (as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation); 
 
the offer is addressed to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per EEA member state, which 
do not qualify as qualified investors; 
 
the minimum investment amount is at least the equivalent of EUR 100,000 per investor; 
 
each such Security has a minimum denomination of the equivalent of EUR 100,000; or

--- Page 1138 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1112
 
 
the total consideration of the offer of securities to the public within the EEA will not exceed 
EUR 2,500,000 over a period of 12 months. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme and each other offeror will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that: 
(a) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland, other 
than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA) or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, if the applicable 
offering document in respect of any Securities published according to Article 64 FinSA specify 
"Swiss Non-exempt Offer" as applicable, in the "Swiss Offer Period" specified in the applicable 
offering document, and if consent has been granted to use this document (as completed by the 
applicable offering document) for a public offer in Switzerland in accordance with Article 36(4) 
FinSA; or 
(b) 
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Securities to the public in Switzerland, 
and have not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in Switzerland, this document, the applicable offering document or any 
other offering material relating to the Securities, which shall not constitute a prospectus pursuant 
to FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer 
or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and 
as further detailed in the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (FinSO). 
If Securities qualifying as debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is 
understood under FinSA) are offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in 
Switzerland a key information document under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für 
Finanzinstrumente) or Article 59(2) FinSA in respect of such Securities must be prepared and published. 
According to Article 58(2) FinSA, no key information document is required for Securities that may only 
be acquired for private clients under an asset management agreement. Other than where the applicable 
offering document specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" to be 
"Applicable" other than with respect to the period(s) of time specified therein, with respect to such 
period(s), the Securities may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of 
FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of 
the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis 
of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) 
FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA. 
For these purposes "offer" refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA. 
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the 
Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA) and are not subject to the supervision by 
the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and investors in Securities will not benefit 
from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority. 
Taiwan 
The Securities have not been and will not be approved for sale in Taiwan. The Securities are not permitted 
to be sold, offered or issued in Taiwan and are not permitted to be made available to Taiwan resident 
investors except (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan; (ii) where applicable, 
through properly licensed intermediaries expressly permitted to make Securities available to their 
customers under applicable Taiwanese laws and regulations; or (iii) as otherwise permitted by applicable 
Taiwan law and regulations. Each subscriber or purchaser of Securities must seek professional advice as 
to whether he/she/it is qualified to subscribe to or purchase Securities and, by purchase of the Securities 
each subscriber or purchaser will be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) that he/she/it is 
duly qualified to subscribe to or purchase Securities under applicable Taiwan laws and regulations. 
Purchasers/subscribers may be restricted or prohibited from re-selling Securities.

--- Page 1139 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1113
 
Republic of Turkey 
No information in this document (and any related Issue Terms) is provided for the purpose of offering, 
marketing and sale by any means of any capital market instruments in the Republic of Turkey. Therefore, 
this document (and any related Issue Terms) may not be considered as an offer made or to be made to 
residents of the Republic of Turkey. 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable) that neither it, nor any of its respective affiliates, nor any person 
acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its respective affiliates, shall offer or sell the Securities (or any 
beneficial interest therein) in Turkey in any circumstances which would constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the Capital Markets Law (Law No. 6362) (the Capital Market Law) and 
Communiqué No. VII-128.4 on the Foreign Capital Markets Instruments, Depositary Receipts and 
Foreign Mutual Fund Units. (the Communiqué No. VII-128.4) published by the Turkish Capital 
Markets Board (the CMB).  
Neither each Dealer is licensed nor is a further Dealer will be required to be licensed by the CMB and 
have not obtained any no approval has been obtained for the Securities under the relevant provisions of 
the Communiqué No. VII-128.4. 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer will be required to 
further represent and/or agree (as applicable) that neither it nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting 
on its behalf or on behalf of any of its affiliates has or will use any prospectus, or other offering material 
related to the offering in connection with any general offering to the public within Republic of Turkey 
for the purpose of offer or sale of the Securities without prior approval of the CMB in accordance with 
the relevant provisions of the Communiqué No. VII-128.4.  
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
These Securities have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the 
United Arab Emirates (UAE) other than in compliance with any laws, rules and regulations applicable 
in the UAE governing the issue of, offering and sale of securities. The offering of the Securities to be 
issued has not been approved or licensed by or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the UAE Securities 
and Commodities Authority (SCA), or any other relevant licensing authorities in the UAE, and 
accordingly does not constitute an offer of securities for public subscription in the UAE in accordance 
with the Commercial Companies Law, Federal Decree-Law No. 32 of 2021 (as amended), SCA 
Resolution No. 9 R.M. of 2016 Concerning the Regulation of Mutual Funds (as amended), SCA 
Resolution No. 11 R.M. of 2016 Concerning the Regulation of Offering and Issuing Shares in Public 
Joint-Stock Companies (as amended) or SCA Resolution No. 13 R.M. of 2021 On the Rulebook for the 
Financial Activities and Mechanisms of Status Adjustment (or otherwise (together, the SCA 
Resolutions)). Accordingly, the Securities to be issued hereunder may not be offered to the public in the 
UAE (including the DIFC or the ADGM). The offering of these Securities is strictly private and 
confidential and is only to a limited number of institutions and individual investors in the UAE: (i) who 
qualify as Professional Investors as defined under the SCA Resolutions, (ii) upon their request and 
confirmation that they understand that the Securities have not been approved or licensed by or registered 
with any UAE Central Bank, the SCA or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental 
agencies in the UAE; and (iii) must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and 
may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Uruguay 
The Securities issued under this document (and any related Issue Terms) are not and will not be registered 
with the Financial Services Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in 
Uruguay, but will only be placed relying on a private placement exemption (oferta privada) pursuant to 
section 2 of Law No. 18,627. The Issuer does not qualify as an investment fund regulated by Uruguayan 
Law No. 16,774, as amended, nor is the fund registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay. Each Dealer 
has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under this document

--- Page 1140 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1114
 
will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that Securities placed in Uruguay will be placed 
relying on a private placement exemption (oferta privada) pursuant to Section 2 of Law No.18,627. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended by the agreement of the Issuer(s) and the relevant Dealers. 
Any such amendment will be set out in either the subscription agreement or the dealer accession letter, 
as relevant, and/or the Issue Terms issued in respect of the issue of Securities to which it relates or in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or 
any Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where, or under circumstances in which, action for that 
purpose is required and has not been taken. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Securities, or 
distribution of any offering material relating to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction 
except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and 
which will not impose any obligation on any of Ensemble, Concerto and/or any Dealer. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in its possession or distributes 
this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in all cases at its own expense, and 
none of Ensemble, Concerto and any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 1141 ---
NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
1115
 
SECTION H.10 – NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
Because of the following restrictions, purchasers are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making 
any offer, resale, pledge or other transfer of the Securities. This Notice is a summary of the more detailed 
provisions and representations set out under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
The Securities and any Securities Guarantee have not been registered under the Securities Act and the 
Securities are being offered and sold only in an "offshore transaction" (as such term is defined under 
Regulation S) to Permitted Purchasers. 
If you purchase and accept Securities you will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented to and 
agreed with the relevant Issuer that: 
(a) 
you understand that the Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and agree that you will not, at any time during 
the term of the Securities, offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, except in an 
"offshore transaction" (as such term is defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S)) to a Permitted Purchaser (as such term is defined below) acting for its own 
account or for the account or benefit of another Permitted Purchaser; 
(b) 
you understand and acknowledge that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity 
pool operator of the relevant Issuer under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended 
(the CEA), and the rules of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission thereunder (the CFTC 
Rules), and that the relevant Issuer has not registered and will not register as an investment 
company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
(c) 
you are not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; you 
do not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA or any CFTC 
rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the avoidance of 
doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC 
Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for 
qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. 
person); you are not, and you are not purchasing and holding the Securities on behalf of or with 
"plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual retirement account or 
other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Code), or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any 
laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; 
and you are not a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code; 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, you are not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (any person 
falling within this paragraph (c), a Permitted Purchaser); 
(d) 
if you are acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other person is also a 
Permitted Purchaser; 
(e) 
you understand and acknowledge that the relevant Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial 
owner of an interest in the Securities to certify periodically that such beneficial owner is a 
Permitted Purchaser; 
(f) 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, you are not acquiring the Securities or a beneficial 
interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
(including acquiring such Security through a non-Risk Retention U.S. Person, rather than a Risk 
Retention U.S. Person, as part of a scheme to evade the 10 per cent. Risk Retention U.S. Person 
limitation in the exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules); 
(g) 
you understand and acknowledge that the relevant Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the 
transfer of an interest in the Securities in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the 
Securities; 
(h) 
you understand and acknowledge that the relevant Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial 
owner who is not a Permitted Purchaser to (i) sell its interest in the Securities to a Permitted

--- Page 1142 ---
NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
1116
 
Purchaser or (ii) transfer its interest in the Securities to the relevant Issuer, a Dealer or an affiliate 
of a Dealer, in each case, at a price equal to the least of (x) the purchase price therefor paid by 
the beneficial owner, (y) 100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof and (z) the fair market 
value thereof;  
(i) 
you understand that Securities will bear a legend to the effect set forth above under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"; and  
(j) 
you understand that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to 
the Securities will be null and void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the 
transferee, notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary to the relevant Issuer, Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any intermediary.

--- Page 1143 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1117
 
SECTION H.11 – TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
GENERAL 
Purchasers of Securities may be required to pay taxes (including stamp taxes) and other charges in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each 
Security. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING SECURITIES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR 
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON 
THE STATUS OF THE POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER 
AND REGISTRATION TAXES. INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE AWARE THAT THE TAX 
LEGISLATION OF THE COUNTRY IN WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT AND OF 
THE RELEVANT ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON 
THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE SECURITIES. POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO 
ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS 
INVOLVING SECURITIES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided below, the relevant Issuer does not accept responsibility for the 
withholding of taxes at source. This statement should be read in conjunction with General Condition 11 
(Taxation). 
References in this Section H.10 to a "Member State" shall be to a Member State of the EEA. 
CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and 
disposition of the Securities. It applies only to investors who purchase a Security for cash in the initial 
offering at the offering price set forth in the applicable Issue Terms and hold the Security as a capital 
asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. It does not address all of the tax consequences 
that may be relevant to an investor in light of its particular circumstances or if it is a holder subject to 
special rules, such as a financial institution or a tax-exempt entity. Moreover, this discussion applies only 
to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below). 
The Securities are not intended for persons who are U.S. persons for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The terms of each issue of Securities expressly prohibit sales to or purchases by such U.S. persons. 
Accordingly, this discussion does not address any U.S. federal tax consequences to U.S. persons of the 
ownership of the Securities. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative 
interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could 
affect the tax consequences described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does 
not describe any tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, 
or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes. An investor should consult its tax adviser regarding 
the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of owning and disposing of Securities 
(including the possibility of alternative treatments of the Securities) in light of its own particular 
circumstances.  
This discussion may be supplemented, modified or superseded by further discussion regarding U.S. 
federal tax considerations set out in the applicable Issue Terms, which an investor is urged to read before 
making a decision to invest in the relevant Securities. 
Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
A "Non-U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner of a Security that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 
an individual who is classified as a nonresident alien; 
 
a foreign corporation; or 
 
a foreign estate or trust.

--- Page 1144 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1118
 
An investor is not a Non-U.S. Holder for purposes of this discussion if it is: (i) an individual who is 
present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition or (ii) a former citizen 
or resident of the United States and certain conditions apply. If an investor is such a person or may 
become such a person during the period in which it holds a Security, it should consult its tax adviser 
regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the relevant Securities, including the 
issues discussed below, in light of its circumstances. 
Tax Treatment of Securities as Equity of the Relevant Issuer 
Although the Securities are not denominated as equity, based on the relevant Issuer's capital structure, 
each Issuer intends to treat, and, by acquiring the relevant Securities, each Securityholder will agree to 
treat, the Securities as equity of the relevant Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, there 
is no controlling authority regarding the treatment of instruments such as the Securities or an entity 
comparable to the relevant Issuer. As a result, the IRS or a court may not respect the treatment of the 
Securities as equity of the relevant Issuer. Except where stated otherwise, the following discussion is 
based on the treatment of the Securities as equity of the relevant Issuer.  
Under this treatment, subject to the discussions under "Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend 
Equivalents" and "FATCA" below, an investor generally should not be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding or income tax in respect of payments on or amounts it receives on a sale or other taxable 
disposition of a Security, provided that (i) income and gain in respect of the Securities are not effectively 
connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States, and (ii) in the case of Securities 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as Underlying U.S. Obligor Securities, the investor provides an 
appropriate IRS Form W-8 to the applicable withholding agent certifying under penalties of perjury that 
it is not a United States person. The relevant Issuer generally will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld.   
If an investor is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, and if income or gain from the Securities is 
effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business, such investor generally will be subject 
to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to that income or gain in the same manner as if it were a 
U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes, subject to the provisions of an applicable income tax 
treaty. As discussed above, the Securities are not intended for U.S. persons, and the tax treatment of 
Securities held by such persons is unclear and likely to be adverse. 
Tax Consequences Under Possible Alternative Treatments 
The tax treatment of the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes is unclear, and alternative U.S. 
federal income tax treatments of the Securities are possible. While each Issuer intends to treat the 
Securities as equity of the relevant Issuer, the IRS or other persons having withholding or information 
reporting responsibility in respect of the Securities may treat the Securities as a direct or indirect 
beneficial interest in (i) the Charged Assets and/or Charged Agreement underlying the relevant 
Securities, or (ii) the obligations of a Counterparty, Issuer Credit Enhancer, or Credit Support Provider. 
While the Issuers currently do not intend to withhold on payments on the Securities to Non-U.S. Holders 
(subject to the discussions under "Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents" and "FATCA" 
below and, in case of Securities specified in the applicable Issue Terms as Underlying U.S. Obligor 
Securities, the requirement that a Non-U.S. Holder provide an appropriate IRS Form W-8 to the 
applicable withholding agent), in light of the uncertain treatment of the Securities, other persons having 
withholding or information reporting responsibility in respect of the Notes may treat some or all of the 
payments on a Securities as subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. or may require an investor 
in the Securities to provide certification or other documentary evidence of its status as a non-U.S. person 
as a condition precedent to payment without withholding. Moreover, it is possible that in the future the 
relevant Issuer may determine that it should withhold at a rate of 30 per cent. on payments on the 
Securities or may require an investor in the Securities to provide certification or other documentary 
evidence of its status as a non-U.S. person as a condition precedent to payment without withholding. The 
relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. 
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder (Section 871(m)) impose a 30 per 
cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. 
Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities (Underlying Securities), as

--- Page 1145 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1119
 
defined under the applicable Treasury regulations, or indices that include Underlying Securities. Section 
871(m) generally applies to Specified Equity Linked Instruments (Specified ELIs), which are financial 
instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more Underlying Securities, 
as determined based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations and discussed further below. 
Section 871(m) provides certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments 
linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury 
regulations (Qualified Indices) as well as securities that track such indices (Qualified Index Securities). 
Although the Section 871(m) regime became effective in 2017, the applicable Treasury regulations, as 
modified by an IRS notice, phase in the application of Section 871(m) as follows: 
 
For financial instruments issued prior to 2027, Section 871(m) will generally apply only to 
financial instruments that have a "delta" of one. 
 
For financial instruments issued in 2027 and thereafter, Section 871(m) will apply if either (i) 
the "delta" of the relevant financial instrument is at least 0.80, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) 
the financial instrument meets a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to 
a small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the Underlying Security. The 
"substantial equivalence" test measures whether a complex contract tracks its "initial hedge" (shares of 
the Underlying Security that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would a "benchmark" 
simple contract with a delta of 0.80. 
The calculations are generally made at the calculation date, which is the earlier of (i) the time of pricing 
of the Security, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Security. 
However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Security, the 
calculation date is the date of the issuance of the Security. Under these rules, information regarding the 
relevant Issuer's final determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after a Non-
U.S. Holder agrees to acquire a Security. As a result, a Non-U.S. Holder should acquire such a Security 
only if it is willing to accept the risk that the Security is treated as a Specified ELI subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m). 
If the terms of a Security are subject to a "significant modification" (for example, upon an Issuer 
substitution), the Security may be treated as reissued for this purpose at the time of the significant 
modification, in which case the Security could become a Specified ELI at that time.  
If the relevant Issuer issues further Securities of a Series or Class, the determination as to whether such 
further Securities are Specified ELIs would be made as of the calculation date for such further Securities 
rather than the calculation date for the original Securities of that Series or Class. If such further Securities 
have the same ISIN or other identifying number as the original Securities, withholding agents may not 
be able to distinguish between the original Securities and the further Securities for purposes of applying 
Section 871(m). As a result, if the further Securities are Specified ELIs, withholding agents may withhold 
on payments to a Non-U.S. Holder of the original Securities even if those Securities are not Specified 
ELIs based on the determinations made on the original calculation date. Non-U.S. Holders should consult 
their tax advisers about the procedures for seeking a refund of the tax withheld in that event.   
If a Security is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on the 
applicable withholding agent's circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend 
payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or 
other disposition of the Security by the Non-U.S. Holder, or possibly upon certain other events. 
Depending on the circumstances, the applicable withholding agent may withhold the required amounts 
from coupons or other payments on the Security, from proceeds of the retirement or other disposition of 
the Security, or from other cash or property of the Non-U.S. Holder held by the withholding agent.  
The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, under certain circumstances, 
estimated dividend. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on the actual dividend, it will be equal to 
the product of: (i) in the case of a "simple" contract, the per-share dividend amount, the number of shares 
of an Underlying Security and the delta; or (ii) in the case of a "complex" contract, the per-share dividend 
amount and the initial hedge. The dividend equivalent amount for Specified ELIs issued prior to 2027 
that have a "delta" of one will be calculated in the same manner as (i) above, using a "delta" of one. The

--- Page 1146 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1120
 
per-share dividend amount will be the actual dividend (including any special dividends) paid with respect 
to a share of the Underlying Security. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on an estimated 
dividend, the applicable Issue Terms will generally state the estimated amounts.   
Depending on the terms of a Security and whether or not it is issued prior to 2027, the Issue Terms may 
contain additional information relevant to Section 871(m), such as whether the Security references a 
Qualified Index or Qualified Index Security; whether it is a "simple" contract; the "delta" and the number 
of shares multiplied by delta (for a simple contract); and whether the "substantial equivalence test" is met 
and the initial hedge (for a complex contract). 
The relevant Issuer's determination is binding on Non-U.S. Holders and withholding agents, but it is not 
binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect 
to Securities linked to Underlying Securities and their application to a specific issue of Securities may 
be uncertain. Accordingly, even if the relevant Issuer determines that certain Securities are not Specified 
ELIs, the IRS could challenge the relevant Issuer's determination and assert that withholding is required 
in respect of those Securities.   
Moreover, the consequences under Section 871(m) may depend on the particular circumstances of the 
Non-U.S. Holder. For example, if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into other transactions relating to an 
Underlying Security, the Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to withholding tax or income tax liability 
under Section 871(m) even if the Securities are not Specified ELIs subject to Section 871(m) as a general 
matter. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
in their particular circumstances and, if withholding applies, whether they are eligible for a refund of any 
part of the withholding tax discussed above on the basis of an applicable U.S. income tax treaty, as well 
as the process for obtaining such a refund (which will generally require the filing of a U.S. federal income 
tax return). In some circumstances, it may not be possible for a Non-U.S. Holder to obtain the 
documentation necessary to support a refund claim under an applicable treaty.  
The relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to U.S. federal 
withholding taxes. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined under 
"Valuation and Settlement Schedule—Definitions") occurs, an Early Redemption Event will occur, in 
which case the relevant Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of 
such Securities.  
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Payments on the Securities, as well as the proceeds of a sale, exchange or other disposition (including 
retirement) of the Securities, may be subject to information reporting and, if an investor fails to provide 
certain identifying information or meet certain other conditions, may also be subject to backup 
withholding at the rate specified in the Code. A Non-U.S. Holder that provides the applicable withholding 
agent with the appropriate IRS Form W-8 will generally establish an exemption from backup 
withholding. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be 
refunded or credited against the Non-U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the 
relevant information is timely furnished to the IRS.  
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (that are in 
addition to, and potentially significantly more onerous than, the requirement to deliver an IRS Form W-
8) have been satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement (IGA) between the United States and the non-
U.S. entity's jurisdiction may modify these requirements. This legislation generally applies to payments 
of U.S.-source "fixed or determinable annual or periodical" (FDAP) income, which includes, among 
other things, interest and certain dividend equivalents (as defined above) under Section 871(m). While 
existing Treasury regulations would also require withholding on payments of gross proceeds from the 
disposition (including upon retirement) of financial instruments that provide for U.S.-source interest or 
certain dividend equivalents, the U.S. Treasury Department has indicated in subsequent proposed 
regulations its intent to eliminate this requirement. The U.S. Treasury Department has stated that

--- Page 1147 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1121
 
taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations pending their finalisation. If any Securities were 
recharacterised as discussed in "Tax Consequences Under Possible Alternative Treatments" above, this 
legislation might apply to such Securities. Even if the treatment of the Securities as equity of the relevant 
Issuer is respected, the FATCA rules may apply to payments on the Securities treated as "foreign passthru 
payments", if the payments are made on or after the date that is two years after the date on which the 
final Treasury regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the Federal Register. Each 
Issuer believes it is currently compliant, and intends to comply in the future with the information 
reporting and due diligence requirements imposed by FATCA, as modified by the IGA between the 
United States and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Cayman Islands, as applicable, but there can 
be no assurance that the relevant Issuer will be able to comply with these requirements. If the relevant 
Issuer were unable to comply with these requirements, withholding might be imposed on any payments 
made to the relevant Issuer, which could affect payments the relevant Issuer makes with respect to the 
Securities. If withholding applies to the Securities, the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. An investor should consult its tax adviser regarding 
the potential application of FATCA to the Securities, including the availability of certain refunds or 
credits. 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION  
The following is a summary of the Issuers' understanding of current United Kingdom law and published 
HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) practice relating only to the United Kingdom withholding tax 
treatment of payments of interest (as that term is understood for United Kingdom tax purposes) in respect 
of Securities. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding 
or disposing of Securities. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Securityholders depends on 
their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Prospective Securityholders 
who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to 
their tax position should seek their own professional advice. 
Interest on Securities 
Payments of interest on the Securities that do not have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. If interest paid on the Securities 
does have a United Kingdom source, then payments may be made without deduction or withholding on 
account of United Kingdom income tax where one of the exemptions below applies: 
(a) 
where the Securities carry a right to interest and are and continue to be "listed on a recognised 
stock exchange", within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 then interest 
can be paid without deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
The London Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange. Securities will be treated as listed 
on the London Stock Exchange if they are included in the Official List (within the meaning of 
and in accordance with the provisions of Part 6 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) 
and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange. The Frankfurt Stock Exchange, 
Euronext Dublin, Euronext Paris, the Italian Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the Stockholm Stock Exchange have been recognised as "recognised stock exchanges". The 
Securities will satisfy this listing requirement if they are officially listed in Germany, Ireland, 
France, Italy, Luxembourg or Sweden in accordance with provisions corresponding to those 
generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, 
Euronext Dublin, Euronext Paris, the Italian Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or the Stockholm Stock Exchange (as applicable). HMRC published guidance is that Securities 
listed and admitted to trading on the following markets satisfy these requirements: the Regulated 
markets of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (but not the Freiverkehr markets), the main market 
and Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (but not the Euronext Growth), the electronic 
bond market and the electronic securitised derivatives market of the Italian Stock Exchange, the 
regulated market and the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the main 
market (but not the First North market) of the Stockholm Stock Exchange forming part of 
NASDAQ OMX Nordic Exchange. Provided, therefore, that the Securities carry a right to 
interest and are and remain so "listed on a recognised stock exchange", interest on the Securities 
will be payable without deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom tax;

--- Page 1148 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1122
 
(b) 
where the Securities are admitted to trading on a "multilateral trading facility" operated by a 
"regulated recognised stock exchange" (both as defined by section 987 Income Tax Act 2007) 
interest can be paid without deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income. 
Some of the markets that do not satisfy the requirement at (a) above, may instead satisfy this 
requirement (b). In particular, Securities admitted to trading on the ISM operated by the London 
Stock Exchange should satisfy this exemption; or 
(c) 
where the maturity of the Securities is less than 365 days (and the Securities do not form part of 
a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more 
than 364 days) interest can be paid without deduction or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income. 
In other cases where interest on the Securities is regarded as having a United Kingdom source, an amount 
must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Securities on account of United Kingdom 
income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), subject to any other available exemptions or reliefs. 
However, where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no 
tax to be withheld) in relation to a Securityholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest 
to the Securityholder without deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate 
provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
An amount may also be required to be withheld from payments on the Securities that have a United 
Kingdom source and do not constitute interest, but are nevertheless treated for United Kingdom tax 
purposes as either: (i) annual payments; or (ii) manufactured payments. Any such withholding on account 
of United Kingdom income tax would be at the basic rate. However, where an applicable double tax 
treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a 
Securityholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay annual payments to the Securityholder 
without deduction of tax (or for annual payments to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in 
the relevant double tax treaty). 
References to "interest" are to interest as interpreted for UK tax purposes and may therefore in certain 
cases include payments of premium. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS TAXATION 
Prospective investors should consult their professional advisers on the possible tax consequences of 
buying, holding or selling any Securities under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence or 
domicile. 
Cayman Islands Taxation 
The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in 
the Securities. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and 
retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor's particular 
circumstances, and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands 
law. 
Under Existing Cayman Islands Laws 
Payments of interest and principal on the Securities and dividends and capital in respect of any shares 
will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment 
of interest and principal or a dividend or capital to any holder of the Securities or any shares, as the case 
may be, nor will gains derived from the disposal of the Securities or any shares be subject to Cayman 
Islands income or corporation tax. The Cayman Islands currently has no income, corporation or capital 
gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance tax or gift tax. 
No stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue of the Securities. The Securities themselves will be 
stampable if they are executed in or brought into the Cayman Islands. 
No stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue of the Securities and the Certificates. An instrument of 
transfer in respect of a Securities or a Certificate is stampable if executed in or brought into the Cayman 
Islands.

--- Page 1149 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1123
 
No stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue of any shares or on an instrument of transfer in respect 
of a Share. 
Concerto has been incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with 
limited liability and, as such, has obtained an undertaking from the Financial Secretary of the Cayman 
Islands in the following form:  
The Tax Concessions Act 
Undertaking as to Tax Concessions 
In accordance with the Tax Concessions Act, the following undertaking is hereby given to 
Concerto Investment Corporation Limited (the Company). 
1. 
That no Act which is hereafter enacted in the Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, 
income, gains or appreciations shall apply to the Company or its operations; and 
2. 
In addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the 
nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable 
(i) 
on or in respect of the shares debentures or other obligations of the Company; or 
(ii) 
by way of the withholding in whole or part, of any relevant payment as defined in the 
Tax Concessions Act. 
These concessions shall be for a period of TWENTY years from the 18th day of March 2020. 
CLERK OF THE CABINET 
Cayman Islands - Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information 
The Cayman Islands has signed an intergovernmental agreement to improve international tax compliance 
and the exchange of information with the United States (the US IGA). The Cayman Islands has also 
signed, along with over 100 other countries, a multilateral competent authority agreement to implement 
the OECD Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information – Common Reporting 
Standard (CRS and together with the US IGA, AEOI). Cayman Islands regulations have been issued to 
give effect to the US IGA and CRS (collectively, the AEOI Regulations). Pursuant to the AEOI 
Regulations, the Cayman Islands Tax Information Authority (the TIA) has published guidance notes on 
the application of the US IGA and CRS. 
All Cayman Islands "Financial Institutions" (including Concerto) are required to comply with the 
registration, due diligence and reporting requirements of the AEOI Regulations, unless Concerto is able 
to rely on an exemption that permits it to be treated as a "Non-Reporting Financial Institution" (as defined 
in the relevant AEOI Regulations) with respect to one or more of the AEOI regimes, in which case only 
the registration requirement would apply under CRS. Concerto does not propose to rely on any Non-
Reporting Financial Institution exemption and therefore intends to comply with all of the requirements 
of the AEOI Regulations as a "Reporting Financial Institution".  
The AEOI Regulations require Concerto to, amongst other things: (i) register with the IRS to obtain a 
Global Intermediary Identification Number (in the context of the US IGA only); (ii) register with the 
TIA, and thereby notify the TIA of its status as a "Reporting Financial Institution"; (iii) adopt and 
implement written policies and procedures setting out how it will address its obligations under CRS; (iv) 
conduct due diligence on its accounts to identify whether any such accounts are considered "Reportable 
Accounts"; and (v) report information on such Reportable Accounts to the TIA. The TIA will transmit 
such information to the applicable overseas fiscal authorities. 
Under the terms of the US IGA, withholding will not be imposed on payments made to Concerto unless 
the IRS has specifically listed Concerto as a non-participating financial institution, or on payments made 
by Concerto to the Securityholders unless Concerto has otherwise assumed responsibility for withholding 
under United States tax law.

--- Page 1150 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1124
 
GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, 
levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to 
Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax 
encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt 
commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal 
income tax (impôt sur le revenu des personnes physiques) generally. Investors may further be subject to 
net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, 
municipal business tax, net wealth tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject 
to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual 
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal 
business tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the Holders of Securities 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Securities held by non-resident holders of Securities. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the Relibi Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of 
Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Securities 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Securities. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg, with respect to Securities listed and admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a 
withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if 
the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payment 
of interest under the Securities coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding 
tax at a rate of 20 per cent.. 
Income Taxation 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Securities 
A holder of Securities will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only 
of the holding of the Securities or the execution, performance and/or delivery of the Securities. 
A non-resident holder of Securities, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative 
in Luxembourg to which/whom such Securities are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income 
tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Securities. A gain 
realised by such non-resident holder of Securities on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Securities is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax.

--- Page 1151 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1125
 
A non-resident corporate holder of Securities or an individual holder of Securities acting in the course of 
the management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Securities are attributable, is subject 
to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Securities and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Securities. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Securities 
Holders of Securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income 
tax on repayment of principal. 
Luxembourg resident corporate holder of Securities 
A corporate holder of Securities must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium 
or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Securities, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
A corporate holder of Securities that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, 
as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the 
law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, and which does not fall under 
the special tax regime set out in article 48 thereof is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect 
of interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the 
sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Securities. 
Luxembourg resident individual holder of Securities 
An individual holder of Securities, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Securities, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such 
payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual holder of the Securities has opted for 
the application of a 20 per cent. tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, 
which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in an EU 
Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the EEA (other than an EU Member 
State). A gain realised by an individual holder of Securities, acting in the course of the management of 
his/her private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Securities is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the 
Securities were acquired and the disposal of the Securities does not precede their acquisition. However, 
any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to Luxembourg 
income tax, except if tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the premium paid upon the repayment or redemption of Zero Coupon Notes should 
qualify as an interest for Luxembourg tax purposes rather than as a capital gain. 
An individual holder of Securities acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with 
the Relibi Law will be credited against his/her final tax liability. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of Securities, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such 
Securities are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Securities, except if the holder 
of Securities is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as 
amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or 
by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 
2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, or is a securitisation company governed by 
the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law of 
15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended. However, certain entities remain subject to the 
minimum net wealth tax in Luxembourg, e.g. (i) a securitisation company subject to the amended law of 
22 March 2004, (ii) a tax opaque venture capital company subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004,

--- Page 1152 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1126
 
(iii) a professional pension institution subject to the amended law of 13 July 2005, and (iv) a tax opaque 
reserved alternative investment fund treated as a venture capital vehicle for Luxembourg tax purposes 
and subject to the amended law of 23 July 2016. 
An individual holder of Securities, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax on such Securities. 
Other Taxes 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Securities will give rise to 
any Luxembourg registration tax or similar taxes.  
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Securities in 
Luxembourg in the case where the notes are physically attached to a public deed or to any other document 
subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of the Securities on a voluntary 
basis. Where a holder of Securities is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her 
death, the Securities are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Securities if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed in front 
of a Luxembourg notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
BELGIAN TAXATION 
Set out below is a summary of certain Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding and selling 
Securities. This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all relevant Belgian tax 
considerations and the investors should consult their own professional tax advisers regarding the 
Belgian tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the 
avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Securities in their particular 
circumstances. The description of certain taxes in the Kingdom of Belgium (Belgium) set out below is 
for general information only and does not purport to be comprehensive. In particular, it does not cover 
the situation of non-residents nor the tax treatment of securities which may be received upon repurchase 
or settlement of the Securities. 
This summary is based on current legislation, published case law and other published guidelines and 
regulations as in force at the date of this document and remains subject to any future amendments, which 
may or may not have retroactive effect. Each investor should consult a professional adviser with respect 
to the tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, taking into account the applicable terms and 
the inﬂuence of each regional, local, federal or national law. 
Any payment of interest (as defined by Belgian tax law) on the Securities made through a paying agent 
or other financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to Belgian withholding tax on the 
gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro at the exchange rate 
applicable on the date of payment or attribution. 
Belgian income tax 
Variable Income 
If the repurchase, redemption or exercise by the Issuer(s) is in full or in part settled by means of a delivery 
of securities or other assets, interest includes any positive difference between the sales value of those 
assets on the date of their payment or attribution and the initial issue price of the Securities. 
Under Belgian tax law, 'interest' income includes: (i) periodic interest income; (ii) any amount paid by 
the Issuer(s) in excess of the Issue Price; and (iii) only if the Securities qualify as 'ﬁxed income securities' 
(in the meaning of Article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992), in the case of a realisation of the 
Securities between two interest payment dates, the pro rata interest accrued during the holding period. In 
general, securities are qualified as 'fixed income securities' if there is a causal link between the amount 
of interest income and the holding period of the security, on the basis of which it is possible to calculate 
the amount of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the Securities during their lifetime. 
On 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the Belgian tax treatment of

--- Page 1153 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1127
 
income from structured securities characterised by an uncertain return on investment due to the variation 
of the coupons or the repayment terms at maturity, such as securities whose return is linked to the 
evolution of underlying products. According to the circular letter, the transfer of structured securities to 
a third party (other than the issuer) results in taxation as interest income of the "pro rata interest", 
calculated on an unclear formulae. In addition, any amount paid in excess of the initial issue price upon 
redemption or repayment of the structured securities by the issuer is considered as interest for Belgian 
tax purposes. It is highly debatable whether the circular letter is in line with Belgian tax legislation. 
Furthermore, it is unclear whether the Belgian tax authorities will seek to apply the principles set out in 
the circular letter to the Securities. 
In the event interest is paid in the form of delivery of listed securities, the market value of those securities 
will be deemed at least equal to the closing price on the day prior to the date of the payment or attribution 
based on information in the specialised financial press and/or via specialised electronic data bases. If the 
securities are not listed on a Belgian or similar foreign market, then the taxpayer needs to determine the 
sales value under the supervision of the tax administration. 
It is assumed that any gains realised upon redemption or repayment by the Issuer(s) will indeed be viewed 
as interest by the Belgian tax authorities (and any such gains are therefore referred to as "interest" for the 
purposes of the following paragraphs), but that the effective taxation of the "pro rata interest" in case of 
sale to a third party (i.e. other than the Issuer(s)) would not be possible, on the basis that it is currently 
impossible to determine the amount of the "pro rata interest". 
Repayment or redemption by the Issuer(s) 
 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), who are holding the Securities as a private 
investment are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Other rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when Belgian resident 
individuals acquire the Securities for professional purposes or when their transactions with 
respect to the Securities fall outside the scope of the normal management of their own private 
estate or are speculative in nature. 
Payments of interest (as defined above) on the Securities made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax 
in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding 
taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes in principle the final income tax for Belgian 
resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the 
Securities in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was effectively 
levied on these interest payments. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Securities in their 
personal income tax return if that is beneficial from a tax perspective. Also, if the interest is paid 
outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or other financial 
intermediary, the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must 
be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared this way will 
in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income 
tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is more 
beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. If the interest income is declared, the Belgian 
withholding tax levied may be credited against the personal income tax liability and any excess 
will be refundable. 
 
Belgian resident companies  
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Interest received by Belgian resident companies on the Securities will be subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25 per cent. Small and

--- Page 1154 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1128
 
medium-sized companies are taxable – subject to conditions – at a reduced corporate tax rate of 
20 per cent. for the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits. If the income has been subject to a 
foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due. For interest 
income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to 
the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a 
maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further limitations). Capital 
losses are in principle tax deductible.  
Interest payments (as defined above) on the Securities made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium are in principle subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, but 
can be exempt from Belgian withholding tax, PROVIDED THAT certain formalities are 
complied with (articles 108 and 117, §12 of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing 
the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992). For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption from 
withholding tax will only apply if the Belgian company and the Issuer(s) are associated 
companies within the meaning of article 105, 6°, b of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 
implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. The withholding tax that has been levied 
is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions and any excess will be 
refundable. 
 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Securities made through a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium 
and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying 
agent or other financial intermediary and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the 
Belgian non-profit legal entity itself is responsible for declaring the interest income and for the 
payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax.  
Sale to a third party  
No Belgian withholding tax should in principal apply to the Securities. 
 
Belgian resident individuals 
Subject to the assumptions stated above under the heading "Variable Income", Belgian resident 
individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), are currently not liable to Belgian income 
tax on the capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party, 
PROVIDED THAT the Securities have not been used for their professional activity and that the 
capital gain is realised within the framework of the normal management of their private estate 
and is not speculative in nature. Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities held as a 
non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
However, capital gains on the Securities may be subject to a 33 per cent. Belgian income tax 
(plus local surcharges) if they are deemed to be speculative or outside the scope of the normal 
management of a private estate. Capital losses arising from such transactions are not tax 
deductible, except for losses incurred in the previous five years which can be deducted from 
gains realised on such type of transactions. 
Capital gains realised upon transfer of Securities held for professional purposes are taxable at 
the ordinary progressive income tax rates (plus local surcharges), except for Securities held for 
more than five years as fixed assets, which are taxable at a separate rate of 16.5 per cent. (plus 
local surcharges). Capital losses on the Securities incurred by Belgian resident individuals 
holding the Securities for professional purposes are in principle tax deductible.

--- Page 1155 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1129
 
 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are liable to Belgian corporate income tax on the 
capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party, irrespective of 
whether such Securities relate to shares or other underlying assets or indices. The current 
standard corporate income tax rate in Belgium is 25 per cent. Small and medium-sized 
companies benefit from a 20 per cent. corporate tax rate on the first EUR100,000 of taxable 
profits, subject to conditions. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities are in principle tax deductible. 
 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are currently not liable to Belgian 
income tax on capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities are in principle not tax deductible. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The sale and acquisition of the Securities on the secondary market is subject to a stock exchange tax 
(Taks op de beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les opérations de bourse). It will be levied on the acquisition 
and disposal of the Securities for consideration on the secondary market executed through a professional 
intermediary in Belgium or if the order is transmitted directly or indirectly to a financial intermediary 
established outside of Belgium by either a physical person with habitual residence in Belgium or by a 
legal person for the account of a seat or establishment located in Belgium. The tax is due separately from 
each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), and in both 
cases collected by the professional intermediary. Where the intermediary is established outside of 
Belgium, the tax will be due by the party giving the order, save where evidence is provided that the tax 
was already paid. 
The tax rate is in principle 0.12 per cent. for transactions in debt instruments (such as bonds) and 0.35 
per cent. for transactions in other securities with a maximum amount of respectively EUR1,300 per 
transaction and per party and EUR1,600 per transaction and per party. 
However, the tax referred to above will not be payable if no professional intermediary intervenes in the 
transaction or, even if a professional intermediary intervenes in the transaction, for transactions by 
exempt persons acting for their own account, including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided 
they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status 
and certain Belgian institutional investors, as defined in Article 126-1, 2 of the Code of various duties 
and taxes (Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers). Transactions on the 
primary market are not subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
As stated above, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (the FTT). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, 
the participating Member States (including Belgium for the time being) shall not maintain or introduce 
taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the EU Council Directive 
2006/112/EC on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange 
transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The FTT proposal is still subject to 
negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
The Law of 17 February 2021 introduced an annual tax on securities accounts (Jaarlijkse taks op de 
effectenrekeningen/Taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres). An annual tax of 0.15 per cent. (Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts) is levied on securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable 
financial instruments (covering, amongst others, financial instruments such as bonds, notes and warrants) 
held thereon during a reference period of twelve consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October 
and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, would exceed EUR 1 million. The tax base is 
established by reference to four reference dates, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September.

--- Page 1156 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1130
 
The tax base is the sum of the values of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points 
in time (i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September) divided by the number of those reference 
points in time. The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15 per cent. of the average 
value of the account or 10 per cent. of the difference between the average value of the account and EUR 
1,000,000. The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and other legal 
entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is 
incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-
resident individuals, companies and other legal entities with a financial intermediary incorporated or 
established in Belgium. There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types 
of regulated entities for their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm 
as defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions 
and stockbroking firms and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 
October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of 
portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted 
to hold financial instruments for the account of clients. 
A Belgian intermediary is an intermediary incorporated under Belgian law, as well as an intermediary 
established in Belgium. A Belgian intermediary withholds, declares and pays the tax to the Belgian 
treasury. 
Intermediaries not incorporated or established in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a 
securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a responsible representative established in Belgium, who 
will be approved by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance (Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Representative). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable 
for the declaration and payment of the tax and for all other formalities. 
In cases where no intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, 
the holder of the securities account needs to declare and pay the tax, unless the holder can prove that the 
tax has already been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or an Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
Certain specific transactions regarding securities accounts executed as from 30 October 2020 were not 
effective vis-à-vis the Belgian tax authorities, i.e. splitting of a securities account in multiple securities 
accounts held with the same financial intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments 
held in a securities account in financial instruments in registered form. In addition, a general anti-abuse 
provision was introduced in the Code of various duties and taxes with effect from 30 October 2020. The 
specific anti-abuse provision, as well as the retroactive date of entry into force of the general anti-abuse 
provision in relation to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts were, however, annulled by the Belgian 
Constitutional Court in its decision n° 138/2022 of 27 October 2022. 
The Law of 17 February 2021 entered into force on 26 February 2021, i.e. the day following its 
publication in the Belgian State Gazette, which is now also the date on which the general anti-abuse 
provision took effect in relation to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts. The current reference period 
started on 1 October 2023 and will end on 30 September 2024, with 31 December 2023, 31 March, 30 
June and 30 September 2024 as reference dates. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this Annual Tax on Securities Accounts. 
Belgian estate and gift tax 
Individuals resident in Belgium 
An estate tax is levied on the value of the Securities transferred as part of a Belgian resident's estate. 
Gifts of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian tax administration for registration purposes. However, estate taxes on donated Securities are

--- Page 1157 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1131
 
avoided only if a person can demonstrate that the gift (not subject to gift tax) occurred more than three 
years (five years in the Walloon and Brussels Region) preceding the death of the grantor. 
Individuals not resident in Belgium 
There is no Belgian estate tax on the transfer of Securities on the death of a Belgian non-resident. 
Gifts of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian tax administration for registration purposes. 
BULGARIAN TAXATION 
The information provided below regarding certain tax considerations under Bulgarian law is based on 
the laws in force in the Republic of Bulgaria as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
changes in law that may take effect after such date. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the considerations that may be relevant to an investment decision and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors. The acquisition of Securities by non-
Bulgarian holders, or the receipt of income under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the 
country of residence of the relevant holder, which is not covered by this summary. Furthermore, the 
receipt of income under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of the 
relevant Issuer(s), but in such case the provisions of any effective and applicable treaties on the 
avoidance of double taxation should be taken into consideration. Investors should consult their 
professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities 
under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence, domicile or incorporation. 
Summary 
As a general rule and to the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have 
a permanent establishment in Bulgaria), only income realised in relation to the Securities by investors 
who are legal entities and/or individuals resident for tax purposes in Bulgaria (or, as an exception, foreign 
investors who act through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria) may be subject to taxation in Bulgaria. 
Provided that the Issuer(s) is/are not Bulgarian tax residents (nor do they have a permanent establishment 
in Bulgaria), Bulgarian withholding tax will not apply to income under the Securities realised by 
investors (legal entities and/or individuals) who are not Bulgarian tax residents.  
Tax Residence Status of Holders of Securities 
From a Bulgarian tax perspective the mere acquisition, holding or disposal of Securities would not 
qualify a foreign corporate or individual holder as a Bulgarian tax resident.  
In order to qualify as a Bulgarian tax resident under Bulgarian local laws a corporate investor should 
either (i) be incorporated in the Republic of Bulgaria under the applicable Bulgarian laws or (ii) be an 
entity established under Council Regulation (EC) №2157/2001 or (iii) be a cooperative society 
established under Council Regulation (EC) 1435/2003, in case its registered office is within Bulgaria and 
it is entered in a Bulgarian register.  
An individual investor will qualify as a Bulgarian tax resident, without regard to its citizenship, in the 
event that he or she (i) has a permanent address in the Republic of Bulgaria; (ii) resides in the Republic 
of Bulgaria for more than 183 days during each twelve month period, (iii) has been sent abroad by the 
Bulgarian state, its authorities or organisations or by Bulgarian enterprises, or (iv) has a centre of vital 
interest in the Republic of Bulgaria.  
Tax Treatment of Interest Income  
Non-resident Corporate Holders 
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), Bulgarian tax on interest income of corporate holders that are not Bulgarian 
tax residents and do not have a permanent establishment in Bulgaria (Non-resident Corporate Holders) 
derived under the Securities would not apply. Where any interest income is paid under the Securities to 
a Non-resident Corporate Holder acting through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria said interest

--- Page 1158 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1132
 
income will be included in the corporate income taxable base of the relevant entity's permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria which, in turn, is subject to corporate income tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 
per cent. 
Non-resident Individual Investors  
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax residents (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), interest income of non-resident individual investors derived under the 
Securities would not be subject to Bulgarian tax.  
Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders 
Irrespective of whether the Securities are traded on a regulated market in financial instruments (as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU) in Bulgaria or in an EU/the European Economic Area (EEA) state (Regulated 
Market), the interest income received by a Bulgarian tax resident corporate holder will be treated as a 
form of business income, and would therefore be included in its financial result. After netting off with 
recognised business expenses, any resulting profit is subject to general corporate tax at a flat rate of 10 
per cent. The Bulgarian resident corporate holder would be liable for payment of the corporate income 
tax (provided its annual financial result is a positive figure), as well as for complying with certain 
reporting obligations under Bulgarian law. The annual corporate income tax, if any, should be paid by 
30 June of the following year, otherwise interest for the delay shall accrue thereon. 
Bulgaria-resident Individual Investors 
The interest income derived from Securities issued in accordance with the laws and regulations of 
Bulgaria, another EU Member State or another EEA state, and received by a Bulgarian tax resident 
individual is tax exempt in Bulgaria. Interest income derived from Securities issued in accordance with 
the laws and regulations of a country outside the EU/EEA and received by a Bulgarian tax resident 
individual are subject to Bulgarian personal income tax levied at a flat rate of 10 per cent. 
Special Treatment of Sole Proprietors (ednolicen targovetz) 
An individual who is a Bulgarian tax resident and with regards to the Securities is acting as sole proprietor 
(ednolicen targovetz) within the meaning of the Bulgarian Commerce Act, whether registered or not, is 
subject to taxation for any interest as a legal entity at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Tax Treatment of Dividend Income  
Non-resident Corporate Holders 
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria) and relevant dividend income is not paid in relation to and based on equity 
participation in a Bulgaria-tax-resident entity, Bulgarian tax on dividend income of corporate holders 
that are not Bulgarian tax residents and do not have a permanent establishment in Bulgaria (Non-resident 
Corporate Holders) derived under the Securities would not apply.  
Where any dividend income is paid under the Securities to a Non-resident Corporate Holder acting 
through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria and if the issuing entity is not resident for tax purposes 
within the EU or EEA, said dividend income will be included in the corporate income taxable base of 
the relevant entity's permanent establishment in Bulgaria which, in turn, is subject to corporate income 
tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 per cent. (unless an exemption is granted under an applicable double tax 
treaty). Conversely, where dividend income is paid under the Securities to a Non-resident Corporate 
Holder acting through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria and if the issuing entity is resident for tax 
purposes within the EU or EEA, said dividend payments will not be recognised income for Bulgarian tax 
purposes (pass through income) and will not lead to increase of the permanent establishment's taxable 
result in Bulgaria. 
Non-resident Individual Investors  
Unless the relevant Issuer(s) of Securities is a Bulgarian tax resident, dividend income of non-resident 
individual investors derived under the Securities would not be subject to Bulgarian tax.

--- Page 1159 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1133
 
Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders 
Where any dividend income is paid under the Securities to a Bulgaria-resident corporate holder and if 
the issuing entity is not resident for tax purposes within the EU or EEA, said dividend income will be 
included in the corporate income taxable base of the relevant holder in Bulgaria which, in turn, is subject 
to corporate income tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 per cent. (unless an exemption is granted under an 
applicable double tax treaty). Conversely, where dividend income is paid under the Securities to a 
Bulgaria-resident corporate holder and if the issuing entity is resident for tax purposes within the EU or 
EEA, said dividend payments will not be recognised income for Bulgarian tax purposes (pass through 
income) and will not lead to increase of the Bulgarian holder's taxable result in Bulgaria. 
Bulgaria-resident Individual Investors 
Unless an exemption is granted under an applicable double tax treaty, any dividend income realised by 
a Bulgarian tax resident individual is subject to Bulgarian tax levied at a flat rate of 5 per cent. 
Special Treatment of Sole Proprietors (ednolicen targovetz) 
An individual who is a Bulgarian tax resident and with regards to the Securities is acting as sole proprietor 
(ednolicen targovetz) within the meaning of the Bulgarian Commerce Act, whether registered or not, is 
subject to taxation for any dividend income with Bulgarian tax levied at a flat rate of 5 per cent. (unless 
an exemption is granted under an applicable double tax treaty). 
Tax Treatment of Capital Gains  
Non-resident Corporate Holders 
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor do they have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), capital gains income from disposal of Securities realised by Non-resident 
Corporate Holders would not be subject to Bulgarian tax unless such income is realised by the relevant 
Non-resident Corporate Holders through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria. In the latter case, the 
capital gains realised through disposal of Securities by a Non-resident Corporate Holder acting through 
a permanent establishment in Bulgaria would be included in the corporate income taxable result of the 
permanent establishment which – if positive (i.e. if there is profit realised) - is subject to corporate income 
tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 per cent. 
Non-resident Individual Holders 
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not Bulgarian tax residents (nor do they have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), capital gains income from disposal of Securities realised by non-resident 
individual holders would not be subject to Bulgarian tax. 
Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders 
Unless an exemption applies, the tax treatment of capital gains from the disposal of Securities realised 
by a Bulgaria-tax-resident corporate holder, will be the same as the tax treatment of the interest income 
from Securities described above with respect to Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders. The capital gains 
will be treated as a form of business income of the Bulgaria-tax-resident corporate holder and will be 
included in its taxable result. Should the taxable result be a positive figure, the Bulgarian investor would 
be liable for a payment of 10 per cent. corporate tax thereon.  
Bulgaria-resident Individual Investors  
As a general rule under the Bulgarian Law on Personal Income Taxation, income derived by a Bulgaria-
tax-resident individual as a result of disposal of financial instruments shall be exempt from taxation with 
Bulgarian personal income tax. For the purposes of said exemption 'disposal of financial instruments' is 
defined to include: (i) transactions with shares in collective investment schemes and national investments 
fund (as defined by law), and with shares, warrants (meaning instruments granting their holder the right 
to subscribe shares upon capital increase) and state-issued securities carried out on a Regulated Market; 
(ii) transactions completed under the terms and procedures for re-purchase by collective investment 
schemes admitted for offering in Bulgaria or in another EU Member State or EEA party; (iii) transactions 
completed under the terms and procedures for re-purchase (including distribution of money upon

--- Page 1160 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1134
 
liquidation of a closed-type national investment fund) by national investment funds admitted for offering 
in Bulgaria; (iv) transactions completed under the terms and procedures for takeover bids regulated under 
the Bulgarian Law on Public Offering of Securities, or for similar transaction in another EU Member 
State or EEA party. 
The income of Bulgaria-tax-resident individuals derived from transfer of Securities which do not fall 
under the exemptions described above shall be subject to personal income tax at 10 per cent, as part of 
the overall annual income.  
Special Treatment of Sole Proprietors (ednolicen targovetz) 
An individual who is a Bulgarian tax resident and with regards to the Securities is acting as sole proprietor 
(ednolicen targovetz) within the meaning of the Bulgarian Commerce Act, whether registered or not, is 
subject to taxation for any capital gains as a legal entity at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Other Taxes 
There is no Bulgarian value added tax, registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar duty payable in 
Bulgaria as a consequence of the receipt of interest income from Securities, or holding or disposal of 
Securities.  
Under Bulgarian law, the transfer of Securities by way of succession (through corporate reorganisation 
of a legal entity or inheritance of an individual) does not trigger separate transfer tax, except for 
inheritance taxes that may be due in the case of succession by individual holders who are Bulgarian tax 
residents. 
Application of Double Tax Treaties 
Bulgaria has a number of double tax treaties in place with various jurisdictions (including the USA and 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg). Each investor should seek further tax advice from qualified adviser(s) 
on whether any such double tax treaty may apply with respect to a particular type of income derived from 
the Securities, and if such application may allow the investor to avail of a tax relief from taxes which 
would otherwise be levied in Bulgaria or in another relevant jurisdiction (e.g. the country where the 
relevant Issuer(s) is resident for tax purposes). 
CZECH REPUBLIC TAXATION 
General 
The following text is a general discussion of certain Czech tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
ownership and disposition of Securities (the Discussion) by their holders who are Czech tax residents, 
beneficially own, within the OECD meaning of this term, any income from such Securities, and who, if 
they are individuals, have held their Securities as private investment and not as part of their business 
assets (a Czech Holder). It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not consider any 
specific features of any of the Securities or any facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular 
purchaser. It is based on laws currently in force in the Czech Republic and applicable on the date of this 
Base Prospectus, but subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. Due to the absence of 
statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the Czech tax treatment of 
structured instruments, such as Securities, significant aspects of the tax treatment of an investment in 
these Securities are uncertain. Therefore, prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of 
Securities, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of the Czech Republic and 
each country where income from Securities can become subject to tax. 
Application of special bonds tax regime 
In 2021, new Czech income tax rules for the taxation of bonds came into effect. According to these rules, 
income from bonds is classified and taxed strictly by reference to the Czech bonds regulations. However, 
these regulations do not consider securities to be bonds if the right to repayment of a certain amount, 
which is linked to such securities, depends even partially on the occurrence of a certain event. Therefore, 
except in cases where a Securityholder's capital is not at risk i.e. a holder's investment is returned at

--- Page 1161 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1135
 
redemption or maturity under all circumstances, it can be reasonably argued that this new tax regime 
does not cover instruments with complex payoff structures, such as Securities. This Discussion assumes 
that the special bonds tax regime does not apply to Securities. 
Classification of Securities and income from them 
This Discussion assumes that Securities are treated as debt securities (other than bonds) for Czech tax 
purposes and that the income from them is considered as interest income. However, alternative 
treatments are possible, and even if the general characterisation of the relevant Securities as debt is 
respected there may nonetheless be uncertainty about specific aspects of the tax treatment of the relevant 
Securities. 
Czech interest income sourcing rules 
Interest is considered as Czech source income if it is paid by a Czech tax resident or a Czech permanent 
establishment of a non-resident. As such, there can be uncertainty as to whether the appointment of a 
paying agent or similar person in the Czech Republic could cause the interest to have a Czech source 
and become subject to withholding tax. However, it can be argued that the sourcing rules have not been 
designed to establish a paying-agent withholding tax system. Accordingly, interest income should be 
treated as having a Czech source only if the relevant Issuer is resident in the Czech Republic for tax 
purposes or if it has a permanent establishment in the Czech Republic and there is an economic link 
between Securities on which the interest is paid and that permanent establishment. This Discussion 
assumes that none of the Issuers is resident in the Czech Republic or has a permanent establishment in 
the Czech Republic. 
Czech income taxation 
Withholding tax on interest 
All payments of interest in respect of Securities can be made by the Issuer without any deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed or assessed in the Czech Republic. 
Czech Holders – Individuals 
The interest accruing on Securities is subject to taxation in the Czech Republic when such interest is paid 
to the Czech Holders who are individuals. 
The gross amount of interest income (including any tax withheld abroad and not reduced by any 
expenses) is treated as capital income. Such income is included in a general tax base of the Czech Holder 
which is subject to progressive personal income tax of 15 or 23 per cent., depending on the Czech 
Holder's income bracket (the higher rate applying on the tax base exceeding CZK 1,582,812 in 2024). 
However, the Czech Holders may decide to include the gross amount of interest into a separate tax base 
designated for taxation of certain foreign-sourced income in which case a flat personal income tax of 15 
per cent. will apply. The Czech tax law does not provide for any unilateral foreign-tax credit or a similar 
arrangement and, therefore, any double taxation relief must be resolved solely according to an applicable 
Czech tax treaty, if any. 
Unless exempt from tax, capital gains realised by Czech Holders upon sale of Securities are subject to 
progressive personal income tax of 15 or 23 per cent., depending on the Czech Holder's income bracket 
(the higher rate applying on the tax base exceeding CZK 1,582,812 in 2024). Any loss will generally be 
treated as non-deductible, except where such loss is compensated by taxable gains on the sales of other 
securities in the same year and the income from the sale of Securities is not tax-exempt. 
Capital gains realised by a Czech Holder from the sale of Securities are exempt from Czech personal 
income tax if: 
(a) 
the individual has held such Securities continuously for more than three years before their sale 
(the Holding Exemption); or 
(b) 
the total gross income (i.e. not a gain) from the sale of securities (including Securities) in one 
calendar year does not exceed CZK 100,000.

--- Page 1162 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1136
 
With effect from 1 January, 2025, the Holding Exemption will be subject to an annual threshold of CZK 
40,000,000. This threshold refers to the amount of exempt income (i.e., not gains) and, besides income 
from the sale of securities (including Securities), income from the sale of equity participations in 
corporations, where such participations are not represented by securities, will also count towards this 
threshold. 
If the income from the sale of Securities is tax exempt and such income exceeds CZK 5,000,000, then 
the Czech Holder must report such income to the tax authorities. 
Czech Holders – Corporations (holders other than individuals) 
Interest derived from Securities is included in the general tax base of the Czech Holder, which is subject 
to corporate income tax at a flat rate of 21 per cent., in 2024. The Czech Holders are generally required 
to recognize the interest in its profit and loss statement on an accrual (as opposed to cash) basis. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of Securities are included in the general tax base, which is subject to 
corporate income tax at the flat rate of 21 per cent., in 2024. No exemption from tax is available and 
losses are generally tax deductible. 
A different regime may apply to certain corporations (e.g., pension funds, investment funds). 
Stamp, duty, transfer and other similar taxes 
No Czech stamp duty, registration, transfer or similar taxes will be payable in connection with the 
acquisition, ownership, sale or disposal of Securities by Czech Holders. 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain material French tax considerations relating to Securities issued 
to holders resident in or otherwise subject to tax in France. This information is of general nature and 
aims at addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of income arising from the 
Securities and certain transfer tax implications relevant in case of physical delivery in respect of the 
Securities. This summary is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in France as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive 
effect. Investors should be aware that the summary below is of a general nature and does not constitute 
legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective investors are therefore advised to 
consult their own qualified advisers so as to determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax 
consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or disposal of the Securities. 
Withholding tax 
The following has been prepared on the assumption that the Securities are treated as debt instruments 
for French tax purposes; the Issuer(s) are not (and will not be) French residents for French tax purposes 
and the Securities (and any transaction in connection therewith) are not (and will not be) attributed or 
attributable to a French branch, permanent establishment or fixed place of business in France of either 
Issuer; and that the Holders of the Securities are French tax resident individuals. 
Payments of interest and other similar revenues in respect of the Securities made by either Issuer will be 
made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever 
nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any French political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein. 
However, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French tax code, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) 
is established in France or in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed by the French 
individual Holder to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf, and subject to certain exceptions, 
interest and other similar revenues received by such individual Holder who is fiscally domiciled in France 
are subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax composed of individual income tax at a rate of 12.8 per cent. (which 
is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been 
made) and social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) levied at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per 
cent..

--- Page 1163 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1137
 
Interest or similar revenues must be reported by the French individual Holder in his annual tax return to 
be filed during the following year for final computation of the income tax. 
If the French individual Holder expressly and irrevocably elects to the progressive individual income tax 
regime on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the flat tax, the above-mentioned 30 per cent. flat tax 
withheld would be regarded as a prepayment and further offset against the individual income tax due by 
the taxpayer, in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable 
income of the year of their payment. 
French financial transaction tax and transfer tax 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which are settled, redeemed or repaid by 
way of physical delivery of French shares issued by an issuer whose registered office is located in France 
or certain assimilated securities. 
The French financial transaction tax provided under Article 235 ter ZD of the French tax code (the 
Financial Transaction Tax) is applicable, subject to certain exemptions, at a rate of 0.3 per cent. to any 
acquisitions for consideration of (i) equity securities (titres de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A 
of the French monetary and financial code or assimilated equity securities (titres de capital assimilés) as 
defined by Article L.211-41 of the French monetary and financial code which are listed on a regulated 
market and issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France and whose market capitalisation 
exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of the year preceding the imposition (the French Shares) or (ii) 
securities (titres) representing French Shares, irrespective of the location of the registered office of the 
issuer of such securities. If the Financial Transaction Tax applies to the acquisition of French Shares, this 
transaction is exempt from transfer taxes (droits de mutation à titre onéreux) provided under Article 726 
of the French tax code (the Transfer Taxes) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the sale 
of shares issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France, PROVIDED THAT in case of 
shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, Transfer Taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by 
a written deed or agreement. 
GERMAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities and the receipt of interest thereon. It does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations, which may be relevant to a decision 
to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may 
apply to a particular purchaser. This summary is based on the laws of Germany currently in force and 
as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or 
retrospective effect.  
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific 
terms of such Series or Tranche, the following section only provides some very generic information on 
the possible tax treatment and has to be read in conjunction with the more specific information on the 
taxation of each Series or Tranche of Securities as provided in the applicable Issue Terms. Furthermore, 
the taxation of the different types of Securities may differ from each other. The following summary only 
describes the tax treatment of Securities in general and certain particularities with respect to individual 
types of Securities. Where the term "certificates" is used in the following summary it refers – according 
to a German understanding of the term – to certain types of Securities linked to an underlying. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, the ownership and the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities and 
the receipt of interest thereon, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of 
Germany and each country of which they are residents or citizens or may otherwise be liable to tax. Only 
these advisers will be able to take into account appropriately the details relevant to the taxation of the 
respective holders of the relevant Securities. 
Tax Residents 
Private Investors 
Interest/Capital gains

--- Page 1164 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1138
 
Interest payable on Securities to persons holding such Securities as private assets (Private Investors) 
who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. persons whose residence or habitual abode is located in Germany) 
qualifies as investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) according to Sec. 20 para. 1 German 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) and is, in general, taxed at a separate flat tax rate of 25 per 
cent. according to Sec. 32d para. 1 German Income Tax Act (Abgeltungsteuer, in the following also 
referred to as flat tax), plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax.  
Capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities, including the original issue discount 
and interest having accrued up to the disposition of a Security and credited separately (Accrued Interest, 
(Stückzinsen)), if any, qualify – irrespective of any holding period – as investment income pursuant to 
Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act and are also generally taxed at the flat tax rate of 25 per cent., 
plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. If the Securities are assigned, 
redeemed, repaid or contributed into a corporation by way of a hidden contribution (verdeckte Einlage 
in eine Kapitalgesellschaft) rather than sold, as a rule, such transaction is treated like a sale. 
Capital gains are determined by taking the difference between the sale, assignment or redemption price 
(after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) and 
the acquisition price of the relevant Securities. Where the relevant Securities are issued in a currency 
other than Euro the sale, assignment or redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted 
into Euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on the acquisition date and the sale, 
assignment or redemption date respectively. If the Issuer(s) exercise(s) the right to substitute the Issuer(s) 
of the Securities, the substitution might, for German tax purposes, be treated as an exchange of the 
Securities for new notes issued by the new Issuer(s). Such a substitution could result in the recognition 
of a taxable gain or loss for the respective investors. 
Expenses (other than such expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) 
related to interest payments or capital gains under the Securities are – except for a standard lump sum 
(Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of Euro 1,000 (Euro 2,000 for jointly assessed holders) – in principle not 
deductible. 
According to the flat tax regime losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities can only be 
set-off against other investment income including capital gains. If the set-off is not possible in the 
assessment period in which the losses have been realised, such losses can be carried forward into future 
assessment periods only and can be set-off against investment income including capital gains generated 
in these future assessment periods. The offsetting of losses incurred by a Private Investor is subject to 
several restrictions. Losses incurred with respect to the Securities can only be offset against investment 
income of the Private Investor realised in the same or the following years. Losses from capital claims of 
private investors can now be offset against income derived from capital investments up to an amount of 
EUR20,000.00 p.a. Further, loss from Securities which qualify as derivative transactions 
(Termingeschäfte) may only be applied against profits from other derivative transactions, and only up to 
an amount of EUR20,000.00 in a given year. Losses exceeding any of these thresholds can be carried 
forward. The Federal Fiscal Court (Bundesfinanzhof) considers loss offsetting restrictions for losses on 
the sale of shares to be unconstitutional and has submitted the question by decision of 17 November 2020 
(docket no. VIII R 11/18) to the German Federal Constitutional Court (BVerfG) for a decision on 
constitutionality. 
Particularities apply with respect to so-called full risk certificates with several payment dates. According 
to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesfinanzministerium) dated 19. May 2022 
(IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 11 July 2023 (IV C 1 - S 
2252/19/10003 :013)), all payments to the investor under such full risk certificates that are made prior to 
the final maturity date shall qualify as taxable income from an "other capital receivable" (sonstige 
Kapitalforderung) pursuant to Sec. 20 para 1 no. 7 German Income Tax Act, unless the offering terms 
and conditions stipulate that such payments shall be redemption payments and the parties act accordingly. 
Even if there is no final redemption payment, the final maturity date shall constitute a sale-like event in 
the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act. If no payments are planned for a full risk 
certificate at the time of final maturity because the underlying asset has left a range provided for in the 
issue conditions, or if the certificate is terminated (prematurely) due to the range being left (so-called 
"knock-out certificate") without further capital repayments, this constitutes a redemption at zero and 
therefore also a sale-like event within the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act. The 
acquisition costs of the certificate must be recognised as a loss. The general loss offsetting restrictions

--- Page 1165 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1139
 
(please ref. above) must however be taken into account for the losses. The same applies when the knock-
out threshold is reached. 
Further, the German Federal Ministry of Finance in its decree dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 - S 
2252/19/10003:009, marginal number 61)) (as amended) has taken the position that a bad debt loss 
(Forderungsausfall) and a waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) shall, in general, be treated as a 
sale, so that losses suffered upon such bad debt loss or waiver shall be deductible for tax purposes. It is 
not clear, whether the position of the German tax authorities may affect securities which are linked to a 
reference value in case such value decreases.  
Withholding 
If Securities are held in custody with or administered by a German credit institution, financial services 
institution (including a German permanent establishment of such foreign institution), securities trading 
company or securities trading bank (Disbursing Agent), the flat tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per 
cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be withheld by the Disbursing Agent 
on interest payments and the excess of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption (after the 
deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) over the 
acquisition costs for the relevant Securities (if applicable converted into Euro terms on the basis of the 
foreign exchange rates as of the acquisition date and the sale, assignment or redemption date 
respectively). Church tax is collected by way of withholding as a standard procedure unless the Private 
Investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office 
(Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). 
The Disbursing Agent will provide for the set-off of losses against investment income including capital 
gains from other securities. If, in the absence of sufficient investment income derived through the same 
Disbursing Agent, a set-off is not possible, the holder of Securities may – instead of having a loss carried 
forward into the following year – file an application with the Disbursing Agent until 15 December of the 
current fiscal year for a certification of losses (Verlustbescheinigung) in order to set-off such losses 
against investment income derived through other institutions in the holder's personal income tax return.  
If custody has changed since the acquisition and the acquisition data is not proved as required by Sec. 
43a para. 2 German Income Tax Act or not permitted to be proved, the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be imposed on an amount 
equal to 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Securities.  
In the course of the tax withholding provided for by the Disbursing Agent foreign taxes may be credited 
in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. 
If Securities are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, the flat tax will – by way of 
withholding – apply on interest paid by a Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a coupon (whether or 
not presented with the relevant Security to which it appertains) to a holder of such coupon (other than a 
non-German bank or financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In this case proceeds from the 
sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Securities will also be subject to the withholding of the 
flat tax. 
In general, no flat tax will be levied if the holder of a Security filed a withholding exemption certificate 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent (in the maximum amount of the standard lump sum of 
current Euro 1,000 (Euro 2,000 for jointly assessed holders) to the extent the income does not exceed the 
maximum exemption amount shown on the withholding exemption certificate. Similarly, no flat tax will 
be deducted if the holder of a Security has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a valid certificate of non-
assessment (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) issued by the competent tax office. 
For Private Investors, the withheld flat tax is, in general, definitive. Exceptions apply e.g. if and to the 
extent the actual investment income exceeds the amount which was determined as the basis for the 
withholding of the flat tax by the Disbursing Agent. In such case, the exceeding amount of investment 
income must be included in the Private Investor's income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax in 
the course of the assessment procedure. According to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of 
Finance dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 11 July 
2023 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :013), however, any exceeding amount of not more than Euro 500 per 
assessment period might not be claimed on grounds of equity, provided that no other reasons for an

--- Page 1166 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1140
 
assessment according to Sec. 32d para. 3 German Income Tax Act exist. Further, Private Investors may 
request that their total investment income, together with their other income, is subject to taxation at their 
personal, progressive income tax rate rather than the flat tax rate, if this results in a lower tax liability 
(Günstigerprüfung). According to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income Tax Act the flat tax rate is also 
not available in situations where an abuse of the flat tax rate is assumed (e.g. "back-to-back" financing). 
In order to prove such investment income and the withheld flat tax thereon, the investor may request 
from the Disbursing Agent a respective certificate in officially required form. 
Investment income not subject to the withholding flat tax (e.g. if there is no Disbursing Agent) must be 
included in the personal income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), unless the investor requests the 
investment income to be subject to taxation at lower personal, progressive income tax rate or the 
investment income is not subject to the flat tax rate according to Sec. 32d para. 2 German Income Tax 
Act. Foreign taxes on investment income may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax 
Act. 
Business Investors 
Interest payable on Securities to persons holding the relevant Securities as business assets (Business 
Investors) who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. Business Investors whose residence, habitual abode, 
statutory seat or place of effective management and control is located in Germany) and capital gains from 
the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities, including the original issue discount and Accrued 
Interest, if any, are subject to income tax at the Business Investor's personal, progressive income tax rate 
(plus currently 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), or, in case of 
corporate entities, to corporate income tax at a uniform 15 per cent. tax rate (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon). Such interest payments and capital gains may also be subject to trade tax if the 
relevant Securities form part of the property of a German trade or business. Losses from the sale, 
assignment or redemption of Securities are, in general, recognised for tax purposes; this may be different 
if certain (in particular index linked) Securities qualify as derivative transactions.  
Withholding tax, if any, including solidarity surcharge thereon, is credited as a prepayment against the 
Business Investor's personal, progressive or corporate income tax liability and the solidarity surcharge 
in the course of the tax assessment procedure, i.e. the withholding tax is not definitive. Any potential 
surplus will be refunded. However, in general and subject to further requirements, no withholding 
deduction will apply on capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities if (i) such 
Securities are held by a corporation, association or estate in terms of Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 1 
German Income Tax Act or (ii) the proceeds from such Securities qualify as income of a domestic 
business and the investor notifies this to the Disbursing Agent by use of the required official form 
according to Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act (Erklärung zur Freistellung vom 
Kapitalertragsteuerabzug). 
Where notes qualify as zero bonds and form part of a trade or business, each year the part of the difference 
between the issue or purchase price and the redemption amount attributable to such year must be taken 
into account as income. 
Foreign taxes may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. Alternatively, foreign 
taxes may also be deducted from the tax base for German income tax purposes. 
Non-residents 
Interest payable on Securities and capital gains, including Accrued Interest, if any, are not subject to 
German taxation, unless (i) the relevant Securities form part of the business property of a permanent 
establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed base maintained in Germany by the holder 
of the relevant Securities; (ii) the investment income otherwise constitutes German-source income; or 
(iii) the relevant Securities are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent and interest or 
proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Securities are paid by a Disbursing 
Agent upon presentation of a coupon to a holder of such coupon (other than a non-German bank or 
financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In the cases (i), (ii) and (iii) a tax regime similar to 
that explained above under "Tax Residents" applies.

--- Page 1167 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1141
 
Insofar as the prerequisites for a limited tax liability are not met in the case of a non resident who has 
capital income, no withholding tax is to be withheld by the Disbursing Agent for this income, even if the 
relevant Securities are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent (cf. margin number 313 of the decree 
dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 11 June 2023 (IV 
C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :013)). However, where the investment income is subject to German taxation as 
set forth in the preceding paragraph and the relevant Securities are held in a custodial account with a 
Disbursing Agent or in case of a Tafelgeschäft, withholding tax is levied as explained above under "Tax 
Residents". The withholding tax may be refunded based upon German national tax law or an applicable 
tax treaty. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Security will arise under the laws of Germany if, in the 
case of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary or, in the case of gift tax, neither the 
donor nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Security is not attributable to a trade or business 
for which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, 
in Germany. Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in connection with 
the issuance, delivery, execution or conversion of Securities. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) 
is not levied in Germany. Germany and other EU Member States intend to introduce a financial 
transaction tax (see below). However, it is unclear if and in what form such tax will be actually 
introduced. In case such tax is introduced, the acquisition and disposal of Securities (in the secondary 
market) could be subject to a tax of at least 0.1 per cent. of the acquisition or disposal price. 
EU Residents 
The EU Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income has been repealed as of 
1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of Austria) (in each case subject to transitional arrangements). 
However, the Council of the European Union has also adopted Directive 2014/107/EU (the Amending 
Cooperation Directive), amending Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of 
taxation so as to introduce an extended automatic exchange of information regime in accordance with 
the Global Standard released by the OECD Council as of 1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of 
Austria). Germany has implemented the Amending Cooperation Directive by means of a Financial 
Account Information Act (Finanzkonten-Informationsaustauschgesetz, FKAustG) according to which it 
will provide information on financial accounts to EU Member States and certain other states as of 
1 January 2016. 
Solidarity surcharge 
Please note that the solidarity surcharge was partially abolished as of the assessment period 2021 for 
certain individuals (Law on the return of the solidarity surcharge 1995 of 10 December 2019 - Federal 
Law Gazette 2019 I pg. 2115). The solidarity surcharge shall, however, continue to apply for investment 
income and, thus, on withholding taxes levied. In case the individual income tax burden for a non-
business Holders of Securities tax resident in Germany is lower than 25 per cent. such Holder can apply 
for his/her investment income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-based income tax rate in which 
case solidarity surcharge would be refunded (see above). 
HUNGARIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain Hungarian tax consequences relating to the acquisition 
and ownership of Securities. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is based on laws 
currently in force in Hungary and applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, but subject to change, 
possibly with retrospective effect. The acquisition of Securities by non-Hungarian holders, or the 
payment of interest under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of 
the relevant holder, which is not covered by this summary, but where the provisions of the treaties on the 
avoidance of double taxation should be taken into consideration. Prospective purchasers of Securities

--- Page 1168 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1142
 
are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of Securities, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Hungary 
and each country of which they are residents. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident individual holders) 
Foreign resident individual holders are subject to personal income tax in Hungary if they realise income 
that qualifies as Hungarian sourced income (i) in accordance with an applicable tax treaty; or, (ii) in the 
absence of a tax treaty, in accordance with Act CXVII of 1995 on Personal Income Tax (the Personal 
Income Tax Act).  
If a tax treaty is applicable, then Hungary's taxation right has to be determined based on the treaty. If the 
income is taxable in Hungary – which is generally the case if the income qualifies as interest or dividend 
under the treaty – then 15 per cent. Hungarian withholding tax applies but such tax rate may be reduced 
by the treaty. In the absence of a tax treaty generally any income realised on the Securities is subject to 
15 per cent. withholding tax in Hungary. Please note, however, that the Hungarian tax rules and taxation 
practice are rather ambiguous in relation to source taxation of non-residents' capital income.  
The tax on payments of certain income types are to be withheld by the Payor (kifizető) (as defined 
below). 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation (ART) a Payor means a Hungarian resident legal 
person, organisation or private entrepreneur who provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, Payor means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. The Hungarian permanent 
establishment of a foreign resident entity is also considered as a Payor.  
Interest, as defined by Schedule 7 of the ART (which implements the provisions of the Savings 
Directive), realised on Securities by citizens of any other Member State is not subject to Hungarian tax 
where a paying agent based in Hungary provides data to the Hungarian state tax authority on the basis of 
Schedule 7 of the ART. 
Please note that the provisions of the applicable double tax conventions, if any, should be considered 
when assessing the Hungarian tax liabilities of a foreign resident individual holder. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident corporate holders) 
Proceeds from Securities paid to foreign resident corporate holders who do not have a permanent 
establishment in Hungary, by resident legal entities or other persons and any capital gains realised by 
such foreign resident holders on the sale of the Securities is not subject to tax in Hungary. 
The tax liability of a foreign resident corporate holder, which has a permanent establishment in Hungary 
is limited, in general, to the income from business activities realised through its Hungarian permanent 
establishment. 
Taxation of Hungarian resident individual holders 
The tax liability of Hungarian tax resident private individuals covers the worldwide income of such 
persons.  
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of tax resident individual holders 
of Securities, interest, dividends and the capital gains realised upon the redemption or the sale of publicly 
offered and publicly traded debt securities is subject to personal income tax at the rate of 15 per cent.. 
Securities listed on a regulated market of a Member State are considered publicly offered and traded 
Securities. In addition, Government decree 205/2023 (v. 31.) entered into force on 1 July 2023, according 
to which the private person is liable to pay social contribution tax on any interest income (as specified 
under section 65 of the Personal Income Tax Act) as calculated on the basis of the personal income tax 
accrued on interest income, if the date of acquisition of the Securities on which the interest income is 
based is later than 30 June 2023. Consequently, the interest income generated on the Securities acquired

--- Page 1169 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1143
 
by a Hungarian resident private individual after 30 June 2023 and taxable in Hungary is subject to social 
contribution tax at the rate of 13 per cent.. 
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement upon the 
"Payor" (kifizető) (as defined below) to withhold tax on the certain payments to individual holders.  
Pursuant to the ART the definition of a Payor covers a Hungarian resident legal person, other 
organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, Payor means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. In respect of income that 
is earned in a foreign country and taxable in Hungary, "Payor" shall mean the "paying agent" (megbízott) 
(legal person, organisation or private entrepreneur) having tax residency in Hungary, except in cases 
where the role of a financial institution is limited to performing the bank transfer or payment.  
Taxation of Hungarian resident corporate holders 
Under Act LXXXI of 1996 on Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax, Hungarian resident taxpayers have a 
full, all-inclusive tax liability. In general, resident entities are those established under the laws of Hungary 
(i.e. having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place of management in Hungary 
are also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. 
In general, interest and capital gains realised by Hungarian resident corporate holder on Securities will 
be taxable in the same way as the regular income of the relevant holder. The general corporate tax rate 
in Hungary is flat 9 per cent. 
Financial institutions, financial enterprises, insurance companies and investment enterprises may be 
subject to local business tax and innovation tax on the basis of the proceeds realised on Securities. 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax and stamp duty tax consequences of 
ownership of the Securities. It is based on the laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently 
in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be subject to change. The statements 
in this summary are based on the understanding that Securities will be treated as debt for Irish tax 
purposes. This summary applies to Holders who beneficially own Securities as an investment and who 
are not associated with the Issuers (otherwise than by virtue of holding the Securities). Particular rules 
not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Securities including dealers in 
Securities and trusts. This summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are 
of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any 
particular holder of Securities. Prospective investors in any Securities should consult their professional 
advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of Securities and the receipt 
of payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
Taxation of Holders 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer(s) will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax 
from payments of interest on any Securities so long as such payments do not constitute Irish 
source income. Interest paid on Securities should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer(s) is/are resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer(s) has/have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or 
income of which is used to fund the payments on such Securities; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer(s) is/are not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for such 
Securities is maintained in Ireland.

--- Page 1170 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1144
 
It is anticipated that (i) none of the Issuer(s) are, or will be, resident in Ireland for tax purposes; 
(ii) none of the Issuer(s) will have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) none 
of the Issuer(s) will maintain a register of any Registered Securities in Ireland. 
(b) 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per 
cent.) on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, 
funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends 
or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax will not apply where the beneficial holder of the Securities (i) is not resident in 
Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or 
(ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
(c) 
Stamp Duty on Transfer of Securities 
As the Issuer(s) will not be registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document 
effecting a transfer of the Securities so long as (i) the Securities do not derive their value or the 
greater part of their value directly or indirectly from any immovable property situated in Ireland 
and (ii) the instrument of transfer of the Securities does not relate to: 
(i) 
any immovable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such property; 
or 
(ii) 
any stocks or marketable securities of a company which is registered in Ireland (other 
than a company which is (i) an "investment undertaking" within the meaning of section 
739B of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 (TCA) or (ii) a "qualifying company" within 
the meaning of Sections 110 of the TCA. 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is a summary of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of Securities. The 
statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or 
dispose of Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories 
of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.  
Prospective Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities, including in 
particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same 
English term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed 
by using the relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English 
terms. 
Prospected tax changes 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023 published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 (Law 111) 
delegated the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more 
legislative decrees implementing a reform of the Italian tax legislation (the Tax Reform). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform is expected to significantly impact the tax regimes of financial 
instruments including bonds and debentures similar to bonds. 
The aim of the Tax Reform is, inter alia, to harmonize the tax treatment of financial instruments, by 
introducing a single category of financial income that includes both capital income and other income of

--- Page 1171 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1145
 
a financial nature and allowing for the possibility of offsetting income and losses and carrying forward 
any excess losses to subsequent fiscal years. 
The nature, extent, and impact of these prospected changes cannot be foreseen and/or assessed with 
certainty at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
As a result, the information provided in this Base Prospectus may not be comprehensive and compliant 
with the future tax landscape. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that any potential changes to the tax regime of 
interest income and capital gains could potentially lead to an increased tax cost and, consequently, result 
in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax 
consequences described above. 
Italian tax treatment of the Securities 
The Securities may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a use of capital (impiego di capitale), through which 
the Holder transfers to the Issuer(s) a certain amount of capital, for the economic exploitation 
of the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such amount at 
maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, 
through which the Holders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments. 
Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" 
Securities which provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or upon early redemption) 
Italian-resident Holders 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (Decree No. 239) provides for 
the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the category 
of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) (i) issued, inter 
alia, by companies with shares listed on an EU or EEA regulated market or multilateral trading facility, 
or in case of issuers whose shares are not listed therein (ii) listed in the aforesaid EU or EEA regulated 
market or multilateral trading facility or (iii) held by "qualified investors" pursuant to Article 100 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998. 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as debentures that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not less than their principal amount (whether 
or not providing for interim payments) that do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in 
the management of the relevant Issuer(s) or of the business in relation to which they are issued nor any 
type of control on such management and that do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked 
to the profits of the issuer, or other companies belonging to the same group or to the business in respect 
of which the securities have been issued. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the relevant Securities are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership pursuant to Article 5 of the 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (TUIR) (i.e. partnership other than a società in nome 
collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium 
and other income relating to Securities, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to tax, 
referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent. All the above categories are qualified 
as "net recipients" (unless the Holders referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) above have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Securities, to an authorised intermediary and have 
opted for the so called "risparmio gestito" regime according to Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 
of 21 November 1997, as amended (Decree No. 461) – see "Capital Gains Tax" below). In the event that

--- Page 1172 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1146
 
Holders described under (i), (ii) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
relevant Securities are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Securities if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is a company or similar commercial entity pursuant to Article 73 of 
TUIR or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which Securities are effectively 
connected and such Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other 
income from such Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
relevant Holder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) 
and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Holder, also to the regional tax on 
productive activities (IRAP). 
Under the regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law No. 410 
of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 
and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment funds 
established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (the 
Real Estate Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands 
of the Real Estate Funds PROVIDED THAT the Securities are timely deposited directly or indirectly 
with an authorised intermediary. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of up 
to 26 per cent. (the Real Estate Fund Tax) on distributions made by a Real Estate Fund and, in certain 
cases, a tax transparency regime may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate 
Fund owning more than 5 per cent. of the Real Estate Fund's units or shares.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a 
Real Estate Fund) a SICAF (an investment company with fixed share capital other than a Real Estate 
Fund) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) established in Italy (the Fund) and 
either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the 
relevant Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income 
accrued during the holding period on such Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must 
be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such 
results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent., will apply, in certain circumstances to distributions made in 
favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax). 
Where an Italian resident Holder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of 
the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and Securities are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to such Securities and accrued during the 
holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (the Pension 
Fund Tax). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, interest, premium and other income may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1 (92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Securities are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(SIMs), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities 
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an Intermediary) as subsequently 
amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (c) an entity or a 
company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and 
directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed

--- Page 1173 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1147
 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of interest or in the transfer of Securities. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Securities includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Securities or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which such Securities are deposited. 
Where the Securities are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any entity paying interest to a Holder. If interest, premium and other income on the Securities 
are not collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva 
is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners qualified as "net recipient" will be required to include 
interest, premium and other income in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26 per cent. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments of interest or premium relating to the Securities 
that qualify as obbligazioni or tioli similari alle obbligazioni to a non-Italian resident Holder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are affectively connected. 
If the Securities are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in case an Italian resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of 
interest or premium on such Securities, to ensure payment of interest or premium without application of 
Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Holder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other 
intermediary a self-declaration stating that he/she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Capital Gains Tax – Italian Resident Holders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities would be treated as part 
of the taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Holder, also as part 
of the net value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the relevant 
Securities are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the relevant Securities are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is (i) an individual not holding Securities in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution any capital gain realised by such Holder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of such 
Securities would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Under some 
conditions and limitations, Holders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Securities, if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as subsequently 
amended and restated from time to time. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one 
of the three regimes described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Holders 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative 
basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident Holders pursuant 
to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the relevant Securities carried out during any given tax 
year. These Holders must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant 
incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any 
balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward

--- Page 1174 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1148
 
against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. As an alternative to the tax 
declaration regime, Italian resident individual Holders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the 
relevant Securities (the "risparmio amministrato" regime provided for by Article 6 of the Decree No. 
461. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) Securities being deposited with 
Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express valid election for 
the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Holder. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities (as well as in respect of capital gains realised 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from 
the proceeds to be credited to the Holder or using funds provided by the Holder for this purpose. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under 
the risparmio amministrato regime, the Holder is not required to declare the capital gains in its annual 
tax return. Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Holders under (i) to (iii) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including Securities, to an authorised intermediary 
and have validly opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime (regime provided by Article 7 of 
Decree No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Holder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return. 
Italian Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to the Real Estate Fund Tax; in certain cases, a tax transparency regime 
may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate Fund owning more than 5 per 
cent. of the Real Estate Fund's units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder which is a Fund will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but 
the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply under certain circumstances. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject 
to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of the Securities may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1 (92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Securities are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Capital Gains Tax – Non-Italian Resident Holders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders from the sale or redemption of Securities are not 
subject to Italian taxation, PROVIDED THAT the relevant Securities (i) are traded on regulated markets, 
or (ii) if not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy. 
Moreover, even if the Securities are held in Italy, no Italian imposta sostitutiva applies on any capital 
gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Securities if the non-Italian resident 
beneficial owner of the Securities with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are 
effectively connected is resident for tax purposes in a State or territory which allows an adequate 
exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities and is listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree 
dated 4 September 1996 as amended and supplemented from time to time (last amendment being made 
by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 March 2017) (the White List). The same exemption applies where 
the beneficial owners of the Securities are (i) international entities or organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors

--- Page 1175 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1149
 
established in countries included in the White List, even if they do not have the status of taxpayers in 
their own country of residence; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected elect for the risparmio gestito or 
are subject to the risparmio amministrato, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon 
condition that they provide in time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-
declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. Additional 
statements may be required for non-Italian resident Holders who are institutional investors. 
Non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Securities are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of 
Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities. In such a case, in order to 
benefit from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Holders who hold 
the Securities with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio 
gestito or are subject to the risparmio amministrato, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian 
authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement from the 
competent tax authorities of the country of residence. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the risparmio amministrato shall automatically apply, unless 
it is expressly waived, where the Securities are deposited in custody or administration with an Italian 
resident authorised financial intermediary or permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a 
foreign intermediary. 
Payments made by a non-resident guarantor 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident Holders by a non-Italian resident guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the Italian non-resident 
guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the Issuer(s) and would thus 
be subject to the tax regime described in the following paragraphs of this section. 
Securities which do not provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or upon early 
redemption) 
Italian-resident Holders 
In case of Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not guarantee the total 
reimbursement of the principal, under Italian tax law they should qualify as "atypical securities" (titoli 
atipici) pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 (Decree No. 512) and payments in respect 
of such Securities received by Italian Holders would be subject to the following regime: 
(a) 
if the Securities are placed (collocati) in Italy, payments made to individual Holder holding the 
Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity will be subject to a 26 per cent. 
final withholding tax. This withholding tax is levied by the entrusted Italian resident bank or 
financial intermediary, if any, that is involved in the collection of payments on the Securities, 
in the repurchase or in the transfer of the Securities; 
(b) 
if the Securities are not placed (collocati) in Italy or in any case where payments on the 
Securities are not received through an entrusted Italian resident bank or financial intermediary 
(that is involved in the collection of payments on the Securities, in the repurchase or in the 
transfer thereof) and no withholding tax is levied, the individual beneficial owners will be 
required to declare the payments in their income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26 per cent. The Italian individual Holder may elect instead to pay ordinary 
IRPEF at the progressive rates applicable to them in respect of the payments; if so, the Holder 
should generally benefit from a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other

--- Page 1176 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1150
 
income relating to the Securities that are classified as atypical securities, if the Securities are included in 
a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to payments made to Italian resident Holder which is (i) 
an Italian resident commercial partnership, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of a foreign entity to which the 
Securities are effectively connected) and (iii) a commercial private or public institution. In particular, in 
such cases, payments must be included in the relevant Holder's ordinary Italian taxable business taxation 
and the Holders are generally entitled to benefit from tax credit for any withholding tax applied outside 
Italy. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
No Italian withholding tax is applied on payments of interest or premium relating to the Securities issued 
by the issuer that qualify as "atypical securities" (titoli atipici) to a non-Italian resident Holder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are affectively connected. 
If the Securities are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in case an Italian resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of 
interest or premium on such Securities, to ensure payment of interest or premium without application of 
Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Holder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other 
intermediary a self-declaration stating that he/she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Securities representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial 
instruments 
Italian-resident Holders 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by 
Italian investors (not engaged in a commercial activity (esercizio di attività commerciali) to which the 
Securities are connected) as well as capital gains realised by such Italian investors on any sale or transfer 
for consideration of the Securities or redemption thereof are subject to a 26 per cent. capital gain tax, 
which applies under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), the risparmio 
amministrato tax regime or the risparmio gestito tax regime according to the same rules described above 
under the section "Capital Gains Tax" above. 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by 
Italian investors which carry out commercial activities are not subject to the 26 per cent. capital gain tax, 
but are included in the relevant Holder's ordinary Italian taxable business taxation and the Holders are 
generally entitled to benefit from tax credit for any capital gain tax applied outside Italy. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Holders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities executed on 
regulated markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to Italian taxation, regardless of whether the Securities 
are held in Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital 
gains, non-Italian resident Holders who hold the Securities with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio amministrato tax regime or are subject to the 
risparmio gestito regime, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) that they are not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities not executed on 
regulated markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be 
taxable in Italy, if the Securities are held in Italy. In that case, the tax regime applicable to Securities 
representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments is the same 
described above under the caption "Capital Gains Tax – Non-Italian Resident Holders".

--- Page 1177 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1151
 
Securities that cannot be qualified as securitised derivative financial instruments, may qualify as "atypical 
securities" (titoli atipici), whose tax regime is described under section "Securities representing debt 
instruments implying a "use of capital" - Securities which do not provide for full reimbursement of the 
issue price (at maturity or upon early redemption)" above. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, EUR 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
EUR 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, EUR 1,500,000. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended 
and restated from time to time, are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of EUR 200; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use (caso d'uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the Decree No. 201), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients for the Securities deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a 
rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed EUR 14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals; this stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the nominal 
value or redemption amount of the Securities held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2021) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers 
at least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Securities outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE). Starting from 
2020, Law No. 160 of 27 December 2019 has provided for the extension of the application scope of 
IVAFE to Italian resident non-commercial entities, simple partnership and equivalent entities, in addition 
to Italian resident individuals. The IVAFE rate is increased to 0.40 per cent. in case of financial products 
held in states or territories listed as having a privileged tax regime under Ministerial Decree of 4 may 
1999.

--- Page 1178 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1152
 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value of such Securities held outside the 
Italian territory or where the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value 
of the Securities. The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at EUR 14,000 per year for taxpayers other 
than individuals. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the IVAFE due). The 
financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if administered by Italian 
financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Italian resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax 
return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Securities held 
abroad (or beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering provisions). This also applies 
in the case that at the end of the tax year, Securities are no longer held by the above Italian resident 
individuals and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required with respect to Securities deposited for 
management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into 
through their intervention, PROVIDED THAT the same intermediaries apply a withholding tax or 
imposta sostitutiva on any income derived from the Securities. 
Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) depending on the features of the Securities 
Pursuant to Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, a FTT applies to (a) transfer of ownership of shares and 
other participating securities issued by Italian resident companies or of financial instruments representing 
the just mentioned shares and/or participating securities (irrespective of whether issued by Italian resident 
issuers or not) (the Relevant Securities), (b) transactions on financial derivatives (i) the main underlying 
assets of which are the Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose value depends mainly on one or more Relevant 
Securities, as well as to (c) any transaction on certain securities (i) which allow to mainly purchase or 
sell one or more Relevant Securities or (ii) implying a cash payment determined with main reference to 
one or more Relevant Securities. 
Securities could be included in the scope of application of the FTT if they meet the requirements set out 
above. On the other hand, Securities falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are not included in the scope of the FTT. 
The FTT on derivative instruments is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the 
relevant instrument and the notional value of the transaction, and ranges between Euro 0.01875 and Euro 
200 per transaction. The amount of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the 
transaction is performed on regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities of certain EU and EEA 
member States. The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. FTT exemptions 
and exclusions are provided for certain transactions and entities. 
The FTT is levied and paid by the subject (generally a financial intermediary) that is involved, in any 
way, in the execution of the transaction. Intermediaries which are not resident in Italy but are liable to 
apply the FTT can appoint an Italian tax representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary 
is involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT must be paid by the taxpayers. Investors are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers also on the possible impact of the FTT. 
POLISH TAXATION 
General Information 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in 
Poland or which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax 
advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, it may thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change 
may negatively affect the tax treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to be 
complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their individual 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their professional tax adviser

--- Page 1179 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1153
 
regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without 
consideration of Securities. 
The reference to interest as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or any 
other term, respectively, as understood in Polish tax law. 
For the purpose of this Section: 
Affiliated Entities shall mean: 
(i) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other entity; or 
(ii) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by:  
(A) 
the same other entity; or  
(B) 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a natural 
person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; or 
(iii) 
a partnership without legal personality and its partners (partner); or 
(iv) 
limited partnerships and limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or 
management in the territory of the Republic of Poland and its general partner; or 
(v) 
specific general partnerships with their registered office or management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland and its partner; or 
(vi) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group - a 
company being its part and its foreign establishment. 
(each of being a manifestation of an existence of an Affiliation) 
Exercising a Significant Influence shall mean: 
(i) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
(A) 
shares in the capital; or 
(B) 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies; or 
(C) 
shares in or rights to participate in the profits, losses or the property or their expectative, 
including participation units and investment certificates; or 
(ii) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a legal person 
or an organisational unit without legal personality, or 
(iii) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the PIT Act), natural persons, if 
residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the 
location of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has their centre 
of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days in a 
year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(a) 
Interest income and income from the Issuer's redemption of Securities on which periodic 
benefits are due

--- Page 1180 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1154
 
Under Art. 30a.1.2 and Art. 30a.1.2a of the PIT Act interest income and income from the issuer's 
redemption of Securities on which periodic benefits are due is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate 
tax. 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, from Securities 
and income from the issuer's redemption of Securities which periodic benefits are due derived 
by a Polish tax resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the 
progressive tax rate but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act is subject to tax at a flat rate of 19 per 
cent.. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, 
but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish 
tax liability. Particular double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax 
settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within 
the scope of their business activity, s obliged to collect flat-rate income tax on payments made 
(benefits) or on the money or money equivalents made available to the taxpayer.  
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, acting 
as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been 
earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through said entities; These rules should also 
apply to the entities indicated in Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act (non-residents), to the extent they 
conduct their business activity through a foreign establishment located within the territory of 
Poland, if the account on which given securities are recorded is connected with the activity of 
that establishment. Consequently, foreign entities that do not operate through a Polish 
permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms, not acting through Polish permanent 
establishments, should not be obliged to withhold the tax. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax 
resident should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect those 
cases to be analogous to those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income 
(revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income 
(revenues) from:  
1. 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of 
the place where remuneration is paid; 
2. 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
3. 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
4. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such 
property; 
5. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic 
of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from 
the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from 
them; 
5.1 
redemption, repurchase, buy-out and otherwise annihilation of participation titles 
in capital funds established on the basis of the provisions in force in the Republic 
of Poland and sale of these participation titles for a fee; 
6. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a 
partnership without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a collective

--- Page 1181 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1155
 
investment undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from 
receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, 
participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, 
partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is 
constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of 
Poland, or rights to such immovable properties;  
7. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar 
rights in a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
8. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having 
their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of 
Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding and performing the agreement; and the 
income (revenue) referred to in this point is considered to be the revenue listed in Art. 
29.1 of the PIT Act, if they do not constitute income (revenue) referred to in points (i)-
(vii) above; Art. 29.1 of the PIT Act lists, among others, interest income other than those 
mentioned in Art. 30a.1 of the PIT Act (which, in turn, refers to interest and discount on 
securities and income from the issuer's redemption of bonds on which periodic benefits 
are due); and 
9. 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income 
(revenues) not listed above is sourced in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a 
Polish tax resident individual from the Securities is considered to be income sourced in Poland 
and whether the entity operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. 
Since the Issuer(s) is not a Polish entity, as a rule, interest from the Securities should not be 
considered as earned in the territory of Poland, unless specific situation occurs (e.g. the 
Securities are admitted to public trading in Poland). 
It should not be expected that the Issuer(s) will collect the withholding tax. 
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual 
is obliged to settle the tax themselves in their annual tax return. Under Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, 
the annual tax return should be submitted by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts 
(within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, hereinafter 
Omnibus Accounts). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in 
Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the 
amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income. The tax 
is charged on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. 
This rule also applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their business through a foreign 
establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that the securities account is linked. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Securities referred 
to herein) registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax 
remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the 
Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such 
taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. These rules should also apply to the entities 
indicated in Art. 3.2. of the CIT Act to the extent that they conduct business activity through a 
foreign establishment located within the territory of Poland, if the account on which given 
securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. Consequently, 
foreign entities that do not operate through a Polish permanent establishment, e.g. foreign

--- Page 1182 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1156
 
investment firms not acting through Polish permanent establishments, should not be obliged to 
withhold the tax. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest 
(discount) on securities (including the Securities referred to herein) in the annual tax return if 
the Securities were registered in Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed 
to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, 
but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish 
tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
(b) 
Income from the Securities other than interest  
Income other than interest, including income from transfer of Securities against a consideration, 
derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as the Securities, 
held as non-business assets, qualify as capital gains according to Article 17 of the PIT Act. Such 
income does not cumulate with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is 
subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. Under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act the income from disposal 
of securities is calculated as the difference between the sum of revenues from a transfer of 
securities against a consideration and tax deductible costs, calculated on the basis of the relevant 
provisions of the PIT Act under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act. Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of 
the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid reason significantly deviates 
from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax authority or fiscal control 
authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the 
Securities) against a consideration. Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end 
of April of the year following the tax year in which the income was earned. No tax or tax 
advances are withheld by the person making the payments. 
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus 
of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the 
individuals themselves. 
In principal, if an individual holds the Securities as a business asset, in principle, in accordance 
with Art. 30b.3 of the PIT Act the income should be taxed, the same way as other business 
income. This will either be tax, at 19 per cent. rate or the 12 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive 
tax rate depending upon the choice and the meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by 
the individuals themselves. 
Furthermore, business income is subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus 
of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the 
individuals themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the CIT Act) the entire income 
of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in 
Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organised 
and continuous manner on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on: 
(i) 
an agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or functioning of 
the taxpayer; or 
(ii) 
powers of attorney; or 
(iii) 
Affiliations.

--- Page 1183 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1157
 
Income (revenue) from the Securities, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax following the same 
general principles as those which apply to any other income received from business activity within the 
same source of income. As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as revenue on a 
cash basis, i.e. when it is received and not when it has accrued. Income from a transfer of securities 
against a consideration is in principle their value expressed in the price specified in the contract. 
According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, 
significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in 
the amount of the market value. In the case of income from the transfer of securities against a 
consideration, tax deductible costs are generally recognised when the corresponding revenue has been 
achieved. The taxpayer itself (without the remitter's participation) settles income tax on interest/discount 
and on the transfer of securities against a consideration, which is settled along with other income from 
the taxpayer's business activity within the same source of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Securities, including 
their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT 
Act). In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is included 
in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b (2) of the CIT Act). 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. for a 
regular corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers, i.e. taxpayers with revenues 
in the tax year not exceeding EUR 2 million (with certain exceptions listed in Art. 19.1a-1e of the CIT 
Act), taking into consideration the appropriate source of income (the lower rate does not apply to incomes 
classified as capital incomes – Art. 7b of the CIT Act). 
Although Polish corporate income taxpayers should not be subject to Polish withholding tax, such tax 
may be withheld, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus 
Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed 
to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-
rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of 
all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident 
corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax adviser. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated 
in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double 
tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Securities held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax only 
on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland. 
Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall 
include in particular income (revenues) from: 
1. 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland; 
2. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
3. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them;

--- Page 1184 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1158
 
4. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
5. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a 
real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
6. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
7. 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT 
Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident from the Securities is considered to be income sourced in Poland. However, since the Issuer(s) 
is/are not a Polish entity, income from the Securities should not be considered as earned in Poland 
and no Polish withholding tax should apply, unless specific circumstances occur, e.g. the Securities 
are admitted to public trading in Poland. 
If income from the Securities is considered as sourced in Poland, the following applies: 
(a) 
Special Exemption for interest obtained by non-Polish tax residents on Securities meeting 
special conditions and the Remittance Exemption 
I. 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject 
to limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on securities: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year; and 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system 
within the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in 
the territory of Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax 
convention concluded with Poland which regulates the taxation of income from 
dividends, interest and royalties; 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity, within the meaning of the transfer pricing law, of the 
Issuer(s) of such securities, and holds, directly or indirectly, together with other Affiliated 
Entities, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value of those securities (the Special 
Exemption). 
Under Art. 26.1aa and 1ae of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest 
or discount in respect of the Securities eligible for Special Exemption, provided that the issuer 
submits to the tax authority a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing 
Affiliated Entities (excluding entities whose Affiliations result solely from connections with the 
State Treasury (Skarb Państwa) or local government units or their associations), about the 
exemption conditions applying to those Affiliated Entities (the Remittance Exemption). 
According to Art. 26.1af of the CIT Act, the declaration referred to above is submitted once in 
relation to a given Securities issue, no later than the date of payment of interest or discount on

--- Page 1185 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1159
 
these securities. At the payer's request, the issuer is obliged to confirm its submission (Art. 
26.1ag of the CIT Act). 
The declaration is submitted in electronic form corresponding to the logical structure available 
in the Public Information Bulletin on the website of the office serving the minister responsible 
for public finances (Art. 26.7j of the CIT Act). 
II. 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-27 of the PIT 
Act) with certain differences. 
From 1 January 2024, besides interest (discount) and income from disposal of securities for 
remuneration, a new category of income has been introduced: income from the issuer's 
redemption of notes on which periodic benefits are due (Art. 17.1.3a) of the PIT Act). However, 
the scope of the exemption for non-residents, referred to above (Art. 21.1.130c of the PIT Act, 
which is analogous to the exemption under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act) has not been amended. 
Therefore, it is reasonable to assume that the exemption under Art. 21.1.130c of the PIT Act 
does not cover income from the issuer's redemption of notes on which periodic benefits are due. 
This income is calculated as the difference between the amount obtained from the redemption 
of notes together with the benefits obtained for the last period before the redemption of these 
notes and the expenses incurred for acquiring or purchasing these notes on the primary or 
secondary market by the taxpayer or the testator (excluding expenses on acquisition of benefits 
that are not taxable) (Art. 24.24 of the PIT Act). 
Also, the Remittance Exemption under PIT regulations is limited from 1 January 2024, because 
the tax remitters being entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus Accounts are obliged 
to withhold tax with respect to income (revenue) obtained by Polish tax resident natural persons 
(Art. 41.24 in fine of the PIT Act). These remitters include entities being Polish tax residents as 
well as non-Polish tax residents conducting business activities through a foreign establishment 
located in the territory of the Republic of Poland, if the account on which the securities are 
recorded is related to the activities of this establishment (Art. 41.4d and 41.10 of the PIT Act).  
It must be noted that under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus 
Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on 
Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from 
the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the 
Omnibus Account holder. 
Therefore, if the entities operating Omnibus Accounts acting as tax remitters are not able to 
identify the natural person ie whether it is or not tax resident in Poland, they may withhold tax 
at full rate on income from notes that would otherwise be eligible for the Special Exemption. 
(b) 
Failure to meet the conditions for the Special Exemption 
In the absence of the Special Exemption referred to above, the following rules apply. 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the 
Securities earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in 
the case of corporate income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case 
of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act).  
Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other than individuals not acting within the 
scope of their business activity, are obliged, as tax remitters, to collect, lump-sum income tax 
on those payments on the day they are made. When verifying the conditions for the application 
of a withholding tax rate, exemption or the conditions for the non-collection of tax resulting 
from special provisions or double tax treaties, the remitter must exercise due diligence. When 
assessing the exercise of due diligence, the nature and scale of activity conducted by the remitter 
as well as its Affiliation with the taxpayer must be taken into account. Similar provisions are 
provided in Art. 41.4-4aa of the PIT Act.

--- Page 1186 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1160
 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus 
Accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such 
interest income (revenue) was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in 
said accounts, and the interest payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities. Although 
it is considered that foreign entities do not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed 
provision, this obligation applies to non-residents to the extent they operate a permanent 
establishment in Poland and the account, on which securities are registered, is linked to the 
activity of this permanent establishment. Similar provisions concerning interest payments to 
individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act.  
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to 
income (revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the 
PIT Act). To benefit from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer 
should present a valid certificate of its tax residence. As a rule, the tax residence certificate is 
considered valid for twelve consecutive months from its date of issue. Tax remitters may require 
additional documentation in order to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described above, 
such as the confirmation of the recipient's beneficial owner status towards the interest payments. 
Moreover, tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners. Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 of 
the CIT Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an entity 
meeting all of the following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently 
about its purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable 
or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity legally or actually 
obliged to transfer the receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
it conducts actual business activity in the country of its registration, (country of 
domiciliation in case of the PIT Act), if the receivables are obtained in connection with 
the conducted business activity, whereas when assessing whether the entity conducts 
actual business activity, the nature and scale of such activity in the scope of received 
receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner does not refer to and Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act 
and Art. 30f. 20 of the PIT Act those are the only places in the income tax legislation where 
actual business activity is defined. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will 
be taken into account by the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status. Those 
factors include: 
(i) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing 
enterprise that actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in 
particular, it possesses premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for performing 
business activity; 
(ii) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any 
business activity; 
(iii) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of its 
actual business activity; 
(iv) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have 
economic justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business 
interest of the taxpayer; and 
(v) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, 
including managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency.  
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income 
tax on capital gains, including income from the sale of securities obtained in Poland by a tax

--- Page 1187 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1161
 
resident of a given country. The interest treatment differs under particular double tax treaties, 
some of them providing for general exemption, limiting the exemption to certain categories of 
recipients or providing for a reduced rate of tax (which may also vary depending on the 
recipient). 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Also, 
in cases where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax 
residents (natural persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to 
interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be 
withheld. Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading 
in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the 
aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus 
Account holder. Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus 
Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on 
Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from 
the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the 
Omnibus Account holder. If such tax is withheld for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to 
receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax adviser. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a foreign 
establishment in Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law 
should apply that are analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with 
some necessary additional requirements (e.g. the requirement to present the interest payer with 
a certificate of tax residence along with a declaration that the interest is related to the 
establishment's activities). 
Pay & Refund 
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption, 
the following regime applies. 
(a) 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on 
account of the items listed in Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act (including interest / discount on 
securities) and Art. 22.1 of the CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds PLN 2,000,000 in the tax 
year of the payer, payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a 
flat-rate income tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on securities) 
from the excess over that amount, without being able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an 
appropriate double tax treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or rates resulting 
from special regulations or double tax treaties (hereinafter the Pay & Refund). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 
months, the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of 
PLN 2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment 
was made; if the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, 
the Pay & Refund shall apply accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, 
with respect to the payer's other period with features specific to the financial year, not longer 
however than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts 
or Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 7 
days before the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations between 
them and the taxpayer and about exceeding the amount of PLN 2,000,000. Entities providing 
this information are required to update it before making the payment in the event of a change in 
the circumstances covered by the information. In addition, in accordance with Art. 26.2ed of the 
CIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in section 2c, the excess amount and the existence of 
Affiliations will be determined by the entity keeping securities accounts or Omnibus Account.

--- Page 1188 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1162
 
The entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts does not take into consideration the 
amounts of payments on which tax was collected in accordance with Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine 
whether the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are 
converted into PLN at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland on 
the last business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same 
taxpayer, it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Pay & Refund applies.  
Under Art. 26.7a of the CIT Act, the Pay & Refund does not apply if the payer has declared 
that: 
(a) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax 
exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; 
(b) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding tax 
rate resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any 
grounds for the assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of 
applying the tax rate or tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double 
tax treaties, in particular it is not aware of the existence of circumstances preventing the 
fulfilment of certain conditions referred to in other regulations, including the fact that the 
interest/discount recipient is their beneficial owner and, if the interest/discount is 
obtained in connection with the business activity conducted by the taxpayer, that in the 
country of tax residence the taxpayer carries on the actual business activity. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act 
or a designated member of such head being a collegiate body (e.g. the Issuer's management 
board). The declaration cannot be made by proxy. The declaration is to be made by in electronic 
form not later than on the last day of the second month following the month in which the 
threshold specified above was exceeded, however, the performance of this obligation after the 
payment is made does not release the payer from the obligation to exercise due diligence before 
the payment is made. (Art. 26.7b and 26.7c of the CIT Act). 
In the case of withholding tax being a result of the Pay & Refund, if double tax treaties or special 
regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the 
taxpayer has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, e.g. as 
a result of a gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant 
documents and declarations. When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities 
shall carry it out within six months. 
Pay & Refund does not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable to Securities 
meeting certain conditions For the Remittance Exemption above.  
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 28 December 2022 regarding the 
exclusion of the obligation to collect flat-rate corporate income tax (the Regulation), in respect 
of securities held on securities accounts or Omnibus Accounts, until 31 December 2024 the 
application of the Pay & Refund regime is excluded to interest payable to taxpayers having their 
registered office or management outside the territory of the Republic of Poland. 
(b) 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which 
provides for an analogous Pay & Refund, while the Regulation of the Minister of Finance of 28 
December 2022 regarding the exclusion of the obligation to collect flat-rate personal income 
tax is the equivalent of the Regulation. It should be noted, however, that the scope of the 
Remittance Exemption under PIT is different than under CIT. 
(c) 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens

--- Page 1189 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1163
 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain 
capital profits (e.g. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to 
a corporate entity resident for tax purposes in a tax haven, such tax remitter is obliged to 
withhold tax at 19 per cent. rate calculated from the amount being paid out. 
The list of the tax havens is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 28 March 
2019 on identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition for corporate 
taxation purposes. 
ROMANIAN TAXATION  
The following text is a high-level summary of certain Romanian tax aspects and considerations relating 
to the Securities. 
This information is of a general nature and it does not purport to be a comprehensive analysis of all 
relevant tax aspects that has to be considered when deciding to invest in Securities. This summary is 
based on the provisions of the Romanian fiscal legislation in force as of 18 June 2024. 
This summary does not describe any tax aspects resulting from the tax laws of any other state than 
Romania. 
Investors are, under all circumstances, strongly advised to contact their own tax adviser to clarify the 
individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Securities. 
The summary below assumes that the Issuer(s) of the Securities is/are not a tax resident in Romania and 
the Securities are not issued via a Romanian branch/permanent establishment of the Issuer(s). 
Romanian withholding tax on certain payments 
Interest income received by a non-resident person from a Romanian resident is subject to withholding 
tax. Starting from the premise that the Issuer(s) is/are not a resident for tax purposes in Romania and it 
has no permanent establishment in Romania, the payments made by the Issuer(s) in respect of interest, 
premiums, principal, dividends, capital gains in connection with Securities will not be deemed made 
from Romania. 
Taxation of resident individual holders 
Individuals who are tax resident in Romania or non-resident citizens who meet the conditions of fiscal 
residence according to Romanian legislation, respectively the residency criteria provided in the Fiscal 
Code, are subject to personal income tax in Romania on their worldwide income. Therefore, Romanian 
individual holders would be subject to personal income tax due on their investment income arising from 
the holding, redemption, sale or any other transaction with the Securities. 
Taxation of income from the transfer of securities and derivative instruments obtained by natural 
persons  
(a) 
If the natural person obtain income from securities or from derivative instruments; 
(b) 
if they are obtained through intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation, 
investment management companies, self-managed investment companies, managers of 
alternative investment funds, Romanian tax residents or non-residents who have a permanent 
establishment in Romania that has the quality of an intermediary - hereinafter referred to 
authorised entities or through other types of entities (e.g. non-resident intermediaries). In 2024, 
the fiscal news only covers transactions carried out through these authorised resident entities; 
or 
(c) 
if they are obtained from Romania or from abroad. 
Calculation of gain/loss 
Gains from the transfer of securities, other than derivative financial instruments

--- Page 1190 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1164
 
The gain/loss on the transfer of securities is the positive/negative difference realised between the disposal 
value/sale price and their tax value, as applicable, by type of securities, which includes transaction costs 
and related ownership transfer costs securities loan, proven with supporting documents. 
In the case of transfers of securities denominated in foreign currency, the exchange rate used to determine 
the gain and the related tax is the exchange rate communicated by the BNR valid for the day of the 
determination of the gain. 
In the case of the transfer of ownership of securities, the gain/loss is determined as the positive/negative 
difference between the sale price and the tax value, represented by the purchase price, defined in rules 
approved by joint instructions issued by the president of the Financial Supervision Authority and the 
minister public finances. 
In the case of the transfer of the ownership of the participation titles to the collective investment bodies, 
the gain/loss is determined as the positive/negative difference between the sale/redemption price and the 
tax value, represented by the purchase/subscription/issuance price which also includes trading expenses 
/subscription, defined in rules approved by joint instructions issued by the president of the Financial 
Supervision Authority and the minister of public finance. 
The moment of determining the gain/loss 
The determination of the gain/loss from the transfer of securities, other than derivative financial 
instruments, is carried out, as the case may be: 
(a) 
on the date of conclusion of the transaction, based on the supporting documents, by the 
intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation, investment management 
companies, self-managed investment companies, managers of alternative investment funds, 
Romanian tax residents or non-residents who have an office in Romania permanently acting as 
an intermediary, if the operation is carried out through one of these entities; 
(b) 
on the date of payment of the transaction price, based on the supporting documents, by the 
income beneficiary, if the operation is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in 
letter (a); 
(c) 
on the date of conclusion of the short sale transaction, regardless of the way in which it is settled, 
by the entities provided for in letter (a), based on supporting documents, in the case of short sale 
transactions. If the transaction is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in letter 
(a), the determination of the gain/loss is carried out by the income beneficiary, based on 
supporting documents; 
(d) 
on the date of payment of the commission related to the securities loan operation provided for 
in the loan contract, in the case of the securities loan operation. The determination of the gain is 
made by the entities provided for in letter (a), based on the supporting documents. If the 
operation is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in letter (a), the determination 
of the gain is carried out by the income beneficiary, based on the supporting documents; 
(e) 
on the date of establishing the redeemable value of the shares, in the case of the redemption of 
shares in collective investment bodies, by the entities referred to in letter (a) If the operation is 
not carried out through one of the entities referred to in letter (a), the obligation to determine the 
gain/loss rests with the beneficiary of the income; 
(f) 
at the time of the conclusion of the transaction, based on the supporting documents, in the case 
of the transfer of the right of ownership of the shares to the collective investment bodies as a 
result of their trading on regulated markets or alternative trading systems, by the entities referred 
to in letter (a). If the transaction is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in 
letter (a), the obligation to determine the gain/loss rests with the beneficiary of the income. 
Establishing the income from operations with derivative financial instruments, carried out through 
intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation 
Profit/Loss from operations with derivative financial instruments represents the positive/negative 
difference between the income realised from the closed positions and the expenses related to these

--- Page 1191 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1165
 
positions, highlighted in the account, for each type of contract and maturity, regardless of whether it has 
reached maturity or not. 
In the case of derivative financial instruments that provide for periodic settlements between the parties, 
without closing the position, the gain/loss from operations with such financial instruments represents the 
positive/negative difference between the incomes realised on the occasion of periodic settlements and 
the related expenses, highlighted in the account. 
The determination of the gain/loss from operations with derivative financial instruments is made by the 
intermediary, as defined by the relevant legislation, Romanian fiscal resident or non-resident who has a 
permanent establishment in Romania that has the capacity of an intermediary, at the time of each 
transaction, on the basis supporting documents. 
The income from operations with closed positions with derivative financial instruments represents the 
actual receipts from all these operations, with closed positions, highlighted in the income recipient's 
account, less principal receipts. 
Establishing the income from operations with derivative financial instruments, which are not carried 
out through intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation 
Profit/Loss from operations with derivatives that are not carried out through an intermediary defined 
according to the relevant legislation, a Romanian fiscal resident or a non-resident who has a permanent 
establishment in Romania that has the capacity of an intermediary, is determined for closed positions 
starting from the first day of trading of the fiscal year up to and including its last trading day. 
The profit/loss from operations with derivative financial instruments represents the positive/negative 
difference between the revenues realised from the closed positions and the expenses related to these 
positions, highlighted in the account, for each type of contract and maturity, regardless of whether it has 
reached maturity or not. 
The determination of the gain/loss is carried out in the case of derivative financial instruments that 
provide for periodic settlements between the parties, without closing the position, within a fiscal year. 
The determination of the gain/loss is carried out annually, cumulatively, at the end of the fiscal year, by 
the income recipient, based on supporting documents. 
Tax rate - transfers of securities and derivatives - for transactions carried out through authorised 
intermediaries 
Income in the form of gains from the transfer of securities and operations with derivative financial 
instruments, determined for transfers/operations carried out through intermediaries defined according to 
the relevant legislation, investment management companies, self-managed investment companies, 
managers of alternative investment funds, residents Romanian taxpayers or non-residents who have a 
permanent establishment in Romania that has the quality of an intermediary, are imposed through 
withholding tax as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of securities: 
(i) 
by applying a rate of 1 per cent. on each gain from the transfer of securities that have 
been acquired and disposed of in a period greater than 365 days, inclusive, from the date 
of acquisition; 
(ii) 
by applying a rate of 3 per cent. on each gain from the transfer of securities that were 
acquired and disposed of within a period of less than 365 days from the date of 
acquisition; 
(b) 
in the case of operations with derivative financial instruments: 
(i) 
by applying a rate of 1 per cent. on each gain from carrying out operations with derivative 
financial instruments held for a period greater than 365 days, inclusive, from the date of 
acquisition;

--- Page 1192 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1166
 
(ii) 
by applying a rate of 3 per cent. on each gain from carrying out operations with derivative 
financial instruments held for a period less than 365 days from the date of acquisition. 
To determine the period in which they were held, it is considered that the securities and financial 
instruments are sold/repurchased in the same order in which they were acquired, respectively first in - 
first out, for each symbol. 
The fiscal value is determined by applying the weighted average price method, including the costs related 
to the transfer/operation, on each token, regardless of the holding period. 
The obligation to calculate and withhold income tax rests with intermediaries, for each transfer/operation. 
The income tax calculated and withheld at source is declared and transferred to the state budget by the 
intermediaries up to and including the 25th of the month following the month in which it was withheld 
and is final tax. 
The losses obtained from the transfer of securities and from operations with derivative financial 
instruments, carried out through the mentioned entities, as the case may be, are not carried forward and 
are not compensated, they represent definitive losses of the taxpayer. 
If we refer to transactions carried out through resident intermediaries, the tax will be withheld at source 
by them. The losses obtained and not compensated until 1 January 2023 from these transfers/operations 
carried out through these entities are not carried forward, they represent definitive losses regardless of 
the date they were recorded. 
If we are talking about non-resident intermediaries, natural persons will still have the obligation to 
calculate, declare and pay income tax. 
If the losses are made from transactions carried out through authorised entities and are not compensated 
until 1 January 2023, they cannot be carried forward. 
In certain situations, previous losses can be recovered. 
Tax on dividends 
It is paid when investing in companies, ETFs or Investment Funds, that distribute dividends. 
The amount of tax on dividends varies depending on where the company or fund that distributes the 
dividends has its registered office: in Romania or abroad. 
Tax on dividends paid by companies or funds in Romania 
Starting from 1 January 2023, dividends are taxed at a rate of 8%, and the tax is withheld at source. 
The tax is withheld and transferred directly to the state on behalf of the investor by the company 
that distributes it, and the net difference of 92 per cent. of the dividends is received by the investor 
in the accounts of the broker in which he owns the shares. 
Contribution for Social Health Insurance (CASS) 
The Social Health Insurance Contribution has a more special regime because it is paid only when the 
cumulative income obtained by an individual, from one or more sources, exceeds a certain threshold. 
As a result, in order to determine whether CASS is also due, to the gains from the investments listed 
above, the gains obtained from: independent activities, intellectual property rights, association with a 
legal person, assignment of the use of goods (rental), agricultural activities, forestry and fish farming, 
trading with cryptocurrencies or other sources. 
This means that even if the cumulative income from dividends and from the transfer of securities does 
not exceed the threshold for CASS, there is still the possibility that the health contribution will be due if 
the sum of all types of income mentioned above exceeds the thresholds below. 
The tax rate for CASS is 10%. applied to the total amount of income collected throughout the year

--- Page 1193 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1167
 
(a) 
If the incomes are below the level of 6 gross minimum wages per country, no CASS is due- 
3300 ron is minimum salary starting with 1 October 2023; 
(b) 
If the incomes are between 6 and 12 gross minimum wages per country, the basis for calculating 
CASS is the level of 6 gross minimum wages; 
(c) 
If the incomes are between 12 and 24 gross minimum wages per country, the CASS calculation 
basis is the level of 12 gross minimum wages; 
(d) 
If the earned income exceeds 24 gross minimum wages, the CASS calculation basis is the level 
of 24 gross minimum wages per country. 
If the income and gains obtained from Securities are lower than the threshold above, and the resident 
individual does not obtain revenues from other sources (with the exception of salaries), the contribution 
is only optional. 
Taxation of resident entities holders 
Resident entities which are tax resident in Romania (i.e. if they are incorporated in Romania or if they 
have their effective place of management in Romania or if they are legal entities incorporated according 
to European legislation with registered office in Romania) will be subject to corporate income tax on 
their worldwide income, including any income and gains resulting from the holding, redemption, sale or 
any other transaction with the Securities. The applicable tax rate is 16 per cent. The tax loss incurred by 
these entities can be carried forward for 5 consecutive years. 
The taxable base for corporate tax purpose is computed as the difference between revenues and expenses 
registered by entities as per the accounting rules, adjusted with tax items. Therefore, the corporate tax 
consequences deriving from holding, redemption, sale or any other transaction with the Securities is 
dependent also on the accounting treatment applied to such Securities, especially as regards the 
recognition of the related revenues and expenses. 
The Romanian fiscal legislation, exempt from corporate income tax, in certain conditions, the incomes 
derived from dividends and from evaluation/revaluation/sale of shares. 
The Romanian fiscal legislation, states that the losses incurred by a company from selling receivables is 
deductible within the limit of 30 per cent. In case of credit institutions, if receivables are partially covered 
by provisions or taken off from the balance sheet and then sold, 70 per cent. of the difference between 
the value of receivable and their selling price represents taxable income. However, starting 14 May 2020 
this restriction does no longer apply to transfers of government securities, bonds and other debt 
instruments that give the holder a contractual right to collect cash, the expenses recorded from such 
transfers being deductible when calculating the tax result. 
Relief for withholding tax paid in a foreign country in relation with Securities may be available if 
Romania has in place a double tax treaty in place with the country where the tax was withheld. The relief 
is granted under the form of deduction from and within the limit of the corporate income tax due in 
Romania. 
Note that, legal entities with an annual income lower than RON equivalent of EUR 500,000 as at 31 
December of the previous year, fall under the obligation to pay tax for micro-entities of 1 per cent. (if it 
has at least 1 full-time employee) applied to income obtained (except certain income specifically 
provided) without possibility to deduct expenses.  
Taxation of non-residents 
Non-resident (legal entities and/or individuals carrying on independent activities) will be subject to tax 
in Romania in respect of income derived from the Securities, in case they have a permanent establishment 
in Romania to which the Securities are attributable. 
Stamp duties, transfer taxes, other taxes 
There are no stamp duties, transfer taxes or other taxes due in Romania in connection with acquisitions 
and transactions with Securities, other than those mentioned above.

--- Page 1194 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1168
 
SLOVAKIAN TAXATION 
The below comments have been prepared based on the following assumptions: neither of the Issuers is a 
tax resident in the Slovak Republic and has a permanent establishment in the Slovak Republic; the 
customers who will buy the Securities on the Slovak market are treated as the Slovak tax residents; the 
income derived from Securities held by the Slovak investors is sourced abroad; and neither of the Issuers 
has employees in Slovakia.  
General tax obligations of Investors 
Filing of personal / corporate income tax returns in Slovakia 
In general, the tax period in Slovakia is a calendar year unless the taxpayer applies the financial year for 
accounting purposes. The tax period of financial year is applicable only for corporate taxpayers. The 
statutory deadline for filing a tax return is three months following the end of the tax period, i.e. if the tax 
period is a calendar year by 31 March of the following year. This deadline can be extended by 3 months 
based on a written application. An extension by 6 months is applicable if the taxpayer has income sourced 
abroad.  
Avoidance of double taxation 
Please note that the income sourced abroad may be subject to withholding tax (WHT) in the country of 
source of income. Amount of applicable WHT may be decreased based on the provisions of the Double 
Taxation Treaty (DTT) concluded between Slovakia and country of source of income.  
To apply the correct amount of WHT the foreign Issuer(s) may request the Slovak investor to present the 
tax residency certificate proving that the investor is the Slovak tax resident and benefits from DTT's 
protection.  
Should income received by the Slovak investor be provably taxed abroad, the foreign tax may be either 
credited against the Slovak tax liability or the income taxed abroad may be exempted from tax in 
Slovakia. The method of elimination of the double taxation of income is stipulated in the respective DTT. 
Tax withheld in a non-treaty country cannot be neither credited nor deducted from gross income. 
Individual investor 
Slovak tax residents are liable to pay tax in Slovakia on their worldwide income.  
Generally, tax returns are not required if total taxable income does not exceed certain minimal threshold 
(EUR 2,461.41 in 2023 and EUR 2,823.24 in 2024) with exception of the taxpayer that declared a tax 
loss. 
Please note that the personal income tax and insurance contributions in Slovakia (if any) are borne by 
the Investor (not Issuer(s) of Securities).  
Tax rate 
Personal income tax rate is 19 per cent. on part of annual tax base not exceeding EUR 47 537,98 in 2024 
and 25 per cent. on part of annual tax base exceeding this level. Interest income and similar income from 
capital assets is subject to 19 per cent. tax rate, irrespective of taxpayer's tax base.  
Dividends and similar types of income relating to profits reported for financial years started after 31 
December 2023 are subject to 10 per cent. tax rate, or 35 per cent. tax rate if paid by an entity from a 
non-cooperative country. Dividends and similar types of income relating to financial years started before 
1 January 2024 are subject to withholding tax at 7 per cent. and 35 per cent. respectively.   
A tax rate of 15 per cent. is applicable for individual taxpayers for income from business activities (self-
employment income) provided that the revenues incurred in the respective tax period did not exceed 
EUR 60,000. 
Tax base

--- Page 1195 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1169
 
The determination of tax base and applicable tax exemptions stipulated by the Slovak Income Tax Act 
varies depending on the type of income. 
The Investor is obliged to include income derived from Securities in the Slovak personal income tax 
return type B depending on type of income as follows: 
(i) 
Separate tax base from capital income according to Article 7 of the Slovak Income Tax Act (19 
per cent. tax rate) includes inter alia income from interests and other revenues from Securities, 
revenues from redemption of shares certificates. The mandatory paid health-care insurance, if 
applicable, may be deducted from taxable income. 
(ii) 
Partial tax base from other income according to Article 8 of the Slovak Income Tax Act (19 per 
cent. / 25 per cent. tax rate) includes inter alia income from the transfer of options, transfer of 
Securities, transfer of participation (interest) in a limited liability company, limited partnership 
or from the transfer of membership rights of a cooperative, income from derivative operations. 
The tax base is determined as a taxable income reduced by provably incurred expenses up to the 
taxable income (a loss is tax non-deductible). 
(iii) 
Separate tax base from profit shares (dividends) according to Article 51e of the Slovak Income 
Tax Act (10 per cent. / 35 per cent. tax rate). Dividends for financial years starting before 1 
January 2024 are subject to 7 per cent. and 35 per cent. tax rate. 
Losses from sale of assets (security, bonds etc.) can be offset against gains from sale of other assets with 
various limitations. 
Tax exemptions 
Gains from sale of Securities that are traded on regulated market (stock exchange or on a similar foreign 
regulated market) for more than 1 year are tax-exempt if (i) the period between acquisition and sale of 
the Securities exceeds 1 year and (ii) the period between their admission to a regulated market and the 
sale exceeds 1 year, PROVIDED THAT the Securities did not form a part of the Investor's business 
assets. 
Further, gains from sale of Securities (less explicitly stipulated expenses) not qualifying for the above 
exemption are tax exempt up to EUR 500 per calendar year. However, should the taxpayer declare also 
rental income or income from occasional activities, the exemption would apply preferably on these types 
of income while the aggregated amount of exemption for all of the abovementioned types of income 
cannot exceed EUR 500. 
Health-care insurance 
Please note, that certain types of income from Securities (other income according to Article 8 of the 
Slovak Income Tax Act and selected types of income under Article 7 of the Slovak Income Tax Act) are 
subject to 15 per cent. health-care insurance. The mandatory paid health-care insurance, if applicable, 
may be deducted from taxable income after it is settled with respective healthcare authorities. 
Corporate investor 
Tax rate 
The capital gain generated from the sale of Securities is subject to a general 21 per cent. or in special 
cases reduced 15 per cent. corporate income tax rate (for the application of the reduced rate, the total 
revenues generated in a financial year shall not exceed EUR 60,000). 
The dividends received from / paid to the entity from a non-cooperative country are subject to 35 per 
cent. tax rate. 
Tax base 
In general, the capital gain generated from the sale of Securities is subject to 21 per cent. or in special 
cases 15 per cent. tax rate and acquisition value of Securities, up to the revenues generated by the sale, 
is treated as tax deductible expense (in most cases any loss is tax non-deductible).

--- Page 1196 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1170
 
A special tax regime is applicable to taxpayers authorised to trade with Securities under the special 
regulation who may treat the acquisition value of Securities recognised as cost as tax deductible expense, 
i.e. the loss is treated as tax deductible. 
Starting from 2024 a minimal amount of tax was introduced for corporate taxpayers. Following this 
provision, taxpayers are obliged to pay a minimum amount of tax (the exact amount depends on the 
revenues incurred in the respective period) if their actual tax is lower than the amount of minimum tax 
that would have been applicable. The amount of tax that was paid in excess of the actual amount of tax 
in the respective period can be deducted in up to three following tax periods, provided that certain 
conditions are met. 
SPANISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the main Spanish tax implications deriving from the ownership, transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of the Securities referred to in this Base Prospectus by individuals or legal 
persons who are resident in Spain for tax purposes and by Spanish Non-Resident Income Tax (NRIT) 
taxpayers acting, with respect to the Securities, through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
This summary is based on the Spanish law in force as of the date of approval of this Base Prospectus 
and on the administrative interpretations thereof, and therefore is subject to any changes in such laws 
and interpretations thereof occurring after that date, including changes having retroactive effect. In 
particular, this description is based on the provisions established in the Individual Income Tax Law (the 
IIT Law) (Law 35/2006, of 28 November 2006, as amended), the Corporate Income Tax Law (the CIT 
Law) (Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014, as amended) and in the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law 
(the NRIT Law) (approved by Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 2004, as amended) and does 
not take into consideration any special regime applied by individuals or legal persons (such as financial 
entities, exempt entities, cooperatives, individuals who acquire the Securities by reason of employment, 
pension funds, collective investment in transferrable securities or look-through entities).  
In addition, the following section does not cover those tax laws in force in the Spanish Basque provinces 
and Navarra as well as the particularities in force in the Spanish autonomous communities (comunidades 
autónomas), or the special rules applicable to transactions among related persons for Spanish tax 
purposes. The following section does not cover, either, communication or reporting obligations that 
could impact the holders of the Securities. 
Accordingly, this summary is for general information only and does not purport to be a tax advice, thus 
prospective investors in the Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the applicable tax 
consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposition of the Securities, including the effect of tax 
laws of any other jurisdiction, based on their particular circumstances. Also prospective investors should 
note that the appointment by an investor in Securities, or any person through which an investor holds 
Securities, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Securities in any 
jurisdiction may have tax implications. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers in 
relation to the tax consequences for them of any such appointment. 
For the purposes of our analysis, we have assumed that the relevant Issuers are companies resident for 
tax purposes in the Cayman Islands and Luxembourg and, in the case of Ensemble, is resident for tax 
purposes in Luxembourg and for the purposes of the Convention between the Kingdom of Spain and the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and 
on Capital and the Prevention of Fiscal Fraud and Evasion signed on 4 August 1987, as amended in 
May 2010, and entitled to its benefits, that the Issuers do not act with respect to the Securities through a 
permanent establishment in Spain, that the proceeds of the Securities are not used in Spain by the Issuers, 
and that the investors in the Securities are resident in Spain for tax purposes or NRIT taxpayers acting, 
with respect to such Securities, through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Spanish tax resident individuals 
(a) 
Individual Income Tax (IIT) (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
The Spanish IIT is regulated by the IIT Law and supplemented by the IIT Regulations approved 
by Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007, as amended (the IIT Regulations).

--- Page 1197 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1171
 
The Securities are deemed securities (activos financieros), in accordance with the definition set 
forth in Article 91 of the IIT Regulations and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
and hence the rules provided with regard to securities must be taken into consideration. 
According to Article 25.2 of the IIT Law and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
interest as well as income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of the Securities 
obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes will be deemed income from 
movable property and therefore will be included in the investor's IIT savings taxable base and 
taxed, together with the other savings income obtained by such investor in that same tax year, 
at a flat tax rate of 19 per cent. on the first EUR6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between 
EUR6,000.01 to EUR50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between EUR50,000.01 and 
EUR200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between EUR 200,000.01 to EUR 300,000 and 
28 per cent. for taxable income in excess of EUR 300,000.01. 
As a general rule, income earned by Spanish resident individuals under the Securities should 
qualify as interest payments. In general, interest payments obtained by Spanish resident 
individuals should be subject to withholding tax at a 19 per cent. rate on account of IIT 
(creditable against final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding the above, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment are not bound to withhold on account of IIT on payments made to Spanish resident 
individuals, interest payments under the Securities should be only subject to withholding tax in 
Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or 
acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income 
derived from the Securities, provided that such income had not been previously subject to 
withholding tax in Spain. 
However, when the Securities (i) are represented in book-entry form; (ii) are admitted to trading 
on a Spanish secondary stock exchange; and (iii) generate explicit yield, holders can benefit 
from a withholding tax exemption in respect of the income arising from the transfer or 
reimbursement of the Securities, save in respect of income derived from accounts entered into 
with financial institutions, provided that such accounts are based on financial instruments, such 
as the Securities. However, under certain circumstances, when a transfer of the Securities has 
occurred within the 30-day period immediately preceding any relevant coupon payment date 
such holders may not be eligible for such withholding tax exemption. 
Holders of Securities shall compute the gross interest obtained in the taxable base of the tax 
period in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any. Income arising on the transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of Securities will be calculated as the difference between (i) the 
transfer, redemption or reimbursement value of such Securities (deducting the additional costs 
and expenses incurred in the transfer, if they are duly justified) and (ii) their acquisition or 
subscription value (adding the additional costs and expenses incurred in the acquisition, if they 
are duly justified). 
Should a holder of Securities acquire homogeneous securities within the two-month period prior 
or subsequent to the transfer of such Securities, negative income that may derive from such 
transfer cannot be included in his or her IIT taxable base until the homogeneous securities are 
transferred. 
The net taxable income related to interest derived from the Securities shall be determined by 
deducting the management and deposit expenses from the gross income, excluding those 
pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management.  
Additionally, tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with 
the IIT Law or any applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by 
Spain may apply in respect of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Securities. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Net Wealth Tax) (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)

--- Page 1198 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1172
 
Only individual holders of Securities would be subject to the Net Wealth Tax as legal persons 
are not taxable persons under Net Wealth Tax.  
Relevant taxpayers will be individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of 
the place where their assets or rights are located or could be exercised, and non-Spanish resident 
individuals owning assets or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain whose net 
wealth is higher than EUR 700,000, as this amount is considered as exempt from Net Wealth 
Tax. 
Taxpayers should include in their Net Wealth Tax self-assessment the Securities (assuming they 
qualify as debt instruments) for the following amounts: 
(i) 
if they are listed in an official market, the average negotiation value of the fourth quarter; 
and 
(ii) 
in other case, its nominal value (including redemption premiums). 
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's wealth, once reduced by the 
deductible in rem liens and encumbrances which reduce the rights and assets values and the 
personal debts of the taxpayer, shall be taxed at a tax rate between 0.2 to 3.5 per cent. 
Finally, please note that the Spanish regions are entitled to modify (i) the threshold of net wealth 
exempt from taxation; (ii) the tax rates; and (iii) the tax benefits and exemptions to be applied 
in their territory. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (IGT) (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire Securities by inheritance or gift will 
be subject to the Spanish IGT in accordance with the IGT Law (Ley 29/1987, de 18 de diciembre, 
del Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones), without prejudice to the specific legislation 
applicable in each autonomous region. The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, 
ranges from 0 per cent. to 81.6 per cent. depending on several factors such as pre-existing 
heritage of the heir or donee, or the kinship with the deceased or the donor. Additionally, it 
should be taken into consideration that IGT management has been transferred to the Spanish 
Autonomous Regions therefore, a detailed analysis in each specific case should be carried out 
to analyse the applicable regional legislation since there might be differences in respect of the 
final taxation under IGT depending on the region in which an investor resides. 
Please bear in mind that, in case the Securities are deemed to be exercisable in Spain, non-
resident individuals who acquire Securities by inheritance or gift may also be subject to the 
Spanish IGT. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of similar 
taxes paid abroad, if any, in respect of Securities. 
Legal persons resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to IGT, thus the income that 
they may obtain from gift or inheritance, as the case may be, will be subject to Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax (CIT) on the market value of Securities received, provided that the legal persons 
obtaining such income are Spanish CIT taxpayers. 
(d) 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (STLF) (Impuesto temporal de solidaridad de las 
grandes fortunas) 
STLF is a NWT's complementary tax which is levied on individuals holding a world-wide net 
wealth of EUR 3,000,000.  
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's net wealth (exceeding EUR 
3,000,000) shall be taxed at a tax rate between 1.7 and 3.5 per cent.. 
Individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of the place where their assets 
or rights are located or could be exercised, and non-Spanish resident individuals owning assets 
or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain will be entitled to a EUR 700,000

--- Page 1199 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1173
 
rebate to their taxable base (i.e. STLF will be triggered for a net wealth exceeding EUR 
3,700,000). 
Individuals whose tax residence is located in Spain will be entitled to deduct taxes paid abroad 
with certain limitations. 
STLF quota together with the NWT and the IIT quotas, shall not surpass 60% of the IIT taxable 
base. If said summation exceeds said threshold, the STLF quota could be reduced up to 80%. 
After applying said limitations, it could be deducted from the final STLF Tax quota: (i) any 
taxes paid abroad following the NWT relevant provisions and without prejudice of the 
dispositions contained in any double tax treaty or international appliable legislation and (ii) the 
NWT quota effectively paid.  
Although the STLF was conceived as a temporary tax that would only accrue on Fiscal Years 
2022 and 2023, Royal Decree-Law 8/2023 of 27 December has established its indefinite nature 
until the Spanish Autonomous Regions Net Wealth taxation is reviewed. 
Spanish legal persons subject to Corporate Income Tax (CIT) (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Interest and income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of Securities obtained by legal 
entities resident for tax purposes in Spain and regarded as CIT taxpayers shall be computed as taxable 
income of the tax period of its accrual, in accordance with the rules contained in the CIT Law and 
supplemented by the CIT regulations, approved by Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015 (the CIT 
Regulations). 
The general CIT rate for Spanish CIT taxpayers is currently 25 per cent. However, certain CIT taxpayers, 
such as banks and investment funds, may be subject to higher or lower CIT rates. Taxpayers with an 
annual net turnover higher than EUR 20 million or who are taxed jointly under a CIT group will be 
subject to a minimum of, at least, 15 per cent. effective CIT rate of the adjusted taxable base (additional 
requirements or limitations may apply depending on the nature and circumstances of a given taxpayer). 
Please note that the CIT Law allows further reduction of this minimum taxation threshold by offsetting, 
among others, international double tax credits if any are available. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with the CIT Law or any 
applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by Spain may apply in respect 
of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Securities. 
As a general rule, interest payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Securities shall 
be subject to withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding this, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent establishment are 
not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to Spanish resident entities, interest 
payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Securities should be only subject to 
withholding tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income derived from 
the Securities, provided that such income had not been previously subject to withholding tax in Spain. 
However, when (i) the Securities are represented in book-entry form and are admitted to trading on a 
Spanish secondary stock exchange or on the Spanish Alternative Fixed Income Market (MARF); or (ii) 
the Notes are listed on a market in an OECD member state; holders who are corporate income taxpayers 
can benefit from a withholding tax exemption in respect of interest payments and income arising from 
the transfer or redemption of the Securities, exception made of income derived from accounts entered 
into with financial entities, provided that such accounts are based on financial instruments, such as 
Securities. 
Spanish Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) 
The acquisition of shares of a Spanish listed company trading on a regulated market in Spain, any other 
Member State of the European Union, or on a market in a third country if the market is considered to be 
equivalent, with a market capitalisation greater than 1,000 million euros (Qualifying Shares) and the 
acquisition of certificates of deposit representing Qualifying Shares (Qualifying Certificates), such as

--- Page 1200 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1174
 
American depositary receipts, regardless of the type of market or trading centre where the trades are 
executed (regulated market, multilateral trading facility, systematic internaliser; or OTC transactions), 
are subject, save for certain exceptions, to Spanish FTT at a 0.2 per cent. of the corresponding acquisition 
price (excluding the costs and expenses associated to such transaction). 
In addition to the above, the acquisition of Qualifying Shares and Qualifying Certificates under the 
execution or settlement of convertible or exchangeable bonds or debentures, of derivatives, as well as of 
any financial instrument, or of certain financial contracts, are also subject to the Spanish FTT. 
Non-resident investors subject to NRIT (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Based on the fact that none of the Issuers are resident in Spain for tax purposes, that the payments of the 
Securities are not effectively allocated to a permanent establishment in Spain of the Issuers and that the 
proceeds of the Securities are not used in Spain by the Issuers, no Spanish NRIT should, in principle, be 
levied on investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, unless they are acting with respect to 
Securities through a Spanish permanent establishment. 
In addition to the above, and in accordance to binding ruling V0185-20 of 27 January 2020, certain 
securities (such as financial derivatives) may be classified, for the purposes of the relevant double tax 
treaty, as business profits or other income and, as mentioned above, should not be considered, in general 
terms, as Spanish-source income, subject to the provisions of any relevant double tax treaty. 
According to the general principles of the Spanish NRIT Law, Spanish permanent establishments of non-
Spanish tax resident persons are taxed under the NRIT Law in a similar manner to Spanish CIT taxpayers, 
although some specific rules may apply. Due to the complexity of this matter, non-Spanish tax resident 
investors acting in Spain, with respect to Securities, through a permanent establishment are strongly 
urged to seek appropriate advice in respect of their own tax position in this regard.  
Spanish withholding tax 
Where a financial institution (either resident in Spain for tax purposes or acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain) (a) acts as depositary of Securities, (b) manages the collection of any income 
under Securities, (c) intervenes in their transfer or (d) carries out the redemption or reimbursement of the 
Securities, on behalf of Holders either (i) resident in Spain for tax purposes or (ii) holding the Securities 
through a permanent establishment located in Spain, such financial institution will be responsible for 
making the relevant withholding on account of Spanish tax on any income deriving from the relevant 
Securities. The current withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 per cent. Amounts withheld in Spain, if any, 
can be credited against the final Spanish IIT, CIT or NRIT liability, as applicable to the Holder. 
Other Spanish taxes (indirect taxation) 
The acquisition, transfer, redemption and reimbursement of Securities will be exempt from indirect taxes 
in Spain, i.e. exempt from or not subject to Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the Consolidated Text of such tax approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 
September 1993, and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 
1992, regulating such tax. 
SWISS TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuer(s) where the Holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax 
presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent, custodian or Securities dealer is 
located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It 
does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant 
for a decision to invest in Securities. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular 
situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisers as to the respective 
Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of 
Securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances.

--- Page 1201 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1175
 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments on a Security are currently not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax PROVIDED THAT 
the respective Issuer(s) is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
Income Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a) 
Structured Securities 
If a Security classifies as a structured note, its income taxation depends on whether the bond 
and the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded separately from each 
other and whether the Security classifies as a structured note with or without a predominant one-
time interest payment: 
(i) 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded 
separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Security classifies 
as a non-transparent structured note and any return over the initial investment classifies 
as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial instruments generally 
include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed in accordance with the 
principles set forth below under "Transparent derivative financial instruments with a 
predominant one-time interest payment". 
(ii) 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic 
interest payments and not from a one time interest payment (see below "Transparent 
derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then 
any periodic interest payment and the one-time interest payment, if any, is taxed when 
paid to the holder of the Security. A gain, including interest accrued, realised on the sale 
of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss realised on the sale of a Security is 
a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, (see below "Securities held as Private Assets 
by a Swiss resident Holder"). The same applies if the Security is redeemed except that 
interest accrued is taxed when paid. 
(iii) 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to maturity predominantly derives from a one-time 
interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from 
periodic interest payments, then any periodic interest payments and on the redemption 
or sale of the Security the difference between the value of the embedded bond at 
redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, 
as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing 
at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, respectively (modified 
differential taxation method) constitutes taxable income. A value decrease on the 
embedded bond respectively realised on the sale or redemption of the Security may be 
offset against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised within the same 
taxation period from all instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment. Any 
residual return realised on the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free 
private capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, 
respectively (see below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(b) 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies as a pure bond 
without a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e. the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest payment), Swiss 
resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest payments, if 
any, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment. A gain, 
including interest accrued, realised on the sale of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain. A

--- Page 1202 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1176
 
loss, realised on the sale of a Security is a non-tax deductible private capital loss (see below 
"Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies as a pure bond with 
a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e. the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from 
a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not 
from periodic interest payments), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any periodic 
interest payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign exchange gains, realised on 
the Securities (differential taxation method). 
(c) 
Pure Derivative Financial Securities 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a Security which classifies as 
a pure derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, including low exercise 
price options with a maturity not exceeding one year, pure futures, static Securities replicating 
an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption 
right) and which is held as part of their private assets constitute taxable investment income. Any 
other return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss 
(see below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(d) 
Low Exercise Price Options 
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration low exercise price 
options are given if the underlying of an option has been pre-financed by at least 50 per cent. at 
the time of issuance. 
For low exercise price options with a maturity exceeding one year the interest component of the 
low exercise price option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes taxable investment income. Any other 
return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see 
below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(e) 
Fund-like Securities 
A Security classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for 
Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital 
gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported 
and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Security as 
part of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over 
such portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the 
underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised 
on the underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on 
the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on 
the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain, and any respective loss on 
the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within 
a taxation period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and interest) 
is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised a 
non-tax-deductible capital loss (see below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident 
Holder"). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in 
the case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale or redemption of, such Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for 
the respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional Securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in Securities.

--- Page 1203 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1177
 
Capital Gains Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
A gain, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal 
of a Security held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss, realised by 
an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal of a Security held 
as part of his or her private assets is a non-tax deductible capital loss. In the case of a gain or a loss, 
unless such individual is classified, for income tax purposes, as a "professional Securities dealer" for 
reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in Securities. If an individual is 
classified as a "professional Securities dealer" he or she will be taxed in accordance with the principles 
set forth above under "Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business". Concerning the bifurcation of a tax 
exempt capital gains component, non-tax deductible capital loss component, respectively, from taxable 
income components of a Security see the bifurcation principles set forth above with regard to the different 
instruments under "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder". 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance with the 
taxation principles set forth above under "Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business"). 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Securities are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of Securities. 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
The issuance of Securities to the initial holders at the original offering price (primary market) is not 
subject to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax, except that the issuance of Securities which classify 
as fund like instruments may be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on 
the offering price, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax 
act) is a party or an intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealings in Securities (secondary market) which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such 
as pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve 
months, pure futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25 per cent., static Securities replicating an index 
or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity on an annual redemption right) are not subject 
to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in Securities which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which classify as 
structured notes, share-like instruments (including low exercise price options on shares with a maturity 
exceeding twelve months) or fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 
up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss Securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealing in bonds and structured notes with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax. 
The delivery of an underlying taxable Security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Security is 
subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. if a Swiss Securities dealer (as 
defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption 
applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Securities may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her 
last domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of a foreign 
deceased or resident person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and 
Securities are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon

--- Page 1204 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
1178
 
the existing relationship (i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor 
and the donee) and the size of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and 
inheritances collected by the surviving spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at very 
low rates (up to 6 per cent.). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging 
from 20 per cent. to 40 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred. 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of Securities who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-Swiss 
resident holding Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment is 
required to report Securities as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case may 
be, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth 
(including the Securities), in the case of non-Swiss resident individual holding Securities as part of a 
Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth 
is allocable to Switzerland. Incorporated holders of Securities are subject to cantonal and communal 
capital tax on net taxable equity, in the case of a non-Swiss resident person holding Securities as part of 
a Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. 
No net worth and capital taxes exist at the federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Security who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation 
year has not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent 
establishment in Switzerland, will neither be subject to income tax and capital gains tax nor net wealth 
or capital tax in Switzerland. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation 
of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial 
institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by 
means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred 
automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of 
administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. 
On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on 
changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent 
to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax 
authorities. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
MCAA). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information 
(the AEOI). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
(the AEOI Act) entered into force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the 
implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. 
The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Securities, held 
in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland 
for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state or in a treaty state.

--- Page 1205 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1179
 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
Page 
$ .................................................................. xvii 
( .................................................................. 849 
(Regulation S ............................................ 1088 
(Replacement Charged Assets .................... 146 
€ .................................................................. xvii 
1/1 ............................................................... 644 
10-year Limitation Date ............................. 424 
2.5-year Limitation Date ............................ 424 
2006 Definitions ................................. 115, 615 
2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit 
Event 
Supplement ................................................. 399 
2021 Definitions ......................................... 115 
30/360 ......................................................... 642 
30E/360 ...................................................... 643 
30E/360 (ISDA) ......................................... 643 
360/360 ....................................................... 642 
A ................................................................. 466 
Abandonment of Scheme ........................... 226 
Abs ............................................. 467, 544, 590 
absolute value ........................................... 1064 
Absolute Value ........................... 467, 544, 590 
Accelerated or Matured ...................... 411, 443 
Accrual Business Day................................. 635 
Accrual Condition .............................. 632, 636 
Accrual Condition 1 ................................... 636 
Accrual Condition 2 ................................... 636 
Accrual Condition 3 ................................... 636 
Accrual Cut-Off Date ......................... 466, 636 
Accrual Day ................................................ 636 
Accrual Days .............................................. 636 
Accrual Factor ............................................ 632 
Accrual Interest Rate .................................. 632 
Accrued Interest ....................................... 1138 
Acquisition Request Date ........................... 151 
Act on Public Offers ................................. 1107 
act(t-1,t) ...................................................... 234 
Actual Ex-Dividend Date ........................... 234 
Actual Exercise Date .................................. 182 
Actual Interim Valuation Date ................... 258 
Actual Proceeds .......................................... 148 
Actual Redemption Valuation Date ............ 258 
Actual Replacement Charged Assets Cost . 148 
Actual/360 .................................................. 642 
Actual/365 (Fixed)...................................... 642 
Actual/365 (Sterling) .................................. 642 
Actual/Actual .............................................. 642 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................................ 642 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................. 642 
Additional Adjustment Event ..................... 602 
Additional Disruption Event206, 232, 241, 251, 
258 
Additional Early Redemption Event ........... 602 
Additional Risk Event ................................ 399 
Additional Risk Event Start Date ............... 399 
Adj .............................................................. 636 
Adjustment Event........................................ 602 
Adjustment Factor ....................................... 234 
Adjustment Spread ................................ 83, 659 
Administration Agreement ........................ 1044 
Administrator/Benchmark Event .......... 10, 608 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions
 .................................................................... 114 
Adviser Resignation Event.......................... 263 
AEOI ............................................... 1123, 1178 
AEOI Act .................................................. 1178 
AEOI Regulations ..................................... 1123 
AF ............................................................... 590 
Affected Component ................................... 280 
Affected Depositary Receipt ....................... 249 
Affected Mutual Fund ................................. 264 
Affected Mutual Fund Interests .................. 265 
Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date ........ 265 
Affected Mutual Fund Value ...................... 265 
Affected Reference Entity ........................... 399 
Affected Relevant Assets ............................ 654 
Affected Valuation Date ............................. 280 
Affiliate ....................................................... 203 
Affiliated Entities ...................................... 1153 
Affiliation.................................................. 1153 
AFSL ......................................................... 1092 
AFt .............................................................. 235 
AFt-1 ........................................................... 235 
Agency Agreement ..................................... 136 
Agent Bank ............................................. 2, 135 
Agents ......................................................... 136 
Aggregate Default Count ............................ 399 
Aggregate Loss Amount ............................. 399 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount ................. 431 
Aggregate Recovery Amount ...................... 399 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount ....... 400 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount
 .................................................................... 400 
AIAF .............................................................. vi 
Allowance Directive ................................... 226 
Alter Domus .................................................... 2 
Alternate Cash Redemption Amount .......... 654 
Amending Cooperation Directive ............. 1141 
AMF .......................................................... 1100 
AML Services Agreement ........................ 1045 
AML Services Provider ............................ 1045 
Amortised Face Amount ............................. 174 
Analysis Provider .......................................... 75 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts .......... 1129 
Annual 
Tax 
on 
Securities 
Accounts 
Representative ........................................... 1130 
Annuity ....................................................... 590 
Annuity Factor ............................................ 590 
Annuity Floor .............................................. 590 
Applicable Auction ..................................... 400

--- Page 1206 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1180
 
Applicable 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Auction 
Settlement Terms ........................................ 400 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement
 .................................................................... 400 
Applicable 
DC 
Credit 
Event 
Meeting 
Announcement ............................................ 401 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question ....... 401 
Applicable 
DC 
Credit 
Event 
Question 
Dismissal .................................................... 401 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement
 .................................................................... 401 
applicable Final Terms ................................ viii 
applicable laws ........................................... 436 
Applicable Percentage ................................ 234 
applicable Pricing Supplement .................... viii 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount ..... 401 
Applicable Proportion ................................ 401 
Applicable Resolution ................................ 402 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms .......................................................... 402 
Arranger ......................................................... 1 
ART .......................................................... 1142 
ASF........................................................... 1108 
Asset ........................................................... 402 
Asset Market Value .................................... 402 
Asset Package ..................................... 308, 402 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount . 375 
Asset Package Credit Event ........................ 403 
Asset Package Delivery ............................ 1068 
Asset Transfer Notice ................................. 648 
Asset Trigger Event .................................... 258 
Assignable Loan ................................. 412, 443 
ATAD ................................................... 31, 176 
ATAD Deduction ....................................... 176 
ATAD Deduction Surplus .......................... 176 
ATAD Early Redemption Amount ............. 176 
ATAD Early Redemption Date .................. 176 
ATAD Event......................................... 10, 175 
ATAD I .................................................. 30, 31 
ATAD II ....................................................... 30 
Attachment Point ........................................ 403 
Auction ....................................... 302, 403, 437 
Auction Cancellation Date ......................... 403 
Auction Final Price ..................................... 403 
Auction Final Price Determination Date .... 403 
Auction Redemption Amount ..................... 403 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice ......... 404 
Auction Redemption Date .......................... 404 
AUD ........................................................... xvii 
Australian Bond Basis ................................ 644 
Australian dollars ....................................... xvii 
Authorised Offeror ......................................... x 
Authorised Offeror Terms ............................. xi 
Authorised Offeror(s) ................................. 838 
Automatic Exercise .................................... 182 
Available Cash ........................................... 151 
Average Highest ......................................... 463 
Average Market .......................................... 463 
AY .............................................................. 174 
B ................................................................. 467 
Bank Rate ...................................... 80, 116, 618 
Banking Act ........................................ 47, 1103 
Bankruptcy .................................................. 404 
Barrier ......................................................... 636 
Barrier 1 ...................................................... 636 
Barrier 2 ...................................................... 636 
Barrier 3 ...................................................... 636 
Base Currency ............................................. 266 
Base Level................................................... 216 
Base Listing Particulars ........... vi, vii, 852, 853 
Base Prospectus ......................... i, vii, 668, 669 
Belgium ..................................................... 1126 
Benchmark .................................................. 608 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event
 .................................................................... 608 
Benchmarks Regulations .............................. 80 
Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date ........... 563 
Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date ....... 489 
Best Oasis Performer .................................. 467 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer .............. 546 
Big Data Analysis ......................................... 75 
Blacklist ........................................................ 33 
Bloomberg® ..................................... 834, 1015 
Bond .................................................... 432, 443 
Bond Basis .................................................. 642 
Bond Index .................................................. 206 
Bond or Loan .............................................. 432 
Borrowed Money ................................ 432, 443 
BOTA ........................................................... 33 
Brazilian real ............................................... xvii 
BRL ............................................................. 272 
Bullion Commodity .................................... 226 
Business Day ............................................... 203 
Business Day Convention ........................... 186 
Business Investors ..................................... 1140 
C .................................................................. 547 
C(WUMP)O .............................................. 1102 
C.F.R. .......................................................... 204 
CA ............................................................... 587 
Calculation Agent ................................... 2, 135 
Calculation Agent Determination ....... 226, 270 
Calculation Amount .................................... 204 
Calculation Period ....................................... 641 
Call Cap .............................................. 544, 590 
Call Floor ............................................ 544, 590 
Cancellation ................................................ 226 
Capital Market Law .................................. 1113 
Capital Ratio ............................................... 404 
Capital Repayable Amount ......................... 664 
Cash Accrual ............................................... 638 
Cash Accrual(t – 1) ..................................... 639 
Cash Participation((t – 1) ............................ 639 
Cash Participation(Final) ............................ 639 
Cash Participation(Final) Date .................... 639 
Cash Participation(t) ................................... 639 
Cash Redemption Amount .......................... 404 
Cash Redemption Amount Notice .............. 405 
Cash Redemption Date ............................... 405 
Cash Settled Securities ............................ v, 137 
Cayman Administrator .......................... 2, 1044

--- Page 1207 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1181
 
Cayman AML Regulations ................... 32, 141 
Cayman Companies Act ................. 1, 32, 1043 
Cayman FATCA Legislation ...................... 141 
CBB ................................................... xix, 1093 
CCP ............................................................ 294 
CDI ............................................................ ix, 7 
CDI Holders ............................................. 1079 
CDIs ......................................................... 1079 
CEA .......... ix, 138, 667, 851, 1085, 1088, 1115 
Central Bank ................................................... v 
Certificate Agent ........................................ 135 
Certificate Balance ..................................... 405 
Certificates............................................. iii, 137 
CFTC ............................. 603, 1051, 1085, 1088 
CFTC Rule ................................................. 138 
CFTC Rules ...... ix, 667, 851, 1085, 1088, 1115 
CGME ................................................. iii, 1053 
CGML ....................................... iii, 1051, 1053 
Change in Law ............................................ 602 
Charged Agreement .............................. 18, 153 
Charged Agreements ...................................... 3 
Charged Asset Acquisition ......................... 151 
Charged Asset Disposal .............................. 150 
Charged Asset Eligibility Criteria .............. 145 
Charged Asset Modification Event ................. 4 
Charged Asset Modification Event ............. 167 
Charged Asset Substitution ........................ 149 
Charged Assets ....................................... 3, 143 
Charging Document.............................. 17, 135 
CISA ........................................................... 666 
CIT ................................................. 1172, 1173 
CIT Law ................................................... 1170 
CIT Regulations ....................................... 1173 
Citi ............................................................ 1047 
Citibank ............................................... iii, 1047 
Citigroup ................................................... 1047 
Class ................................................. 134, 1058 
Clearing Systems ...................................... 1078 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ..................... ix, 137 
Cliquet Final Decimal................................. 564 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor ................ 564 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum ................. 564 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer ..... 564 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor ............. 489 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum .............. 490 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer .. 490 
Cliquet Underlying Return ......................... 490 
Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) ............. 564 
CMA ............................................................ xxi 
CMB .................................................. xxi, 1113 
CMF ......................................................... 1096 
CMS Interest Rate .............................. 628, 641 
CMS Rate Securities................................... 628 
CMS Reference Rate .................................. 628 
CMS Reference Rate [1]719, 729, 742, 904, 
914, 927 
CMS Reference Rate 1 ............................... 628 
CMS Reference Rate 2628, 719, 729, 742, 904, 
914, 927 
CMVM ..................................................... 1108 
CNBV ....................................................... 1104 
CNY ............................................................ xvii 
CoCo Provision ........................................... 405 
CoCo Reference Entity ............................... 405 
Code .... 15, 54, 139, 667, 851, 852, 1081, 1086 
Collateral Services Agreement .................... 136 
Collective Investment Fund Tax ............... 1146 
Combined Prior Count ................................ 384 
Commodity ................................................. 226 
Commodity Condition ................................ 226 
Commodity Dealers .................................... 226 
Commodity Exchange Act .......................... 603 
Commodity Index ....................................... 220 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event.......... 223 
Commodity Index Cancellation .................. 223 
Commodity Index Condition ...................... 220 
Commodity Index Disruption ..................... 223 
Commodity Index Linked Securities .............. v 
Commodity Index Modification .................. 223 
Commodity Index Substitution ................... 224 
Commodity Linked Securities ........................ v 
Commodity Price ........................................ 226 
Common Safekeeper ................................. 1076 
Communiqué No. VII-128.4 ..................... 1113 
Companies Act .......................................... 1102 
Companies Act 1915 ..................................... 14 
Compartment ........................................ 1, 1039 
Compartments ....................................... 1, 1039 
Competent Authority ...................................... v 
Competent Official.............. 238, 247, 255, 262 
Component .......................................... 220, 277 
Component Cut-off Date ............................. 280 
Component Disrupted Day.......................... 280 
Component Scheduled Trading Day ........... 280 
component securities ..................................... 56 
Component Security .................................... 206 
Component Share ........................................ 232 
Component Share Additional Adjustment 
Event ........................................................... 239 
Component Share Company ....................... 232 
Component Trading Day ............................. 220 
Component Valuation Roll ......................... 280 
Compounded Daily SOFR .......................... 619 
Compounded Daily SONIA ........................ 616 
Concerto .................................................. ii, 134 
Concerto Base Listing Particulars ............ vi, vii 
Concerto Base Prospectus ....................... vii, xv 
Concerto Permitted Indebtedness ................ 162 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation ....... 405 
Conditions ................................... 134, 668, 852 
Confirmation ............................... 38, 822, 1008 
Conforming Reference Obligation .............. 406 
Consent Period ................................................ x 
Consent Required Loan ....................... 412, 443 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 .............. 1103 
Contingent Interest ...................................... 406 
control ......................................................... 203 
core referenced futures contracts .................. 44 
Corporate Action ................. 236, 245, 253, 261 
Corporate Service Provider ............................. 2

--- Page 1208 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1182
 
Corporations Act ...................................... 1092 
Corrected Level .......................................... 601 
Corrected Rate ............................ 612, 624, 626 
Correction Period211, 223, 230, 239, 249, 264, 
278, 282, 602 
Corresponding Tenor .................................. 659 
Counterparty ..................................... 2, 18, 135 
Counterparty Charged Asset Determination 
Date ............................................................ 145 
Counterparty Collateral ............... iv, 3, 17, 143 
Counterparty Regulatory Event ............ 53, 171 
Coupon Amount ................................. 623, 627 
Coupon Rate ............................................... 639 
Covered Instrument .................................... 204 
Covered Instruments ..................................... 46 
CRD V ........................................................ 122 
CRE ............................................................ 664 
CRE Adjusted Calculation Amount ........... 664 
CRE Coupon............................................... 664 
CRE Redemption Amount .......................... 664 
CRE Redemption Date ............................... 664 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms
 .................................................................... 406 
Credit Derivatives Definitions .................... 406 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee
 .................................................................... 406 
Credit Event ................................................ 406 
Credit Event Backstop Date ............. 406, 1067 
Credit Event Notice .................................... 407 
Credit Event Redemption Amount ............. 407 
Credit Event Redemption Date ................... 407 
Credit Event Redemption Method .............. 408 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date 291, 408 
Credit Event Writedown Date .................... 408 
Credit Events ............................................ 1065 
Credit Linked Conditions ........................... 327 
Credit Linked Interest Notes....................... 408 
Credit Linked Note ..................................... 408 
Credit Linked Notes .......................... iii, v, 327 
Credit Linked Principal Notes .................... 408 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount ......... 408 
Credit Support Annex ................................. 153 
Credit Support Document ....................... 4, 145 
Credit Support Provider .............................. 145 
CREST .......................... ix, 7, 836, 1017, 1079 
CREST Deed Poll ..................................... 1079 
CREST Depository ................................... 1079 
CREST International Manual ................... 1080 
CREST International Settlement Links Service
 .................................................................. 1079 
CREST Manual ........................................ 1079 
CREST Nominee ...................................... 1079 
CREST Rules ........................................... 1080 
cross rate ................................................... 1064 
Cross Rate I Designated Page ..... 467, 508, 547 
Cross Rate I Designated Time .... 467, 508, 547 
Cross Rate II Designated Page ... 467, 508, 547 
Cross Rate II Designated Time ... 467, 508, 547 
Cross-contamination ........................... 256, 264 
CRR .................................................. 408, 1053 
CRS ........................................................... 1123 
CSP ............................................................... 33 
Currency Amount........................................ 408 
Currency Disruption Event ......................... 267 
Currency Pair .............................................. 266 
Currency Rate ............................................. 409 
Currency Rate Source ................................. 409 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event 270, 275 
Current Base Listing Particulars ................. 853 
Current Cash Accrual .......................... 506, 639 
Current IPD ................................................. 641 
CUSIP ......................................................... 409 
Custodial Services Agreement .................... 136 
Custodian ........................................ 2, 136, 409 
Cut-off Date ........................................ 215, 648 
Cut-off Valuation Date ............... 284, 287, 599 
CVM ......................................................... 1094 
Czech Capital Markets Act ....................... 1097 
Czech Holder ............................................ 1134 
Czech Koruna ............................................. xvii 
CZK ............................................................ xvii 
d .................................................. 617, 618, 620 
D ................................................................. 547 
d0 ........................................................ 617, 620 
D1 ............................................................... 643 
D2 ....................................................... 643, 644 
Day Count ................................................... 639 
Day Count Fraction ..................................... 641 
Day Count Period ........................................ 639 
Day Count Period Final End Date ............... 639 
days accrued ................................................ 636 
Days Accrued .............................................. 501 
days observed .............................................. 637 
Days Observed ............................................ 501 
dc................................................................. 621 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date 409 
DC Credit Event Announcement ................ 409 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement .. 409 
DC Credit Event Question .......................... 409 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal .......... 409 
DC Member .................................................. 95 
DC No Credit Event Announcement........... 409 
DC Resolution ............................................. 410 
DC Rules ............................................... 95, 410 
DC Secretary ............................................... 410 
DC-determined EDD .......................... 360, 409 
DCF ............................................................. 501 
Dealer .......................................................... v, 2 
Dealer Agreement ..................................... 1085 
Dealers ............................................................ v 
Declaration of Trust .................................. 1043 
Decree No. 201 ......................................... 1151 
Decree No. 239 ......................................... 1145 
Decree No. 461 ......................................... 1145 
Decree No. 512 ......................................... 1149 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date ..................... 636 
Default Requirement ................................... 410 
default right ................................................. 204 
Deferral Period ............................................ 274 
Delayed Publication and Announcement .... 226

--- Page 1209 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1183
 
Delisting ..............................237, 246, 254, 258 
Deliver ................................................ 410, 411 
Deliverable Obligation ............................... 411 
Deliverable Obligation Category ................ 411 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ....... 411 
Deliverable Obligation Notice ............ 368, 412 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions .............. 413 
Deliverable Obligation Terms .................... 413 
Deliverable Obligations .............................. 302 
Delivered ............................................ 410, 411 
Delivery .............................................. 410, 411 
Delivery Date ............................. 227, 413, 650 
Delivery Expenses ...................................... 413 
Denomination Currency ............. 656, 671, 854 
Deposit Agreement ..................................... 241 
Depositary .................................................. 241 
Depositary Receipt ..................................... 241 
Depositary Receipt Condition .................... 241 
Depositary Receipt Exchange ..................... 241 
Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day
 .................................................................... 241 
Depositary Receipt Linked Securities ............ v 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange........ 241 
Depositary Receipt Substitution ................. 249 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria .... 249 
derivative character .................................. 1112 
Designated Maturity ............713, 743, 898, 929 
Designated Page ......................... 467, 508, 547 
Designated Time ......................... 467, 508, 547 
De-stapling Event ....................................... 239 
Determination Agent .......................... 135, 644 
Determination Period.................................. 644 
DFSA ........................................................ 1099 
DFSA Market Rules ................................. 1099 
Direct Loan Participation ................... 412, 443 
Disappearance of Commodity Price ........... 227 
Disbursing Agent ...................................... 1139 
Discussion ................................................ 1134 
Disposal Charged Assets ............................ 150 
Disposal Request Date ................................ 150 
Dispute ....................................................... 202 
Disrupted Day208, 221, 227, 229, 235, 243, 
252, 261, 267, 273, 278, 282, 285 
Disrupted Days ............................................. 13 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount........ 653 
Disruption Event ................................. 227, 270 
Disruption Fallback ............................ 227, 271 
distribution.................................................... 73 
distributor ............................................ xix, 849 
Dividend Futures Contract ......................... 281 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event
 .................................................................... 283 
Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation .... 283 
Dividend Futures Contract Condition ......... 281 
Dividend Futures Contract Disruption........ 283 
Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities . v 
Dividend Futures Contract Modification .... 283 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor ........... 281 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution ..... 283 
Dividend Screen Page................................. 234 
Dodd Frank ............................................... 1029 
Dodd-Frank Act .......................................... 170 
Domestic Currency ..................................... 413 
Domestic Law ............................................. 413 
Dominican Securities Law ........................ 1098 
Downstream Affiliate .................................. 413 
DPL ........................................................... 1083 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate .................... 656 
Dual Exchange Rate .................................... 267 
Due and Payable Amount ........................... 413 
Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level ......... 531 
Early Exit MER Amount ............................ 534 
Early Exit MER Barrier Event .................... 526 
Early Exit MER Barrier Level .................... 531 
Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date . 507 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) ....... 531 
Early Exit MERBU ..................................... 531 
Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level ......... 531 
Early Redemption Amount ................. 172, 173 
Early Redemption Date ............................... 170 
Early Redemption Event ............................. 602 
Early Redemption Interest Amount ............ 615 
Ecuador Reference Entity ........................... 413 
Ecuadorian Securities Law........................ 1100 
EE ............................................................... 664 
EE Adjusted Calculation Amount ............... 664 
EEA ............................................. v, 1053, 1132 
effective date ................................................. 37 
Effective Date ............................................. 413 
Electronic Page ........................................... 603 
Eligible Information .................................... 413 
Eligible Transferee ...................................... 413 
EMU ........................................................... 215 
English Law Securities ........................ viii, 134 
Ensemble ....................................... ii, 134, 1037 
Ensemble 2022 Annual Report ................... 125 
Ensemble 2023 Annual Report ................... 125 
Ensemble Articles ............................... 29, 1037 
Ensemble Base Listing Particulars ........... vi, vii 
Ensemble Base Prospectus ..................... vii, xiv 
Ensemble Board ............................................ 29 
Ensemble Permitted Indebtedness .............. 162 
Ensemble Shares ....................................... 1037 
Entitlement .......................................... 579, 597 
Entitlement Denominator ............................ 580 
Entitlement Price ......................................... 579 
Entitlement Ratio ........................................ 580 
Entitlement Underlying ............................... 579 
Equality Adjustment ................... 467, 508, 547 
Equity Allocation(i) .................................... 639 
Equity Amount ............................................ 664 
Equity Invested Allocation(0) ..................... 639 
Equity Invested Allocation(i) ...................... 640 
Equivalent Amount ..................................... 579 
Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest ................. 264 
ERISAix, 15, 139, 667, 851, 852, 1081, 1085, 
1115 
ERISA Plan ............................................... 1081 
ERISA Restrictions ....................................... 15 
ESMA ............................................................ ix

--- Page 1210 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1184
 
ESMA Register ............................................. 81 
Established Rate ......................................... 201 
Estimated Replacement Charged Assets Cost
 .................................................................... 147 
ETF ................................................................. v 
ETF Linked Securities .................................... v 
ETF Share ................................................... 251 
ETF Share Substitution ............................... 256 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria ................. 256 
EU Benchmarks Regulation .................... ix, 80 
EU CRA Regulation ............ xiii, 828, 829, 830 
EU PRIIPs Regulation ............... xviii, 665, 849 
EU Prospectus Regulation665, 667, 849, 851, 
1090, 1103 
EUR ............................................................ xvii 
EUR Swap Rate .......................................... 628 
euro ............................................................. xvii 
Euro ............................................................ xvii 
Euro MTF ..................................................... vii 
Eurobond Basis ........................................... 643 
Euroclear ....................................... ix, 137, 414 
Euronext Dublin ............................................ vi 
Euronext Paris ............................................... vi 
European Style Certificates ........................ 182 
EuroTLX ...................................................... vii 
Euro-zone ................................................... 204 
EUWA ...................................... 849, 851, 1091 
Event Currency ........................................... 266 
Event Currency Jurisdiction ....................... 266 
Event Determination Date .......................... 414 
Event of Default ......................................... 188 
Events of Default .......................................... 11 
Exchange ............. 206, 220, 227, 232, 251, 281 
Exchange Bonds or Loans .................. 311, 459 
Exchange Business Day ......206, 220, 232, 251 
Exchange Event ........................................ 1077 
Exchange Rate .................................... 266, 271 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation ....... 412, 414 
Excluded Obligation ........................... 414, 434 
Exempt Securities .................................. vi, 134 
Exercise Amount ........................ 305, 362, 415 
Exercise Date .............................................. 184 
Exercise Expenses ...................................... 184 
Exercise Notice ........................................... 183 
Exercising a Significant Influence ............ 1153 
Exhaustion Point ......................................... 415 
Expenses ..................................................... 649 
Expiry Date................................................. 281 
Extended Maturity Date ............................. 415 
Extension Date ........................................... 415 
Extraordinary Dividend .......232, 242, 251, 258 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider ............ 264 
Failure to Deliver ........................................ 654 
Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount ..... 654 
Failure to Pay.............................................. 416 
Fallback Bond ............................................. 215 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount ........... 373 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date ................ 373 
Fallback Commodity Dealers ..................... 227 
Fallback Commodity Price ......................... 227 
Fallback Discounting .................................. 436 
Fallback Redemption Method ..................... 416 
FBL Latest Preceding MER Level .............. 574 
FBL Preceding MER Level......................... 574 
FBL Reset Floor Level ................................ 575 
FCA ..................................................... vii, 1051 
FDAP ........................................................ 1120 
FDIC .................................................. xiii, 1047 
Fees or Charges Event ................................ 258 
FIEA ......................................................... 1104 
Final Auction Redemption Amount ............ 416 
Final Auction Redemption Date ................. 416 
Final Barrier Level ...................................... 573 
Final Cash Redemption Amount ................. 416 
Final Cash Redemption Date ...................... 417 
Final Equity Allocation ............................... 640 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date ............. 470, 592 
Final Interest Period End Date .................... 644 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount........... 417 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date ................ 417 
Final Level .................................................. 640 
Final List ..................................................... 417 
Final Outperformance A Underlying(s) ...... 547 
Final Outperformance B Underlying(s) ...... 547 
Final Participation Rate ............................... 593 
Final Participation Rate Call ....................... 593 
Final Participation Rate Put ........................ 593 
Final Performance ....................................... 547 
Final Performance Underlying(s) ................ 566 
Final Period Performance............................ 565 
Final Period Performance 1......................... 565 
Final Period Performance 2......................... 565 
Final Period Performance 3......................... 566 
Final Period Performance Percentage ......... 566 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date .. 379, 
417 
Final Price ................................................... 417 
Final Price Determination Date ................... 366 
Final Reference Level ................................. 567 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) .............. 566 
Final Terms .......................................... viii, 134 
Final Valuation Date ................................... 546 
FinalPerf...................................................... 593 
Financial Services Act ...................... 838, 1103 
Financial Supervision Commission........... 1095 
Financial Transaction Tax ......................... 1137 
FIN-FSA ................................................... 1100 
FINMA ....................................................... 666 
FinSA .................................. xii, 666, 850, 1112 
FinSO .................................................. xii, 1112 
First Entity .................................................. 203 
First Fallback Electronic Page .................... 271 
First Fallback Rate Source .......................... 271 
First Fallback Reference Price .................... 271 
First Fallback Reference Rate ..................... 271 
First Fallback Valuation Time .................... 271 
First Futures Contract ................................. 228 
First Nearby Month ..................................... 228 
First Obligation ........................................... 432 
Fixed Cap .................................................... 417

--- Page 1211 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1185
 
Fixed Interest Rate ...................................... 644 
Fixed Recovery Percentage ........................ 417 
flat tax ....................................................... 1138 
Floating Charge ................................. iv, 5, 144 
Floating Charge Holder ........................ 18, 135 
Floating Interest Rate ................................. 644 
Forced Transfer ............................................ 15 
FPR593, 798, 799, 800, 801, 802, 983, 984, 
985, 986, 987 
FPR Call ..................................................... 593 
FPR Put ...................................................... 593 
FPU............................................. 566, 580, 582 
FRA .............................................................. 32 
Fractional Entitlement ................................ 652 
FRB .......................................................... 1047 
freely tradeable ........................................... 655 
French Shares ........................................... 1137 
FRL............................................................. 589 
FSA........................................................... 1105 
FSMA ............................................... 851, 1091 
FTT ........................................1129, 1152, 1173 
Full Quotation ............................................. 417 
Fully Transferable Obligation .................... 417 
Fund .................................................. 251, 1146 
Fund Administrator ............................ 251, 258 
Fund Adviser ...................................... 251, 258 
Fund Adviser Event .................................... 259 
Fund Documents ................................. 251, 259 
Fund Modification .............................. 256, 263 
Fund Service Provider ........................ 251, 259 
Funding Interest Amount ............................ 333 
Funding Interest Rate ................................. 418 
Further Subordinated Obligation ................ 418 
Futures Contract ......................................... 228 
FX ............................................... 467, 508, 568 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency ......... 470, 592 
FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency ......... 470, 592 
FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency ......... 470, 592 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 470, 592 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time470, 592 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page ..... 470, 
592 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time .... 470, 
592 
FX Perf Designated Page .................... 470, 592 
FX Perf Designated Time ................... 470, 592 
FX Perf Final .............................. 468, 509, 590 
FX Perf Initial ............................. 469, 510, 591 
FX Perf Rate ....................................... 470, 592 
fx performance ......................................... 1064 
FX Performance ......................... 468, 509, 590 
FX Rate ...................................... 266, 271, 418 
FX Rate Condition ...................................... 266 
FX Rate Linked Securities .............................. v 
FX Rate Set Date ........................................ 418 
FX Rate Source .......................................... 271 
GBP ............................................................ xvii 
GBP Swap Rate .......................................... 628 
GEM ......................................................... 1056 
Gemini Event Valuation Date..................... 546 
Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date 575 
General Conditions ..................................... 134 
General Inconvertibility .............................. 267 
General Non-Transferability ....................... 267 
Global Exchange Market ............................... vi 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger ..................... 491 
Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger . 566 
Global Lock-in Redemption Sum ............... 566 
Global Lock-in Sum .................................... 491 
Global Registered Security Certificate ... ix, 134 
GMSLA Master Agreement .............. 3, 36, 154 
Governing Law ............................................. 14 
Governmental Authority ............. 266, 273, 418 
Governmental Authority Default ................ 267 
Governmental Intervention ......................... 418 
GPR ..................................... 540, 541, 542, 584 
Grace Period ............................................... 419 
Grace Period Business Day ......................... 419 
Grace Period Extension Date ...................... 419 
G-SIBs .......................................................... 46 
Guarantee .................................................... 419 
Hedge Disruption Obligation .............. 370, 419 
hedging arrangements ................................. 197 
Hedging Disruption ..................................... 603 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event
 .................................................................... 603 
Hedging Party ............................................. 603 
Hedging Position ......................................... 604 
Hellenic Reference Entity ........................... 420 
Hierarchy Provisions ..................................... 79 
Highest ........................................................ 463 
HMRC ....................................................... 1121 
holder .......................................................... 137 
holder of Securities ........................... 136, 1076 
Holding Ratio Change ................................. 259 
Hong Kong .................................................. 604 
Hypothetical Investor .................................. 259 
i ................................................... 617, 620, 640 
IA Adjusted Calculation Amount................ 181 
IGA ........................................................... 1120 
IGT ............................................................ 1172 
IIT ............................................................. 1170 
IIT Law ..................................................... 1170 
IIT Regulations ......................................... 1170 
Illegality ...................................................... 602 
Illiquidity .................................................... 268 
Implicit Portfolio Size ................................. 420 
Inconvertibility Event ................................. 420 
Increased Cost of Hedging .......................... 604 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow206, 232, 241, 
251 
Index ........................................................... 420 
Index Annex ................................................ 420 
Index Annex Date ....................................... 420 
Index Calculation Agent ................... 833, 1014 
index CDS ................................................... 312 
index component ........................................... 72 
Index Conditions ......................................... 277 
Index Parties ............................................... 312 
Index Publisher ........................................... 420

--- Page 1212 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1186
 
Index Sponsor206, 215, 220, 277, 420, 833, 
1014 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes ......... 420 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 420 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ...... 420 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount
 .................................................................... 421 
Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 387 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount ........ 421 
Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity
 .................................................................... 387 
Index Tranched Successor Entity ............... 387 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ...... 421 
Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 386 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount 386 
Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity
 .................................................................... 386 
Index Untranched Successor Entity ............ 386 
Inflation Index ............................................ 215 
Inflation Index Condition ........................... 215 
Inflation Index Linked Securities ................... v 
Initial Acquisition Date .............................. 145 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) ....................... 838 
Initial Cash Participation ............................ 640 
initial eligible collateral ................................ 38 
Initial Equity Invested Allocation ............... 639 
Initial Equity Participation ......................... 640 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date............ 470, 592 
Initial FX Rate .................................... 671, 855 
Initial Level ................................................ 640 
Initial Stock Loan Rate ........206, 232, 241, 252 
Insolvency ...........................237, 247, 254, 262 
Insolvency Event .................237, 247, 254, 262 
Insolvency Officer ...............237, 247, 254, 262 
Insolvency Proceeding .................. 39, 154, 155 
Instalment Amount ..................................... 204 
Instalment Date ........................................... 204 
Instrument Payments .................................. 421 
Insurance Distribution Directivexviii, 665, 849, 
1089 
Insured Instrument .............................. 421, 443 
Insured Obligor ................................... 421, 443 
interest ...................................................... 1153 
Interest Adjustment .................................... 506 
Interest Amount ........... 500, 609, 622, 627, 630 
Interest Amount Inflation Index ................. 501 
Interest Barrier Event ................................. 497 
Interest Barrier Level .................................. 499 
Interest Barrier Observation Date ....... 465, 466 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) .................... 499 
Interest Commencement Date .................... 644 
Interest Determination Date................ 613, 645 
Interest Initial Floor Level .......................... 470 
Interest Initial Floor Percentage ................. 470 
Interest Initial Floor Strike Date ................. 466 
Interest Initial Level ................................... 470 
Interest Lock-in Event ................................ 499 
Interest Lock-in Level ................................ 499 
Interest Observation Date.................... 634, 637 
Interest Participation Rate ........................... 506 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest 
Rate) ............................................................ 630 
Interest Participation Rate 1 ........................ 628 
Interest Participation Rate 2 ........................ 628 
Interest Payment Date ................................. 465 
Interest Period ............................................. 646 
Interest Period End Date ............................. 646 
Interest Period Final Reference Level ......... 472 
Interest Period Initial Reference Level ....... 472 
Interest Period Strike Level......................... 472 
Interest Rate ................................................ 646 
Interest Reference Level ............................. 472 
Interest Strike Date ..................................... 466 
Interest Strike Level .................................... 473 
Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount ........ 332 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount .................. 421 
Interest Underlying ..................................... 473 
Interest Valuation Date ....................... 466, 640 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying(s) .. 473 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s) ... 473 
Interim Performance ................................... 473 
Interim Performance Underlying(s) ............ 492 
Intermediary ...................................... 649, 1146 
Interpolated Reference Rate ........................ 659 
Intervening Period ....................................... 652 
In-the-Money .............................................. 184 
Investor ........................................................... x 
Investor Data ............................................. 1083 
Investor Put Notice ..................................... 178 
IPR .............................................................. 506 
IPU .............................................................. 492 
IRAP ......................................................... 1146 
IRES .......................................................... 1146 
IRS ................................................................ 55 
ISARM ...................................................... 1098 
ISDA ................................... 194, 290, 422, 615 
ISDA Agreement ............................................ 3 
ISDA Calculation Agent ............................. 612 
ISDA Collateral .......................................... 143 
ISDA Definitions ........................................ 615 
ISDA Issuer Collateral ............................ 3, 143 
ISDA Master Agreement ............................ 194 
ISDA Rate ................................................... 612 
ISM ............................................................... vii 
ISM Rulebook ............................................... vii 
Israeli Qualified Investors ......................... 1103 
Israeli Securities Law ................................ 1103 
Issue Date .................................................... 199 
Issue Date .................................................... 135 
Issue Terms ............................. ii, viii, 134, 422 
Issuer Business Day .................................... 422 
Issuer Credit Enhancer .......................... 18, 143 
IVAFE ....................................................... 1151 
Joint Potential Successor ............................. 382 
Joint Relevant Obligation............................ 382 
JPY .............................................................. xvii 
KMG 2019 ................................................ 1093 
knock-out certificate ................................. 1138

--- Page 1213 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1187
 
Korean Market Notes ...................... iv, 5, 136 
KSA Regulations ...................................... 1109 
KWG ........................................................ 1053 
LA Cash Redemption Amount ................... 422 
LA Cash Redemption Date ......................... 422 
LA Cut-off Date ......................................... 422 
LA Interest Amount .................................... 422 
LA Physical Redemption Date ................... 422 
LA Recovery Amount ................................ 422 
LA Relevant Currency ................................ 423 
LA Settlement Assets ................................. 423 
LA Valuation Date ..................................... 423 
LA Value Date ............................................ 423 
Largest Asset Package ................................ 423 
Last Permitted Rate .............................. 84, 658 
Latest Level ................................................ 216 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan
 ............................................................ 423, 452 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date
 .................................................................... 423 
Latest Preceding MER Level ...................... 532 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level ................. 575 
Latest Reset MER Barrier Level ................ 532 
Law 111 .................................................... 1144 
LBD ............................................................ 646 
LCY Reference Amount ............................. 424 
Legacy Reference Entity Count .................. 384 
legal entity ................................................ 1087 
Lev .............................................................. 637 
Limitation ................................................... 269 
Limitation Date ........................................... 424 
Limitation Event ......................................... 259 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ............ 424 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 385 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount .... 385, 
424 
Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity 385 
Linear Basket Successor Entity .................. 385 
Listed .......................................................... 433 
Loan ............................................................ 432 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date 372, 424 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes ............. 424 
Local Access Partial Nominal Amount390, 424 
Local Access Succession Reference Entity 389 
Local Access Successor Entity ........... 389, 424 
Local Currency ........................................... 601 
Local Jurisdiction ....................................... 605 
Lockout Date .............................................. 119 
Lockout Period ........................................... 119 
London Banking Day ................................. 646 
London Business Day ................................. 624 
London Stock Exchange ............................... vii 
Loss Amount .............................................. 424 
Loss of Stock Borrow ..........206, 232, 242, 252 
Loss Threshold Amount ............................. 425 
Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level ........................................................... 532 
Lower MER Barrier Level .......................... 532 
Lower Range .............................................. 637 
Lower Range 1 ............................................ 637 
Lower Range 2 ............................................ 637 
Lower Range 3 ............................................ 637 
Lowest ......................................................... 464 
Lowest Offeror ............................................ 147 
M(M)R Restructuring ................................. 426 
M1 ....................................................... 642, 643 
M2 ............................................................... 643 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event
 .................................................................... 527 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level
 .................................................................... 532 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation Date ........................................ 507 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) .............................................. 532 
Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date ............................................................. 507 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date ............ 507 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Level ........................................................... 511 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage ................................................... 511 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Strike Date .................................................. 507 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level 511 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying(s) .......................................... 512 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying(s) .......................................... 512 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate ............................................................. 545 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Call ..................................................... 545 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Put ....................................................... 545 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 512 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) .............................................. 523 
Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level
 .................................................................... 524 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date .. 507 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Level 526 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s)
 .................................................................... 526 
Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event ........................................................... 530 
Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event Valuation Date .................................. 507 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date
 .................................................................... 508 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date ........................ 215 
Margin ......................................................... 646 
Margin ......................................................... 501 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) ..................... 630 
Margin 1 ...................................................... 628 
Margin 2 ...................................................... 628 
Market ......................................................... 464 
Market Disruption Event207, 208, 209, 269, 
425

--- Page 1214 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1188
 
Market Disruption Events and Adjustments . 13 
Market Timer Percentage ........................... 593 
Market Timer Redemption Initial Level ..... 592 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Date ...... 545 
Market Value ...................................... 374, 425 
Master Trust Deed .................... 135, 842, 1020 
Material Change ......................................... 268 
Material Change in Content ........................ 228 
Material Change in Formula ....................... 228 
Material Increased Cost .............................. 602 
maturity ...................................................... 443 
Maturity Date ............................................. 165 
Maturity Redemption Amount.................... 425 
Max............................................. 545, 593, 637 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount ....................................................... 544 
Maximum Maturity ............................ 412, 443 
Maximum Redemption Amount ................. 593 
Maximum Reference Rate .......................... 630 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate .207, 232, 242, 252 
MCAA ...................................................... 1178 
Member State ........................................... 1117 
MER Barrier Level ..................................... 532 
MER Barrier Observation Date .................. 507 
MER Coupon Payment Date ...................... 507 
MER Date ................................................... 507 
MER Initial Floor Level ............................. 511 
MER Initial Floor Percentage ..................... 511 
MER Initial Floor Strike Date .................... 507 
MER Initial Level ....................................... 511 
MER Performance ...................................... 512 
MER Reference Level ................................ 524 
MER Strike Date ........................................ 507 
MER Strike Level ....................................... 526 
MER Underlying(s) .................................... 526 
MER Upper Barrier Event .......................... 530 
MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date . 507 
MER Upper Barrier Percentage .................. 533 
MERAA535, 536, 537, 538, 539, 540, 541, 542, 
543, 544 
MERBU ...................................................... 532 
Merger Date .........................238, 248, 255, 263 
Merger Event ............... 238, 247, 255, 262, 425 
Merger Redemption Amount ...................... 426 
MERPerf ............................................. 539, 545 
MERPR ....... 535, 536, 537, 538, 543, 544, 545 
MERPR Call ........................539, 541, 542, 545 
MERPR Put .........................539, 541, 542, 545 
MERPU523, 535, 536, 537, 538, 542, 543, 544 
Mid-Market Swap Rate .............................. 628 
MiFID II ................................v, 665, 849, 1089 
MiFID II Regulations ............................... 1102 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ............ xviii 
Min ......................................545, 593, 630, 637 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount ....................................................... 545 
Minimum Redemption Amount.................. 593 
Minimum Reference Rate ........................... 630 
MKT ......................................................... 1099 
Modified Eligible Transferee...................... 426 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date ............................................................. 426 
MOIC ........................................................ 1093 
Monetisation ............................................... 265 
Monetisation Valuation Date ...................... 600 
Monetised Amount...................................... 600 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity ............. 426 
Mortgaged Property .................................... 144 
MoT ............................................................... vi 
Movement Option ....................................... 426 
Movement Option Cut-off Date .................. 426 
MTF .................................................... 81, 1095 
Multiple Exchange Index ............................ 207 
Multiple Exercise Certificates ..................... 182 
Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage
 .................................................................... 569 
Multiple Holder Obligation ......................... 426 
Multiple IVD Interim Performance Percentage
 .................................................................... 494 
Mutual Fund ................................................ 259 
Mutual Fund Condition ............................... 259 
Mutual Fund Interest ................................... 259 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria . 264 
Mutual Fund Linked Securities ....................... v 
Mutual Fund Substitution ........................... 264 
n .......................................................... 494, 569 
N .................................................................. 640 
NASDAQ Stockholm MTF .......................... vii 
Nationalisation ............ 238, 248, 255, 263, 268 
NAV Trigger Event..................................... 259 
NAV Trigger Percentage ............................ 260 
Nearby Month ............................................. 228 
Net Dividend ............................................... 234 
Net Wealth Tax ......................................... 1171 
New Charged Assets ................................... 151 
New Information Event ............................... 260 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes ...... 348 
New York Federal Reserve's Website ......... 621 
New Zealand dollars ................................... xvii 
Next Currency Fixing Time ........................ 426 
ni ......................................................... 617, 620 
No Adjustment Determination .................... 657 
No Auction Announcement Date ................ 427 
NOK ............................................................ xvii 
Non Currency Redemption ......................... 260 
Non-bullion Commodity ............................. 228 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation ...... 427 
Non-Conforming 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation ................................................... 427 
Non-Contingent Amount ............................ 435 
Non-Contingent Interest .............................. 427 
Non-Deliverable Asset Package .................. 375 
Non-Event Currency ................................... 266 
Non-exempt Offer ................................. x, 1090 
Non-Financial Instrument ........................... 427 
Non-Permitted Purchaser ............................ 141 
Non-resident Corporate Holders ..... 1131, 1132 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date ... 427 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .......... 429 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation ........... 430

--- Page 1215 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1189
 
Non-Transferable Instrument ..................... 430 
Non-United States .................................... 1086 
NOPS Amendment Notice ................. 430, 431 
Norwegian Kroner ...................................... xvii 
Not Bearer .................................................. 412 
Not Domestic Currency .............................. 433 
Not Domestic Issuance ............................... 434 
Not Domestic Law ...................................... 433 
Not Sovereign Lender................................. 433 
Not Subordinated ........................................ 432 
Notes ...................................................... iii, 137 
Notes Extension Date ................................. 430 
Notice Delivery Date .................................. 430 
Notice Delivery Period ............................... 430 
Notice of Physical Settlement..................... 430 
Notice of Publicly Available Information .. 431 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option ........ 430 
Notice-determined EDD ..................... 361, 430 
Notification Date ........................................ 168 
NRIT ......................................................... 1170 
NRIT Law................................................. 1170 
NSS........................................................... 1076 
Nth695, 696, 755, 757, 777, 778, 881, 882, 941, 
962, 963 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 431 
Nth-to-Default 
Non-Succession 
Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 383 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount ... 384, 
431 
Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity
 .................................................................... 383 
Nth-to-Default Successor Entity ................. 383 
Number of Settlement Business Days ........ 271 
Oasis Best Performer 1 ............................... 467 
Oasis Best Performer 2 ............................... 467 
Oasis Best Performer X .............................. 467 
Oasis Interim Percentage ............................ 495 
obligation .................................................... 443 
Obligation ................................................... 431 
Obligation Acceleration .............................. 434 
Obligation Category ................................... 432 
Obligation Characteristics .......................... 432 
Obligation Currency ................................... 434 
Obligation Default ...................................... 434 
Obligations ................................................. 290 
obligor ........................................................ 443 
Observation Day(0) .................................... 640 
Observation Day(Final) .............................. 641 
Observation Day(t) ............................. 640, 641 
Observation Look-Back Period .................. 620 
Observation Period ..................................... 617 
OCC .......................................................... 1047 
offer ................................................ 1089, 1091 
offer of Securities to the public ................ 1091 
offer of Securities to the public ................ 1090 
Official List ................................................... vi 
Official Successor Rate ...................... 269, 273 
Oman ............................................................ xx 
Omnibus Accounts ................................... 1155 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount ........ 434 
Original Base Prospectus ............................ 669 
Original Currency ....................................... 269 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation
 .................................................................... 434 
Original Obligation(s) ................................. 436 
OTC .................................................... 117, 290 
Outperf A .................................... 477, 516, 552 
Outperf B .................................... 480, 520, 555 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount .. 434 
Outstanding Amount ........................... 431, 435 
Outstanding Principal Balance .................... 435 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .......... 1 
Ownership Restriction Event ...................... 437 
p .................................................................. 620 
Package Observable Bond ........ 308, 437, 1068 
Page ............................................................. 646 
Panamanian Securities Act........................ 1105 
Parallel Auction .......................................... 437 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date ............. 437 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms ............. 437 
Pari Passu Basis .......................................... 160 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount ............... 373 
Partial Cash Redemption Date .................... 373 
Passporting, Listing and Trading .................. 14 
Pay & Refund ............................................ 1161 
Paying Agents ............................................. 136 
Payment ...................................................... 432 
Payment Date .............................................. 215 
Payment Date(s) .......................................... 664 
Payment Day ............................................... 186 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date ............ 378, 438 
Payment Failure Event Notice .................... 378 
Payment Requirement ................................. 438 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ................. 437 
Payor ......................................................... 1142 
PCL ............................................................... 32 
Pension Fund Tax ..................................... 1146 
Performance Product Base Level ........ 533, 574 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount ................................... 534 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount . 580 
Period Performance ..................................... 491 
Period Performance 1 .................................. 491 
Period Performance 2 .................................. 492 
Period Performance 3 .................................. 492 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation ............ 438 
Permitted Contingency ................ 98, 438, 1071 
Permitted Indebtedness ............................... 162 
Permitted Purchaserix, 138, 667, 851, 1085, 
1088, 1115 
Permitted Transfer ...................................... 438 
Personal Income Tax Act .......................... 1142 
Physical Redemption Assets ....................... 438 
Physical Redemption Date .......................... 439 
Physical Settlement Matrix ................. 291, 439 
Physical Settlement Period.......................... 439 
Physical Settlement Securities ................ v, 137 
PIT Act ...................................................... 1153 
Plan ........................................................... 1081 
Plan Asset Regulations ............................. 1081

--- Page 1216 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1190
 
Pledge Agreement ............................ 822, 1008 
PLN ............................................................ xvii 
Polish Zloty ............................................... xvii 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes .... 439 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount
 .................................................................... 439 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount . 440 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount
 .................................................................... 440 
Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 388 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount ... 440 
Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference 
Entity .......................................................... 388 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity .......... 388 
Post Dismissal Additional Period ............... 440 
Post-nominated Replacement Reference Rate
 .................................................................... 660 
Postponement ............................................. 228 
Potential Failure to Pay .............................. 440 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium ............. 440 
PRA .......................................................... 1051 
PRC ............................................................ 604 
Preceding MER Level ................................ 533 
Preferential Debts ......................................... 32 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate
 .................................................................... 659 
Previous Cash Accrual ....................... 506, 641 
Previous Interest Valuation Date ................ 641 
Price ............................................................ 235 
Price (ex)t .................................................... 235 
Price Materiality ................................. 268, 271 
Price Materiality Percentage ............... 266, 271 
Price Source ................................................ 228 
Price Source Disruption .............. 228, 269, 271 
Pricet ........................................................... 235 
Pricet-1 ......................................................... 235 
Pricing Supplement ............................. viii, 134 
Primary Basis ............................................. 160 
Primary Rate ....................................... 266, 272 
Principal Paying Agent ........................... 2, 135 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount ............... 440 
Principal Writedown Amount ..................... 440 
Prior Deliverable Obligation .... 308, 441, 1068 
Prior Reference Obligation ......................... 433 
Privacy Notice .......................................... 1083 
Private Investors ....................................... 1138 
Private-side Loan ........................................ 441 
Programme .............................................. i, 135 
Programme Trustee .................................... 135 
Prohibited Action ....................................... 441 
Proprietary Index ........................................ 277 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event .......... 278 
Proprietary Index Cancellation ................... 278 
Proprietary Index Condition ....................... 277 
Proprietary Index Disruption ...................... 278 
Proprietary Index Linked Securities ............... v 
Proprietary Index Modification .................. 278 
Proprietary Index Substitution .................... 279 
Prospectus Law ............................... 1094, 1098 
public offer ................................................ 1112 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) ......................... 839 
Public Source .............................................. 441 
Publicly Available Information ................... 441 
Put Call Sum Floor...................................... 592 
Put Cap ................................................ 544, 592 
Put Floor ............................................. 544, 592 
QCB .............................................................. xx 
QFC Stay Rules ............................................ 46 
QFCA ............................................................ xx 
QFCRA ......................................................... xx 
QFCs ............................................................. 46 
QFMA ........................................................... xx 
qualified financial contract.......................... 205 
Qualified Index Securities ......................... 1119 
Qualified Indices ....................................... 1119 
qualified investors ..................................... 1109 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ................... 442 
Qualifying Certificates .............................. 1173 
Qualifying Guarantee .......................... 442, 443 
Qualifying Policy ........................................ 443 
Qualifying Shares...................................... 1173 
Quantum of the Claim ................................. 436 
Quotation ............................................ 374, 443 
Quotation Amount .............................. 373, 444 
Quotation Dealer ......................................... 444 
Quotation Method ............................... 373, 444 
Quote Currency ........................................... 266 
RA Cap ....................................................... 637 
RA Factor .................................................... 632 
RA Floor ..................................................... 637 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities ........ 637 
Range Accrual Determination Date ............ 465 
Range Accrual Table ................................... 637 
Rate ............................................................. 285 
Rate Condition ............................................ 285 
Rate Linked Securities .................................... v 
Rate Table ................................................... 646 
Rate X ......................................................... 630 
Rate Y ......................................................... 631 
Rate Z .......................................................... 631 
Rating ............................................................ 13 
Rating Adjustment Event ............................ 604 
RD ............................................................... 235 
RDt .............................................................. 235 
Real Dividend ............................................. 235 
Real Dividend Currency ............................. 235 
Real Estate Fund Tax ................................ 1146 
Real Estate Funds ...................................... 1146 
Realisation Amount .................................... 160 
Realisation Disruption Event ...................... 604 
Rebased Index ............................................. 218 
Record Date ................................................ 185 
Recovery Amount ....................................... 445 
Recovery Threshold Amount ...................... 445 
RedAdj ........................ 584, 585, 586, 587, 588 
Redeemed Securities ........................... 166, 177 
Redemption ................................................... 11 
Redemption Agent .................................. 2, 135 
Redemption Amount ........................... 164, 641

--- Page 1217 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1191
 
Redemption Barrier Event .......................... 575 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date ....... 546 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) ............. 577 
Redemption Initial Floor Level .................. 569 
Redemption Initial Floor Percentage .......... 569 
Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date ......... 546 
Redemption Initial Level ............................ 569 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event ............... 577 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ............................................................ 546 
Redemption Lower Barrier Underlying(s) .. 578 
Redemption Strike Date ............................. 546 
Redemption Strike Level ............................ 570 
Redemption Suspension Notice .......... 380, 445 
Redemption Underlying ............................. 570 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event ............... 578 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ............................................................ 546 
Redemption Upper Barrier Underlying(s) .. 579 
Redenomination Date ................................. 201 
Reference Assets ........................................ 445 
Reference Currency .................................... 628 
Reference Currency Business Day ............. 272 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement
 .................................................................... 446 
Reference Custodian ................................... 446 
Reference Entity ......................................... 446 
Reference Entity Count .............................. 446 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ............ 446 
Reference Entity Weighting ....................... 446 
Reference Index .................................. 232, 249 
Reference Investor ...................................... 447 
Reference Investor Assets .......................... 447 
Reference Jurisdiction ................................ 447 
Reference Level .......................................... 216 
Reference Month ........................................ 215 
Reference Obligation .......................... 373, 447 
Reference Obligation Only ......................... 432 
Reference Obligation Only Series .............. 447 
Reference Observation ....................... 633, 637 
Reference Observation 1 ............................ 637 
Reference Observation 2 ............................ 638 
Reference Observation 3 ............................ 638 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day ....... 638 
Reference Observation Table ..................... 638 
Reference Rate ........................................... 661 
Reference Rate 1 ........................................ 631 
Reference Rate 2 ........................................ 631 
Reference Rate Early Redemption ............. 657 
Reference Rate Event ............................. 9, 659 
Reference Rate Event Provisions ............... 112 
Reference Rate Fallback Provision ............. 663 
Reference Rate Interbank Market ............... 646 
Registered Office Agreement ................... 1044 
Registered Securities ............................. ix, 137 
Registered Security Certificate ......... 141, 1076 
Registered Security Certificates ............ ix, 134 
Registrar ................................................. 2, 135 
Regulated Market ..................................... 1132 
Regulation Six, 141, 667, 851, 1076, 1085, 
1115 
Regulatory Action ............................... 256, 263 
Regulatory Change Cost ............................. 447 
Regulatory Change Event ........................... 448 
Regulatory Consequences ........................... 196 
Regulatory Event ........................................ 170 
Regulatory/Sanctions Amendment ............. 194 
Regulatory/Sanctions 
Amendment 
Counterparty ............................................... 194 
Regulatory/Sanctions Amendments .............. 50 
Related Agreement Termination ................. 260 
Related Exchange........ 207, 220, 232, 233, 252 
Related Index .............................................. 257 
Relevant Accounts ............................ 821, 1007 
Relevant Agent ..................................... 79, 204 
Relevant Agreements .................................. 204 
Relevant Asset .................................... 580, 597 
Relevant Authority ...................................... 605 
Relevant City Business Day ........................ 448 
Relevant Clearing System ................... 138, 368 
Relevant Company ........................................ 75 
Relevant Component ................................... 280 
Relevant Credit Event ................................. 448 
Relevant Currency468, 508, 568, 657, 671, 855 
Relevant Date .............................................. 187 
Relevant Day ............................................... 610 
Relevant Event Determination Date............ 448 
Relevant Financial Centre ........................... 646 
Relevant Guarantee ..................................... 448 
Relevant Holder .......................................... 449 
Relevant Index .............................................. 75 
Relevant MERBU(s) ........................... 532, 533 
Relevant Nominating Body ......................... 660 
Relevant Number ................ 618, 621, 717, 902 
Relevant Obligations ................................... 449 
Relevant Person ................................ 833, 1014 
Relevant Price ............................. 228, 260, 281 
Relevant Rate .............................................. 646 
Relevant Risk Event .................................... 449 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date ... 449 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date270, 
275, 
601, 612, 624, 626 
Relevant Securities.................................... 1152 
Relevant SOFR Level ................................. 620 
Relevant Spread Rate .................................. 629 
Relevant Sums .... iv, 5, 27, 164, 172, 180, 181 
Relevant Swap Rate .................................... 628 
Relevant Tax ....................................... 229, 277 
Relevant Time ............................................. 628 
Relevant UK Authority ............................... 228 
Relibi Law................................................. 1124 
Remittance Exemption .............................. 1158 
Renminbi ............................................. xvii, 605 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount ....................................................... 431 
Replacement Charged Assets ........................ 35 
Replacement Charged Assets Criteria ......... 148 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation .......... 431 
Replacement Reference Rate ...................... 660

--- Page 1218 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1192
 
Reporting Disruption .................................. 264 
Representative Amount .............................. 629 
Repudiation ................................................ 269 
Repudiation/Moratorium ............................ 449 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date . 449 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition
 .................................................................... 450 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 450 
Request Date............................................... 147 
Reset Final Barrier Level ............................ 575 
Reset MER Barrier Level ........................... 534 
Reset MER Floor Level .............................. 534 
Reset MER Underlying(s) .......................... 534 
Resolve ....................................................... 450 
Resolved ..................................................... 450 
Resolves ..................................................... 450 
Restructured Bond or Loan ........................ 450 
Restructured Entity ..................................... 347 
Restructuring .............................................. 450 
Restructuring Date ...................................... 452 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date ..... 452 
retail investor ......................... xviii, 1089, 1090 
Revised Currency Rate ............................... 452 
Revision Cut-off Date................................. 215 
RG AMF ................................................... 1101 
Risk Event .................................................. 453 
Risk Event Determination Date .................. 453 
Risk Event Determination Period ............... 453 
Risk Event Notice ....................................... 453 
Risk Event Redemption Method ................. 453 
Risk Events ....................................... 107, 1074 
Risk Factors .................................................... 5 
RMB ................................................... xvii, 605 
RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date .. 601, 
605 
RMB Determination Business Day ............ 605 
RMB Determination Date ........................... 605 
RMB Relevant Currency ............................ 605 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time .. 605 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page ....... 606 
RMB Settlement Centre ............................. 606 
RMB Spot Rate .......................................... 606 
RNVE ....................................................... 1096 
Royal Decree 1310/2005 .......................... 1111 
Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 ............. 1111 
RP ............................................................... 174 
RRE Adjustments ....................................... 657 
Russian QIs.................................................. xxi 
SA Denominator ......................................... 545 
SA Numerator ............................................. 545 
SA Rate ...................................................... 545 
SA Relevant Percentage ............................. 545 
Sale Agreement .......................................... 143 
Same Underlying Share and Currency ....... 249 
Sanctions .................................................... 196 
Sanctions Event .......................................... 196 
satisfies ....................................................... 641 
satisfy ..................................498, 531, 577, 641 
Saudi Investor ........................................... 1109 
SCA ................................................... xxi, 1113 
SCA Resolutions ....................................... 1113 
Schedule ...................................................... 133 
Scheduled Closing Time207, 220, 233, 242, 
252 
Scheduled Interim Valuation Date .............. 260 
Scheduled Maturity Date .................... 165, 453 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension............ 453 
Scheduled Observation Date ....................... 638 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date ...... 260 
Scheduled Trading Day207, 220, 228, 233, 
243, 252, 260, 267, 272, 277, 281, 285 
Scheduled Trading Day (t) .......................... 235 
Schedules .................................................... 133 
SCM .......................................................... 1105 
Screen Rate ................................................. 611 
SCVS ........................................................ 1099 
SEC ........................................................... 1051 
Second Fallback Electronic Page ................ 272 
Second Fallback Rate Source ...................... 272 
Second Fallback Reference Price ................ 272 
Second Fallback Reference Rate ................. 272 
Second Fallback Valuation Time ................ 272 
Second Futures Contract ............................. 228 
Second Nearby Month ................................ 228 
Second Obligation ....................................... 432 
Secondary Basis .......................................... 160 
Secondary Rate ................................... 267, 272 
Section 871(m) .................................... 54, 1118 
Section 871(m) Event ................................. 606 
Section 871(m) Event (Hedging) ................ 606 
Securities ................................................ iii, 134 
Securities Actix, 142, 655, 667, 851, 1085, 
1088, 1115 
Securities Guarantee ......................... 4, 18, 143 
Securities Market Act ............................... 1096 
Securitisation Act 2004 ............................. 1037 
Security Index ............................................. 207 
Security Index Adjustment Event ............... 211 
Security Index Cancellation ........................ 211 
Security Index Condition ............................ 207 
Security Index Disruption ........................... 211 
Security Index Linked Securities .................... v 
Security Index Modification ....................... 211 
Security Index Substitution ......................... 212 
Security Ranking Basis ................................. 18 
Securityholder ................................... 137, 1076 
Securityholders ........................................... 136 
SeDeX ........................................................... vii 
Selection Date ............................................. 166 
Selling and Transfer Restrictions .................. 15 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes ........................ 453 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation ........ 309, 454 
Senior Obligation ........................................ 454 
Senior Reference Entity .............................. 454 
Seniority Level ............................................ 454 
Series ................................................. 134, 1058 
Series Parties ................................................. 28 
Settled Entity ............................................... 454 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount .......... 454 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount .. 454

--- Page 1219 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1193
 
Settled Entity Loss Amount ........................ 454 
Settled Entity Matrix .................................. 454 
Settled Entity Notional Amount ................. 454 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount ................ 454 
Settled Entity Weighting ............................ 455 
Settlement Business Day ............................ 653 
Settlement Currency ................................... 455 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount ...... 455 
Settlement Date .......................................... 183 
Settlement Disruption Event ....................... 653 
Settlement/Custodial Event ........................ 455 
SFA............................................. xxii, 665, 850 
SFO........................................................... 1102 
SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions ............. 619 
SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions ..... 618 
SGRs......................................................... 1146 
Share ........................................................... 233 
Share Company .......................................... 233 
Share Condition .......................................... 233 
Share Linked Securities .................................. v 
Share Substitution ....................................... 239 
Share Trustee .................................. 1037, 1043 
Shares ....................................................... 1043 
shortfall ...................................... iv, 5, 26, 152 
SIBA ......................................................... 1095 
Similar Law .............................................. 1081 
SIMs ......................................................... 1146 
Single Exchange Index ............................... 207 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes .............. 455 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount 382, 455 
Single Name Succession Reference Entity . 382 
Single Name Successor Entity ............ 382, 455 
Single Target Percentage ............................ 495 
Single Target Redemption Percentage ........ 571 
SIV ........................................................... 1106 
SL Agreement .................. 3, 36, 154, 822, 1009 
SL Counterparty ............................................. 2 
SL Transaction ................ 3, 36, 154, 823, 1009 
SL Transactions ................................ 3, 36, 154 
Slovak Securities Act ............................... 1110 
SMV ......................................................... 1106 
Snowball Accrual Day ................................ 545 
Snowball Accrual Denominator ................. 545 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount .................................. 545 
Snowball Accrual Numerator ..................... 545 
Snowball Accrual Period ............................ 545 
Snowball Accrual Rate ............................... 545 
Snowball Accrual Relevant Percentage ...... 545 
SOFR Fallback Provisions ......................... 622 
SOFR Floating Rate ................................... 619 
SOFR Index ................................................ 621 
SOFR IndexEnd ......................................... 622 
SOFR IndexStart ........................................ 622 
SOFR Observation Period .......................... 621 
SOFR Reference Rate................................. 621 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date ........... 621 
SOFRi ......................................................... 620 
Solvency Capital Provisions ....................... 455 
SONIA ........................................................ 617 
SONIA Compounded Index ........................ 618 
SONIA Floating Rate .................................. 616 
SONIA Index Floating Rate ........................ 618 
SONIAi ....................................................... 617 
SONIAi-5LBD ............................................ 617 
Sovereign .................................................... 455 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation
 .................................................................... 455 
Sovereign Succession Event ....................... 455 
Special Exemption .................................... 1158 
Specific Inconvertibility .............................. 268 
Specific Non-Transferability ....................... 268 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date .................. 638 
Specified Currency.............................. 433, 854 
Specified Currency Jurisdiction .................. 275 
Specified Early Exit MER Barrier Observation 
Date ............................................................. 507 
Specified ELIs ........................................... 1119 
Specified Final Valuation Date ................... 546 
Specified Financial Centre(s) ...................... 267 
Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date ..... 546 
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date 465 
Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date . 466 
Specified Interest Strike Date ..................... 466 
Specified Interest Valuation Date ............... 466 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date ........................................ 507 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Floor Strike Date ......................................... 507 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date ............................................................. 507 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date ...................... 507 
Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date ............................................ 507 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Date ............................................................. 545 
Specified MER Barrier Observation Date ... 507 
Specified MER Initial Floor Strike Date ..... 507 
Specified MER Strike Date ......................... 507 
Specified MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ............................................................. 507 
Specified Number ....................................... 456 
Specified Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date ............................................................. 546 
Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date
 .................................................................... 546 
Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date ............................................ 546 
Specified Redemption Strike Date .............. 546 
Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date ............................................ 546 
Specified Time ............................................ 646 
Specified Valuation Date ............................ 606 
SPECTRUM ................................................. vii 
Spread Cap Margin ..................................... 631 
Spread Interest Rate .................................... 629 
Spread Rate 1 .............................................. 631 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate .... 631 
Spread Rate 1 Margin ................................. 631

--- Page 1220 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1194
 
Spread Rate 2 .............................................. 631 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate ... 631 
Spread Rate 2 Margin ................................. 631 
Spread Rate 3 .............................................. 631 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate ... 631 
Spread Reference Rate ............................... 629 
Spread Securities ........................................ 631 
SRD Fallback Provisions ............................ 611 
SRO .......................................................... 1068 
SRO List ..................................................... 456 
SRO Rules ................................................ 1068 
SRR .............................................................. 47 
Stabilisation Manager(s) ............................. xvii 
Standard Event Determination Date ........... 456 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .................. 457 
Standard Reference Obligation ......... 457, 1068 
Standard Specified Currency ...................... 457 
Stapled Share .............................................. 233 
Start Date .................................................... 235 
Steps Plan ................................................... 457 
Sterling ....................................................... xvii 
STLF......................................................... 1172 
Strategy Breach .................................. 256, 263 
sub unit ....................................................... 204 
Subordinated Obligation ............................. 457 
Subordinated Reference Entity ................... 457 
Subordination ............................................. 432 
Substitute Asset .......................................... 654 
Substitute Index Level ................................ 216 
Substitute or Successor Rate Event ............ 662 
Substitute Reference Obligation ................. 457 
Substituted Charged Assets ........................ 149 
Substitution ................................................... 13 
Substitution Date ........................................ 458 
Substitution Event ...................................... 458 
Substitution Event Date .............................. 458 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount .... 458 
succeeded.................................................... 459 
succession ................................................... 459 
Succession Date .......................................... 460 
Successor .................................... 94, 458, 1067 
Successor Backstop Date .................. 459, 1067 
Successor Currency .................................... 269 
Successor Dividend Futures Contract ......... 282 
Successor Index ... 211, 217, 220, 223, 277, 278 
Successor Notice ........................................ 460 
Successor Resolution Request Date ........... 460 
SUGEVAL ............................................... 1097 
Supplemental Trust Deed ........................... 135 
Supplements ....................................... 668, 852 
Supplements to the Base Listing Particulars
 .................................................................... 853 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus .......... 669 
Supplements to the Original Base Prospectus
 .................................................................... 670 
Surviving Reference Entity Count .............. 384 
Swap Agreement .................35, 153, 822, 1008 
SWAP Counterparty ....................................... 2 
Swap Transaction ....................................... 612 
Synthetic Dividend ....................................... 57 
t ................................................... 494, 566, 590 
T2 ................................................................ 204 
T2 Business Day ......................................... 204 
T2 Settlement Day ...................................... 460 
Target Dividend .................................... 68, 235 
Tax Disruption ............................ 220, 229, 277 
Tax Reform ............................................... 1144 
TCA .......................................................... 1144 
TDt .............................................................. 235 
Tender Offer ............................... 239, 248, 255 
Terms and Conditions ................................. 134 
Terrorism Act ................................................ 32 
the 2021 Definitions .................................... 615 
TIA ............................................................ 1123 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation ................... 460 
Trade Date ................................................... 606 
Trading Disruption ...................................... 229 
Trading Suspension ..................................... 269 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation........... 460 
Tranche ............................................. 134, 1058 
Tranche Size ............................................... 460 
Transaction .................................................. 612 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ....... 460 
Transaction Documents ........................ 47, 194 
Transaction Type ........................................ 461 
Transactions ...............................................xviii 
Transfer Agent ........................................ 2, 135 
Transfer Taxes .......................................... 1137 
Transferable ................................................ 412 
Transferable 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics ............................................. 443 
Transferee ........................................... 153, 155 
Treaty .................................................. xvii, 201 
Trigger Event .............................................. 641 
Trigger Event Date ...................................... 641 
Trigger Event(i) .......................................... 641 
Trigger Level(i) ........................................... 641 
Trigger Percentage ...................................... 461 
Trust Deed................................................... 135 
Trustee .................................. 2, 135, 842, 1020 
TUIR ......................................................... 1145 
U ......................... 492, 566, 708, 789, 892, 974 
U.S. ..................................................... xvii, 122 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 285, 
622 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day . 647 
U.S. person ........................................ 142, 1086 
U.S. person ................................................ 1086 
U.S. person ................................................ 1087 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules................... 45, 1086 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime ................. 204 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ................. 39 
U.S.$ ........................................................... xvii 
U.S.C. .......................................................... 204 
UAE ............................................................. xxi 
UCL Adjustment ......................................... 501 
UCL Denominator ...................................... 502 
UCL Numerator .......................................... 502 
UCLt ........................................................... 235 
UCLt-1 ........................................................ 235

--- Page 1221 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1195
 
UK .............................................. 665, 849, 851 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ......................... 80 
UK CRA Regulation............ xiii, 829, 830, 831 
UK MiFIR .................................................. 849 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules xix, 849 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .............. xviii, 665, 849 
UK Prospectus Regulation 665, 849, 851, 1091 
UK Register .................................................. 81 
Ukraine Reference Entity ........................... 462 
Unassignable Obligations ........................... 371 
Undeliverable Assets .......................... 377, 462 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation ........ 373 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations ...... 462 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount
 .................................................................... 462 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations ................. 371 
Undeliverable Obligations .......................... 371 
Undeliverable Participations....................... 372 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation ... 373, 462 
Underlying ........................................... viii, 606 
Underlying Closing Level208, 215, 221, 229, 
233, 234, 243, 252, 261, 267, 273, 277, 281, 
285, 606 
Underlying Level208, 221, 229, 233, 243, 252, 
267, 273, 277, 281, 606 
Underlying Linked Securities ......................... v 
Underlying Obligation ................................ 462 
Underlying Obligor .................................... 462 
Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions ......... 661 
Underlying Return ...................................... 494 
Underlying Return (Final) .......................... 570 
Underlying RMB Currency Event .............. 606 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity ....................... 606 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility .............. 607 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability ....... 607 
Underlying Schedule .......................... 133, 607 
Underlying Schedules ................................. 133 
Underlying Securities ............................... 1118 
Underlying Share ........................................ 242 
Underlying Share Company ....................... 242 
Underlying Share Currency ........................ 235 
Underlying Share Event ............................. 248 
Underlying Share Exchange ....................... 242 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day 242 
Underlying Share Related Exchange .......... 242 
Underlying(s).................................................. 6 
unit .............................................................. 198 
Universal Successor .................. 459, 462, 1067 
Unscheduled Holiday .................................. 272 
Unwind Costs .............................................. 462 
Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level ........................................................... 534 
Upper MER Barrier Level........................... 534 
Upper Range ............................................... 638 
Upper Range 1 ............................................ 638 
Upper Range 2 ............................................ 638 
Upper Range 3 ............................................ 638 
US IGA ..................................................... 1123 
USBD .................................................. 622, 647 
USD .................................................... 270, 272 
USD SOFR Swap Rate ............................... 628 
UTPR ............................................................ 31 
V% .............................................................. 631 
Valuation and Settlement Condition ........... 607 
Valuation Date ............................ 373, 462, 607 
Valuation Method ............................... 373, 463 
Valuation Obligation ................................... 464 
Valuation Obligations ................................. 301 
Valuation Postponement ............................. 272 
Valuation Roll ............................................. 607 
Valuation Time208, 213, 221, 233, 243, 252, 
273, 281, 285, 374, 464, 607 
Vienna MTF .................................................. vii 
VM CSA ....................................................... 38 
Voting Shares .............................................. 464 
Weighted Average Final Price .................... 464 
Wn ............................................... 496, 525, 572 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date ........ 566 
Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date .... 492 
x .......................................................... 618, 640 
X ......................................................... 497, 573 
X Percentage ............................................... 207 
y .......................................................... 174, 618 
Y1 ....................................................... 642, 643 
Y2 ....................................................... 642, 643 
Yen .............................................................. xvii 
your currency ................................................ 48 
Z .................................................................. 506 
Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA) .......... 175 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period ................. 175 
Zero Coupon Determination Period ............ 175

--- Page 1222 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
1196
 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
THE ISSUERS 
 
Ensemble Investment Corporation SA 
Concerto Investment Corporation Limited 
15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen 
L-2411 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
MaplesFS Limited 
PO Box 1093 
Queensgate House 
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102 
Cayman Islands
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
REDEMPTION AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT AND THE DETERMINATION 
AGENT AND/OR COUNTERPARTY 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
 
REGISTRAR AND/OR CERTIFICATE AGENT 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
COUNTERPARTY 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 7-11 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, AGENT BANK, TRANSFER AGENT AND (IF SO 
SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) AND CALCULATION AGENT  
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
 
COUNTERPARTIES (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 7-11 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 1223 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
1197
 
THE CUSTODIAN 
(UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
 
Citibank Europe plc (Luxembourg Branch) 
31, Z.A. Bourmicht 
L-8070 Bertrange 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
THE PROGRAMME TRUSTEE AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE 
TERMS) THE TRUSTEE 
 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c.  
8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate Street 
London EC2N 4AG  
England 
 
AUDITORS TO ENSEMBLE 
 
KPMG Audit S.à r.l.  
39, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London, E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO LUXEMBOURG LAW 
 
Ashurst LLP – Luxembourg Branch 
Le Dôme 
Building A 
15, rue Bender 
L-1229 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO UNITED STATES LAW 
 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
 
LISTING AGENTS 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland