--- Page 1 ---
@ntinental8 
Base Prospectus 
Dated May 4, 2022 
 
This document constitutes three base prospectuses for the purpose of article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation): (i) the base prospectus of Continental 
Aktiengesellschaft in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (Non-Equity 
Securities), (ii) the base prospectus of Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. in respect of Non-Equity Securities and (iii) the base prospectus of 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp. in respect of Non-Equity Securities (together, the Prospectus).  
 
Continental Aktiengesellschaft 
(Hanover, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by 
Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. and Continental Rubber of America, Corp., as Guarantor 
 
Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. 
(Maastricht, The Netherlands) 
as Issuer 
 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp. 
(Wilmington, Delaware, United States of America) 
as Issuer 
 
EUR 7,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the Programme) 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor or of the quality of the notes issued under the Programme (the Notes) that are the subject of this 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to list the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II). 
However, Notes may also be issued under the Programme which are listed on a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or which are not listed on any stock exchange. 
Each issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act 
relating to prospectuses for securities dated July 16, 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières - the 
Luxembourg Law) to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany and The Netherlands with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (Notification). Each issuer 
may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area with a 
Notification. By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
operation or the quality or solvency of each issuer pursuant to article 6(4) Luxembourg Law. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank  
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho Securities 
NatWest Markets 
SMBC 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
UniCredit 
Wells Fargo Securities 
 
This Prospectus and any supplement to this Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents incorporated 
by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). It replaces the base prospectus of the Issuers 
relating to the Programme dated May 12, 2021. This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from its date of approval. The 
validity ends upon expiration of May 4, 2023. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in accordance with article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Continental Aktiengesellschaft (Continental AG or the Guarantor, together with its consolidated group 
companies, Continental, Continental Group or the Group) with its registered office in Hanover, Federal Republic 
of Germany, Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. (Conti-Gummi Finance or CGF) with its registered office in Maastricht, 
The Netherlands and Continental Rubber of America, Corp. with its registered office in Wilmington, Delaware, 
USA (Continental Rubber of America or CRoA) (each an Issuer and together the Issuers) accept responsibility 
for the information given in this Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as 
defined herein). 
Each Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Prospectus for 
which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any tranche of Notes (each a Tranche), together 
with the relevant final terms (the Final Terms). Full information on the Issuers and any Tranche is only available 
on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement to the Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus contains all information with 
regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Notes which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue 
and offering of Notes thereunder; that the statements contained herein with respect to the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that the opinions and 
intentions expressed herein are honestly held and are based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts 
with respect to the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Notes, the omission of which would make this Prospectus as a 
whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading; that the Issuers 
have made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the purposes aforesaid. 
This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from its date of approval and this Prospectus and any 
supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. The delivery of 
this Prospectus, any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not 
be taken as an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to 
their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Each Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation or publish a new prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in this Prospectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when this 
Prospectus has been approved and the closing of any tranche of Notes offered to the public or, as the case may be, 
when trading of any tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this 
Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by any 
Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuers, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any 
document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any 
relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the 
information contained in any of these documents.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final Terms come are 
required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the restrictions 
applicable in the European Economic Area in general (EEA), the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland (the UK), the United States of America (United States or USA or U.S.), Canada, Switzerland, Singapore 
and Japan see "Selling Restrictions". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and include notes in bearer form that are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered in, into nor 
within the USA or to U.S. persons. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS: The Notes may be sold only to purchasers in Canada purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined 
in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of 
Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for 
rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of 
the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the product 
approval process conducted by any Dealer who is a manufacturer with respect to the Notes for the purposes of the 
MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (each a manufacturer), the Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. None of Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance and Continental Rubber of America is a 
manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK Distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. None of Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance and Continental 
Rubber of America is a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the purposes of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
PRIIPs REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the relevant Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU

--- Page 4 ---
4 
(as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. If the above-mentioned legend 
is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the above mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The language of the Prospectus is English. Any part of this Prospectus in the German language constitutes a 
translation. In respect of the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the German text of the terms and 
conditions (the Terms and Conditions) may be controlling and binding if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of the German law governed guarantee (the Guarantee) (including the negative pledge contained 
therein) the German language version is always controlling and binding. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone 
in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAMME, 
THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF A STABILISATION MANAGER) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE 
MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A HIGHER LEVEL THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES 
IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE 
EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 
60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. 
ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS AN OBLIGATION UNDER THIS PROGRAMME THAT IS 
TREATED AS IN BEARER FORM FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES WILL BE 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN CLAUSES 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED. 
BENCHMARKS 
REGULATION 
- 
STATEMENT 
IN 
RELATION 
TO 
ADMINISTRATOR'S 
REGISTRATION – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes offered on the basis of this Prospectus may specify

--- Page 5 ---
5 
that interest amounts payable under the relevant Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (EURIBOR), which as at the date of this Prospectus is provided by European Money Markets 
Institute (EMMI), the Euro short-term rate (€STR), which is provided by the European Central Bank (the ECB) or 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the 
Federal Reserve). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016, as 
amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and save where required by applicable law the Issuers do not intend to 
include in the relevant Final Terms any information on the registration status of any administrator. Given that the 
Benchmarks Regulation does not apply to central banks and that the €STR and SOFR are administered by the ECB 
and the Federal Reserve, respectively, €STR and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
as of the date of this Prospectus. 
In this Prospectus, all references to €, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
the European economic and monetary union, and defined in article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 
May 3, 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as amended. U.S. dollars or USD refer to the lawful currency of the 
United States. CAD refers to the lawful currency of Canada. 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating and the respective rating 
agency will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Prospectus on the market environment, 
market developments, growth rates, market trends and competition in the markets in which the Issuers operate is 
taken from publicly available sources, including, but not limited to, third-party studies or the Issuers’ own 
estimates that are also primarily based on data or figures from publicly available sources. The information from 
third-party sources that is cited here has been reproduced accurately. As far as the Issuers are aware and are able to 
ascertain from information published by such third-party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information published inaccurate or misleading. 
This Prospectus also contains estimates of market data and information derived from these estimates that would not 
be available from publications issued by market research firms or from any other independent sources. This 
information is based on the Issuers’ internal estimates and, as such, may differ from the estimates made by the 
Issuers’ competitors or from data collected in the future by market research firms or other independent sources. To 
the extent the Issuers derived or summarized the market information contained in this Prospectus from a number of 
different studies, an individual study is not cited unless the respective information can be taken from it directly. 
The Issuers have not independently verified the market data and other information on which third parties have 
based their studies or the external sources on which the Issuers’ own estimates are based. Therefore, the Issuers 
assume no responsibility for the accuracy of the information on the market environment, market developments, 
growth rates, market trends and competitive situation presented in this Prospectus from third-party studies or the 
accuracy of the information on which the Issuers’ own estimates are based. Any statements regarding the market 
environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation presented in this 
Prospectus regarding Continental Group and its operating business areas contained in this Prospectus are based on 
own estimates and/or analysis unless other sources are specified. 
Some figures (including percentages) in the Prospectus have been rounded in accordance with commercial 
rounding. In some instances, such rounded figures and percentages may not add up to 100% or to the totals or 
subtotals contained in the Prospectus. Furthermore, totals and subtotals in tables may differ slightly from 
unrounded figures contained in the Prospectus due to rounding in accordance with commercial rounding. A dash 
("—") indicates that no data was reported for a specific line item in the relevant financial year or period, while a 
zero ("0") is used when the pertinent figure, after rounding, amounts to nil. 
The information on any website included in the Prospectus, except for the website www.bourse.lu in the context of 
the documents incorporated by reference, do not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does 
not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of 
amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms 
and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", 
"project" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to 
statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding 
Continental Group's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory 
conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuers 
make to the best of their present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties 
and other factors which could cause actual results, including Continental Group's financial condition and results of 
operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or 
described in these forward-looking statements. Continental Group's business is also subject to a number of risks 
and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become 
inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk 
Factors", "Continental AG", "Conti-Gummi Finance", "Continental Rubber of America" and "Business of the 
Continental Group". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on 
Continental Group's business and the markets in which it operates.  
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. In 
addition, neither the Issuers nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any 
forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs), as defined in the guidelines issued by 
ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published as 
from 3 July 2016, which are not recognised financial measures under the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and as adopted by the European Union 
(IFRS). Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial 
information prepared in accordance with IFRS included elsewhere in this Prospectus. These APMs may not be 
comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
these APMs and are also advised to review them in conjunction with the financial statements of the Issuers 
including the related notes.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme .......................................................................................................................... 8 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................................................. 11 
General Information on the Issuers .............................................................................................................................. 33 
Business of the Continental Group ............................................................................................................................... 53 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .............................................................................................................................. 67 
Form of Final Terms .................................................................................................................................................. 172 
Guarantee (English language version)........................................................................................................................ 200 
Guarantee (German language version) ....................................................................................................................... 205 
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................................... 211 
Taxation Warning ....................................................................................................................................................... 212 
Subscription and Sale ................................................................................................................................................. 213 
General Information ................................................................................................................................................... 220 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ...................................................................................................................... 222 
Names and Addresses................................................................................................................................................. 225

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under this EUR 7,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, the relevant Issuer may from time to time issue notes 
(the Notes) to one or more of the following Dealers: BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, Mizuho Securities 
Europe GmbH, NatWest Markets N.V., SMBC Bank EU AG, Standard Chartered Bank AG, UniCredit Bank AG 
and Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A. and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer(s), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the Dealers). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the Arranger). 
Citibank Europe plc will act as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent) and paying agent (the Paying Agent). The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme (the Programme 
Amount) will not exceed EUR 7,500,000,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency). The Issuers may increase 
the Programme Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to 
time.  
Notes issued by Conti-Gummi Finance or Continental Rubber of America will have the benefit of a Guarantee (the 
Guarantee) given by Continental AG. The Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligation of the Guarantor ranking pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor. 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in Tranches, each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in all 
respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and are 
identical in all respects, but which may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and 
dates for first interest payments may form a series (Series) of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of 
existing Series.  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, 
EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at least to EUR 1,000 at the 
time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant 
central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any other currency. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms of Notes listed 
on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly 
offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www
 .bourse.
 lu). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more 
member states of the European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will 
be displayed on the website of Continental (www.continental.com).  
The Notes are freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant clearing system and 
will be issued with a term to maturity of 1 year at a minimum and 30 years at a maximum. They may be offered to 
qualified and non-qualified investors. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of 
a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers 
during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. 
The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates is calculated in accordance with the International Capital Market 
Association (ICMA) method and based on the issue price of the Notes. The ICMA method determines the effective 
interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Application has been made to list the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the 
Notes to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as amended. 
However, Notes may also be issued under the Programme which are listed on a stock exchange other than the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or which are not listed on any stock exchange.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Issue Procedures 
General 
The relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche (the Conditions). The Conditions will be constituted by the terms and conditions of the Notes set forth 
below (the Terms and Conditions) as further specified by the provisions of the Final Terms as set out below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide 
for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates; 
Documentation of the Conditions  
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or 
Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed 
provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to 
each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions 
will be used where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole 
or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
-  
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by only referring to 
the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. The Final Terms 
will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in 
the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular 
Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the 
Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders  
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. 
Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options 
(characterised by indicating the optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the 
left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) 
as well as placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be 
determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant 
provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an alternative or optional 
provision it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the 
Conditions.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Controlling Language  
As to controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
-  
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, or (ii) 
initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, 
German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified 
investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the 
Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer as specified on the 
back of this Prospectus. 
-  
In other cases, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that may affect the ability of Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. 
and Continental Rubber of America, Corp. to fulfil their respective obligations under the Guarantee and the Notes 
and that are material to the Notes issued under the Programme in order to assess the risks associated with these 
Notes. Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, prospective investors should carefully review 
and consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in this Prospectus (including any 
documents incorporated by reference) or any supplement to this Prospectus and consult with their own professional 
advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) if they consider it necessary or appropriate. 
In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described may combine and thus intensify one another. The 
order in which the risks are presented reflects, in the Issuers' current view, the likelihood of their occurrence and the 
magnitude of their potential impact on the business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition of 
Continental Group. 
 
Investing in the Notes could involve additional risks and uncertainties of which Continental AG, Conti-Gummi 
Finance B.V. and Continental Rubber of America, Corp. are not presently aware or which Continental AG, Conti-
Gummi Finance B.V. and Continental Rubber of America, Corp. may currently not consider material on the basis of 
their regular risk assessments, and which could adversely affect Continental Group’s business activities and 
financial condition and results of operations and the ability of Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. and 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp. to fulfil their respective obligations under the Guarantee and the Notes. The 
risks to which the business of Continental is exposed may result in inaccuracies in risk assessments or other forward-
looking statements. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Terms and Conditions" shall have the same meanings in this section of 
the Prospectus. 
 
RISKS RELATED TO CONTINENTAL AG AND THE CONTINENTAL GROUP 
I. RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN WHICH CONTINENTAL OPERATES 
Continental is exposed to significant risks in connection with the global economy. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine as 
well as reactions of the majority of nations have caused and may continue to cause severe disruptions in the 
European and global economy and financial markets and could potentially create widespread business continuity 
issues. 
Continental's business depends in many ways on global economic conditions, which have shown significant 
volatility in recent years. In 2021, global automotive markets recovered more slowly than expected, with ongoing 
high volatility and uncertainty resulting in particular from supply chain delays and disruptions. 
The current geopolitical situation has a significant impact on global economic conditions. Following the invasion of 
Ukraine by Russia, several nations, international organizations as well as the EU have resolved on additional 
sanctions and export controls imposed on Russia, Belarus, certain Ukrainian regions and certain Russian companies 
and individuals as well as other measures. Additional sanctions as well as Russian counter-sanctions are likely to 
follow. This might include further restrictions regarding the export of Russian coal, oil and gas supply, which is 
expected to result in a significant increase in energy prices and might endanger the continuous energy supply in the 
EU. Rising energy prices and disruptions in the energy supply could also result in higher prices for raw materials and 
components as the production costs of the suppliers increase accordingly. 
These measures might have a significant macro-economic impact in Europe and globally, amongst others, a rising 
inflation and economic downturn. It is not yet possible to predict with sufficient certainty the extent and impact 
which these and additional measures will have on the global economy, the financial markets and the industry's 
growth. Depending on the duration and the further development of the war against the Ukraine, the related economic 
risks might further increase and there might be a long-lasting negative impact on the global economy. 
Continental's business and operations are already affected by the Russian war against Ukraine and might be further 
affected. Following the invasion, Continental has temporarily suspended the production at its plant in Kaluga and 
also temporarily suspended imports and exports of its products to and from Russia on a group-wide level. Given the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
fast-evolving situation, Continental monitors the situation and current legislation regarding sanctions closely. Any 
non-compliance might lead to (potentially) high financial and reputational damages as well as criminal charges. 
Moreover, depending on the further development of this war and the Russian legislation, Continental might face 
expropriations and ultimately be forced to make write-offs regarding its assets in Russia. 
The Russian war against Ukraine has already resulted in a deficit of certain raw materials such as carbon black as 
well as spare parts and components and amplifies the ongoing in-balance of supply and demand of the automotive 
industry, as the supply side is already strained from the COVID-19 pandemic. At the moment, Continental is affected 
by this, as the production of automotive industry is slowed down, including business with original equipment 
manufacturer (OEM) customers. It is currently unclear how long the disruptions will last, to what extent other 
suppliers might also be affected and if it will affect Continental directly.  
The continuation and potential expansion of the Russian war against Ukraine poses a material risk for the European 
as well as global economy, including the already strained supply chain, the energy supply and financial system, as 
well as European and global political stability, which could have a material adverse effect on Continental's business, 
net assets, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, due to the ongoing COVID‑19 pandemic, the 
global economy experienced and may continue to experience a significant downturn and ongoing high volatility and 
uncertainty. The duration of the general economic uncertainties as well as its effects on global supply chains and 
Continental's various business areas will largely depend on the timing, suitability and effectiveness of containment 
measures as well as the corresponding relief packages and fiscal stimulus measures. Negative effects will be 
exacerbated the longer the COVID-19 pandemic lasts. As a result, not only the automotive industry, and therefore 
Continental's OEM business, but also the non-OEM business in the industry and the automotive aftermarket are and 
will continue to be heavily affected. With a 61% share of consolidated sales in the financial year ended December 
31, 2021, the automotive industry (with the exception of the replacement business) is Continental’s most important 
customer group. Moreover, there might be lasting changes in consumer behavior that might impact long-term global 
vehicle demand as well as Continental's other end markets to different extents. 
There are numerous other factors that may have an impact on the global economy and also affect the demand for 
Continental's products, such as the Russian war against the Ukraine, ongoing trade conflicts and protectionist 
tendencies around the world. 
Continental could be severely affected by the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic over a longer period.  
Due to the ongoing COVID‑19 pandemic and the associated measures to tackle this worldwide, as well as the 
significant restrictions on production both at Continental and at its customers and suppliers, including due to strict 
lockdowns in China, there is a risk of significant and long-term negative effects on the Continental Group's sales and 
procurement markets. This would have a considerable negative impact on the availability of raw materials and 
components as well as Continental's sales volumes both in the OEM business and in the industrial and replacement 
business. The duration of the general economic downturn as well as its effects on global supply chains and 
Continental's various business units will largely depend on the success of containment measures as well as the 
effectiveness of corresponding relief packages and fiscal stimulus measures. There is, however, the risk of 
considerable and long-term negative effects on Continental’s earnings, financial and net assets position.  
Continental is exposed to geopolitical risks. 
Current geopolitical developments such as the Russian war against Ukraine (see: “Continental is exposed to 
significant risks in connection with the global economy. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine as well as reactions of the 
majority of nations have caused and may continue to cause severe disruptions in the European and global economy 
and financial markets and could potentially create widespread business continuity issues.”), the conflict between 
China and Taiwan, and the recent disputes between China and Lithuania could have an impact on Continental’s sales 
and procurement markets. These include sanctions, related countermeasures and other risks in supply chains as well 
as unforeseeable effects on the global economy. 
The automotive supply industry is characterized by intense competition, which could reduce Continental's sales or 
put continued pressure on its sales prices. 
The automotive supply industry is highly competitive and has been characterized by rapid technological change, high 
capital as well as high research and development expenditure requirements, intense pricing pressure from major 
customers, periods of oversupply and continuous advancements in process technologies and manufacturing facilities. 
Continental's competitors, in particular its competitors from Asia, may pursue an aggressive pricing policy and offer 
conditions to customers that are more favorable than Continental's. Especially in the Automotive group sector, new

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
competitors from the electronics and software industry are entering the automotive market with new alliances, 
products and business models. Aside from this, the markets in which Continental is active are characterized by a 
trend towards consolidation. Increased consolidation among Continental's suppliers or competitors or between 
Continental's suppliers or competitors and any of its automotive OEM customers could allow competitors to further 
benefit from economies of scale, offer more comprehensive product portfolios and increase the size of their 
serviceable markets which could adversely affect Continental's profit margins and market share. Furthermore, 
competitors may gain control over or influence on suppliers or customers of Continental by shareholdings in such 
companies, which could adversely affect Continental's supplier relationships. 
Continental largely depends on sales generated from original equipment manufacturers. 
In the financial year ended December 31, 2021, Continental generated 61% of its consolidated sales from the 
automotive industry (with the exception of the replacement business). In its Automotive group sector, the focus on 
automotive OEMs is particularly high. Continental's five largest automotive OEM customers generated 
approximately 33% of Continental's total sales in 2021. If one or more of Continental's automotive OEM customers 
is lost or terminates a supply contract prematurely, the original investments made by Continental to provide such 
products or outstanding claims against such customers could be wholly or partially lost. 
Continental is exposed to risks associated with the market trends and developments that may greatly affect the 
demand for Continental’s products and systems. 
In the financial year ended December 31, 2021, Continental generated 61% of its consolidated sales from the 
automotive industry (with the exception of the replacement business) mainly in the Automotive group sector. Global 
production of vehicles and, as a result, business with automotive OEM customers, are currently subject to a number 
of market trends and technological developments that may greatly affect the mix of products and systems sold by 
Continental to OEMs, including the trend toward more electronic, software and digitalized products, affecting 
demand for established analog/mechanical products and systems. 
As a result of these market trends and technical developments, the vehicle mix sold by Continental's customers, as 
well as the vehicle equipment, has changed in the last few years and may also continue to change in the future. 
Should Continental not be able to develop appropriate strategies as a response to these (or similar) market trends and 
technical developments, the effects of such trends and technical developments could have a material adverse effect 
on Continental's sales and profit margins.  
Continental operates in a cyclical industry. 
With a 61% share of consolidated sales in the financial year ended December 31, 2021, the automotive industry 
(with the exception of the replacement business) is Continental’s most important customer group. Global production 
of vehicles and, as a result, sales to automotive OEMs are subjected to major fluctuations in some cases. They 
depend, among other things, on general economic conditions, the disposable income and household consumer 
spending and preferences, which can be affected by a number of factors, including fuel costs as well as the 
availability and cost of consumer financing. As the volume of automotive production fluctuates, the demand for 
Continental's products also fluctuates, as automotive OEMs generally do not commit to purchasing minimum 
quantities from their suppliers, or to fixed prices. It is difficult to predict future developments in the markets 
Continental serves, which also makes it harder to estimate the requirements for production capacity.  
As Continental's business is characterized by high fixed costs, it is thus exposed to the risk that fixed costs are not 
fully covered in the event of falling demand and the resulting underutilization of its facilities (particularly in the 
Automotive group sector). Conversely, should the markets in which Continental operates grow faster than 
anticipated, there could be insufficient capacity to meet customer demand.  
Continental generates by far the greatest share of its total sales in Europe and, in particular, in Germany and 
therefore may be more affected in case of a prolonged economic downturn in Europe or in Germany. 
In the financial year ended December 31, 2021, Continental generated 49% of its total sales in Europe, and 17% of 
its total sales were generated in Germany alone. By comparison, 25% of Continental's total sales in 2021 were 
generated in North America, 22% in Asia-Pacific, and 4% in other countries. Therefore, in the event of an economic 
downturn in Europe, and in Germany in particular, for example, Continental's business and earnings situation could 
be affected more extensively than that of its competitors.  
Furthermore, the automotive and tire markets in Europe and North America are largely saturated. Continental is 
therefore seeking to generate more sales in emerging markets, particularly Asia. However, a failure to diversify its

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
sales geographically could have a material adverse effect on Continental's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
Continental is exposed to fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and electronic components as well as a rise in 
energy and logistics costs. 
For the Automotive group sector, higher prices for electronic components in particular could result in cost increases. 
The Tires and ContiTech group sectors mainly use natural and synthetic rubber as well as oil-based raw materials. 
Prices for these raw materials and components in Continental’s global supply markets are subject to considerable 
fluctuations; they have recently increased considerably and may continue to increase, including as a consequence of 
sharply rising oil prices following the Russian invasion of Ukraine and general inflationary trends. At present, 
Continental does not actively hedge against the risk of rising prices of electronic components or raw materials by 
using derivative instruments.  
As a manufacturer dependent on large quantities of energy for production purposes, Continental is also affected by 
changes in energy prices. There may be a significant rise in energy and logistics costs, including due to an increase 
in inflation. 
Continental is exposed to risks of protectionist measures, e.g. additional or higher tariffs. 
Due to the trend toward protectionism and the increase in trade conflicts around the world, Continental sees itself at 
risk from additional or higher tariffs on automobiles and on the products, components and raw materials it supplies 
or purchases. These developments may, among others, cause demand for Continental's products to drop and costs to 
increase, and could have a negative impact on Continental's business, sales and earnings situation, Continental's 
supply chain, if suppliers are also negatively affected, or may lead to payment difficulties on the customers' side 
which would all have an adverse effect on Continental's business and earnings. 
II. RISKS RELATED TO CONTINENTAL'S BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
Continental depends on its ability to develop and bring to market innovative products in a timely manner, which 
includes providing sufficient funds for this purpose. 
The automotive market is, in particular, characterized by progressive development toward partially, highly and fully 
automated vehicles in the coming years, resulting, inter alia, in the necessity to provide solutions for the 
interconnection of vehicles with each other and with the internet. Furthermore, there are growing demands by 
customers and stricter regulations with respect to engine efficiency, as well as toward affordable cars and hybrid and 
electric vehicles. These new developments could entail technical challenges, the mastering of which could be very 
time consuming for Continental. Consequently, Continental may be unable to develop innovative products and adapt 
them to market conditions quickly enough. In this context, Continental also faces the risk of regulatory changes 
affecting innovative products such as autonomous driving.  
In the Automotive group sector, delays in the development process due to steadily increasing complexity or lack of 
availability of qualified specialists could result in delayed product launches, which could lead to potential claims 
from customers. This could relate to specific projects for individual customers as well as general developments 
affecting multiple customers. 
Furthermore, developing new and improved products is very costly and therefore requires a substantial amount of 
funding. Should Continental be unable to provide sufficient funding to finance its development activities, or should 
Continental be unable to adapt to market developments or regulatory changes, it could lose its competitive position 
in a number of important and rapidly growing sub-markets. If Continental devotes resources to the pursuit of new 
technologies and products that fail to be accepted in the marketplace or that fail to be commercially viable, all or part 
of these research and development (R&D) expenses may be lost.  
The need to develop and bring to market new products requires Continental to engage in new business areas and 
fields of operations. The failure to adequately adapt its business operations to such market developments may 
severely affect Continental's future success and market position. 
Continental is dependent on a limited number of key suppliers for certain products. 
Continental is subject to the risk of unavailability of certain raw materials and production materials. With regard to 
certain materials, single sourcing cannot always be avoided and, consequently, Continental is dependent on certain

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
suppliers in the Tires and ContiTech group sectors as well as with respect to certain products manufactured in the 
Automotive group sector. 
Since Continental's procurement logistics are mostly organized on a just-in-time or just-in-sequence basis, supply 
delays, cancellations, strikes, insufficient quantities (e.g. shortage of semiconductors) or inadequate quality can lead 
to interruptions in production and, therefore, have a negative impact on Continental's business operations in these 
areas. If one of Continental's suppliers is unable to meet its delivery obligations for any reason (e.g. insolvency, 
destruction of production plants, refusal to perform following a change in control, tariffs or the far-reaching effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic) or if corresponding deliveries are affected by sanctions or related countermeasures due 
to geopolitical conflicts such as the Russian war against the Ukraine, Continental may be unable to source input 
products from other suppliers on short notice at the required volume. Such developments and events can therefore 
cause delays in the delivery or completion of Continental products or projects and could result in Continental having 
to purchase products or services from third parties at higher costs or even to financially support its own suppliers.  
Furthermore, in many cases automotive OEM customers have approval rights with respect to the suppliers used by 
Continental, which could make it impossible for Continental to source input products from other suppliers upon short 
notice if the relevant automotive OEM customer has not already approved other suppliers at an earlier point in time. 
All of this could lead to order cancellations. Claims for damages on a considerable scale can also not be ruled out. In 
addition, Continental's reputation amongst automotive OEMs could suffer, with the possible consequence that they 
select a different supplier.  
Continental is exposed to warranty and product liability claims. 
Continental is constantly subject to product liability claims and proceedings alleging violations of due care, violation 
of warranty obligations, or material defects and claims arising from breaches of contracts due to recalls or 
government proceedings. Moreover, defective products could result in loss of sales and loss of customer and market 
acceptance. Additionally, any defect in one of Continental's products (in particular tires and other safety-related 
products) could also have a material adverse effect on Continental's reputation and market perception. This could in 
turn have a negative impact on Continental's sales and income. 
Moreover, vehicle manufacturers are increasingly requiring a contribution from their suppliers for potential product 
liability, warranty and recall claims. In addition, Continental has long been subject to continuing efforts by its 
customers to change contract terms and conditions concerning the contribution to warranty and recall cost. 
Furthermore, Continental manufactures many products pursuant to automotive OEM customer specifications and 
quality requirements. If the products manufactured and delivered by Continental do not meet the requirements 
stipulated by its automotive OEM customers at the agreed date of delivery, production of the relevant products is 
generally discontinued until the cause of the product defect has been identified and remedied. Continental's 
automotive OEM customers could potentially claim damages, even if the cause of the defect is remedied at a later 
point in time. Besides this, failure to fulfil quality requirements could have an adverse effect on the market 
acceptance of Continental's other products and its market reputation.  
Continental is exposed to information technology risks. 
With regard to its business and production processes, products and its internal and external communication, 
Continental is highly dependent on centralized and standardized information technology systems and networks. 
These systems and networks as well as the products themselves are potentially exposed to the risk of various forms 
of cybercrime as well as damage and disruption that can have a wide range of other causes. In hacker attacks, third 
parties could attempt to gain unauthorized access to confidential information and data that is stored, processed or 
communicated in the systems and networks. In addition, data, products and systems could be blocked, damaged, 
controlled or destroyed as a result of becoming infected with viruses or malware. 
System and network disruptions and corresponding attacks, a prolonged outage in a computer center or 
telecommunication network or a comparable incident could result in systems or networks becoming unexpectedly 
unavailable over an extended period. Should the precautions taken prove insufficient to adequately protect the 
systems, Continental could suffer considerable damage and disadvantages as a result of outages or the knowledge 
and use of its information by third parties. 
Furthermore, Continental is exposed to risks resulting from the outsourcing of information technology functions to 
external service providers. Specifically, Continental is dependent on the permanent availability, performance and 
cybercrime resilience of external service providers to which it outsources information technology functions.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Continental could be adversely affected by property loss and business interruption. 
Fire, natural hazards, terrorism, acts of war, power failures, diseases or other disturbances at Continental's production 
facilities or within Continental's supply chain – with customers and with suppliers – can result in severe damage and 
loss. Such far-reaching negative consequences can also arise from political unrest or instability. Furthermore, such 
events could injure or damage individuals, third-party property or the environment, which could, among other things, 
lead to considerable financial costs for Continental.  
The Transformation 2019 – 2029 structural program could fail to realize the anticipated improvements and 
efficiencies. 
In September 2019, Continental launched the Transformation 2019–2029 structural program in response to, amongst 
others, a declining global automotive production and the growing customer demand for digital solutions. The 
program also takes into account multiple parallel developments: an increasingly digitalized working environment, 
the emerging crisis in the automotive industry and the accelerated change in powertrain technology as a result of 
more stringent emissions legislation. 
This program will allow Continental to achieve gross savings of EUR 850 million annually from 2023 onward. For 
example, in connection with the program, Continental ceased the production at the location in Rubí, Spain at the end 
of 2021. As a consequence, the production of display and control technologies at this location has been gradually 
phased out or transferred to other European locations by the end of 2021. In addition, Continental also decided to 
phase out the production of display and control technologies at its Babenhausen, Germany location by the end of 
2028, with certain research and development activities to be transferred to other locations by the end of 2023. Further, 
with regard to its tire plant in Aachen, Germany, Continental and employee representatives agreed on the gradual 
phasing out of production by the end of 2022 at the latest. Another example, in connection with the program, is that 
it was further decided that the location in Nogales, Mexico is to be closed and the production of vehicle 
communication and connectivity technology and drive system components at this location is expected to be gradually 
phased out approximately by mid-2024, with some activities transferred to other locations in this region. Continental 
expects the program to cost around EUR 1.1 billion over its 10-year term. These costs and cash-outflows will mostly 
be incurred until 2024.  
However, Continental cannot guarantee that it will be able to implement the structural program within the envisaged 
timeline or may not be able to implement all measures as planned, e.g. due to negotiation requirements by social 
partners such as unions. Should measures be delayed or not be possible at all or should the measures fail to have the 
envisaged impact, the costs involved in the structural program may increase or the program may not yield benefits 
that are sufficient to justify the risks and expenses Continental already incurred and is expected to incur in the future 
for the structural program.  
Risks relating to the spin-off of parts of the former Powertrain business area. 
Continental cannot guarantee that the past carve-out and spin-off of parts of its former Powertrain business area, 
which became effective with the spin-off of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft (Vitesco Technologies, 
together with its consolidated group companies, Vitesco Technologies Group) on September 15, 2021, will yield 
benefits that are sufficient to justify the risks and expenses Continental has incurred and still incurs for the carve-out 
and spin-off. Upon consummation of the spin-off, Continental did not receive any proceeds for the distribution of the 
shares in Vitesco Technologies beside the 20,000 shares that Continental AG sold into the market after the spin-off. 
Vitesco Technologies and the Vitesco Technologies Group can be held liable together with Continental AG for a 
term of 5 years from the spin-off for any indebtedness incurred by Continental AG as of the spin-off. After such date, 
creditors may only direct their claims at Continental. In addition, Continental granted guarantees for the benefit of 
certain customers of Vitesco Technologies. 
A certain volume of products of Vitesco Technologies Group continues to be manufactured in plants of Continental 
Group and, vice versa, a comparable volume of products of Continental Group continues to be manufactured in 
plants of Vitesco Technologies Group until completion of the full separation of all production facilities and 
equipment. The contract manufacturing with Continental Group also includes prolongations of the term of payment 
for the Vitesco Technologies Group. 
However, contract manufacturing services provided by Vitesco Technologies Group may face quality issues or other 
interruptions or delays. Should Vitesco Technologies Group not be in a position to fulfill its contractual obligations 
concerning contract manufacturing, Continental Group might not be able to deliver products as agreed with its 
customers or might be exposed to additional costs or subject to defaults by Vitesco Technologies Group. Also, 
Continental Group may not be able to separate or take over the relevant production equipment, or ramp up its own or

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
external production capacities, within the agreed timelines and/or at costs and on terms comparable to the costs or 
terms currently agreed. In turn, contract manufacturing services provided by Continental Group may also face quality 
issues or other interruptions or delays, exposing Continental Group to claims by or cost reimbursement to Vitesco 
Technologies Group.  
Vitesco Technologies Group continues to receive various services after the spin-off, in particular in the area of order 
management and local infrastructure. The relationship between Continental Group and Vitesco Technologies Group 
has been specified in several agreements. However, should Vitesco Technologies Group be unable to fulfill its 
contractual obligations vis-à-vis Continental Group, Continental Group is exposed to the risk to build up own 
capacities or to find other suppliers to source the products. 
Continental faces specific risks and uncertainties from international operations, in particular emerging markets. 
Continental has significant international operations in countries outside Continental's major markets Europe and 
North America. Continental intends to expand further, in particular into emerging markets, such as China, Brazil and 
India. Therefore, Continental expects that sales from countries outside of Europe and North America will account for 
an increasing portion of its sales in the future. International growth and expansion into emerging markets can entail 
risks not commonly encountered in developed countries. These risks include, but are not limited to, underdeveloped 
or unstable political, legal and regulatory regimes, inconsistent enforcement of laws and regulations, limited or 
unreliable infrastructure, and a higher risk of conflict. The realization of any of these risks could have a material 
adverse effect on Continental's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Continental could have difficulties in hiring and retaining qualified employees. 
Since Continental's business depends on the development of new products and technology concepts to be 
competitive, Continental's success is largely dependent on its ability to attract and retain highly skilled individuals. 
There is no guarantee that Continental will be successful in retaining executives and employees in key positions or in 
attracting new employees with corresponding qualifications. In addition, considerable expertise could be lost or 
access thereto gained by competitors. 
Continental is exposed to risks in connection with its interest in MC Projects B.V. and in other companies. 
Continental and Compagnie Financière Michelin S.A.S., Clermont-Ferrand, France (Michelin), each hold a 50% 
stake in MC Projects B.V., Maastricht, The Netherlands, a company to which Michelin contributed the rights to the 
Uniroyal brand for Europe as well as for certain countries outside Europe. In turn, MC Projects B.V. licensed to 
Continental certain rights to use the Uniroyal brand on or in connection with tires in Europe and elsewhere. Under 
the terms of the agreement concluded in this connection, both the agreement and the Uniroyal license can be 
terminated if a major competitor in the tire business acquires more than 50% of the voting rights of Continental AG 
or of its tire business. Furthermore, in this case Michelin also has the right to acquire a majority in MC Projects B.V. 
and to have MC Projects B.V. increase its minority stake in the manufacturing company Continental Barum s.r.o. 
(Otrokovice, Czech Republic), one of Continental's largest tire plants in Europe, to 51%. These events could have a 
material adverse effect on the business and earnings position of Continental's Tires group sector. 
 
Furthermore, Continental conducts its business in part via companies in which Continental does not hold an interest 
of 100%. Continental's ability to fully exploit the strategic potential in markets in which it operates through 
associated companies would be impaired if it were unable to agree with its partners or other interest groups on a 
strategy and the implementation thereof. Moreover, Continental could be subjected to fiduciary obligations to its 
partners or other shareholders, which could prevent or impede its ability to unilaterally expand in a business area in 
which the relevant company operates. Additionally, there is a risk that the transfer of know-how and/or trade secrets 
to partners in the context of such collaborations could result in a drain of expertise from Continental. In particular, 
after a potential separation from a collaboration partner, the know-how and/or trade secrets transferred to such 
partner could be used or disclosed to third parties, thereby adversely affecting Continental's competitive position.  
Continental's business could be adversely impacted by strikes and other labor disputes. 
A major part of Continental's workforces is unionized. Over the past several years, Continental has experienced a 
number of strikes, lockouts or refusals to work as well as plant seizures and could experience strikes, unionization 
efforts or other types of conflicts with labor unions or its employees in the future, especially in regard to the 
structural program Transformation 2019 – 2029. In addition, many of Continental's customers and their other 
suppliers also have unionized workforces. Refusals to work or work downtime experienced by its customers or their 
other suppliers could result in decreased productivity or closures of Continental plants, which could have a material 
adverse effect on Continental's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Continental AG is a holding company and dependent to a significant extent upon the payments by its subsidiaries. 
Continental AG's cash flow and its ability to meet its cash requirements, including its obligations under its Guarantee 
(in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA), is dependent to a significant extent upon the profitability and cash flow 
of its subsidiaries and payments by such subsidiaries to Continental AG in the form of loans, dividends, fees, rental 
payments, or otherwise, as well as Continental AG's own credit arrangements. 
The ability of Continental AG's subsidiaries to make payments to Continental AG may be restricted by, among other 
things, applicable corporate and other laws and regulations and by the terms of covenants and restrictions contained 
in financing agreements to which such subsidiaries are or may be a party. In addition to any limitations on payment 
to Continental AG contained in such agreements, any failure to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained 
in such agreements could trigger defaults under those agreements which could delay or preclude the distribution of 
dividend payments or any other similar payments to Continental AG. 
Both Conti-Gummi Finance and Continental Rubber of America are financing vehicles for the Continental 
Group with no revenue-generating operations of their own. 
Conti-Gummi Finance and Continental Rubber of America are both finance companies with limited assets which 
concentrate on financing activities for the Continental Group. They are both indirectly wholly owned subsidiaries of 
Continental AG and will, if acting as Issuer, on-lend the proceeds from the sale of the Notes under one or more 
intercompany loans. They intend to service and repay the Notes out of the payments they receive under such 
intercompany loans. Other than the receivables under the intercompany loans and any other proceeds from loans 
made in connection with other financing transactions, they have no material assets or sources of revenue. Their 
ability to service and repay the Notes therefore depends on the ability of Continental AG and other entities within the 
Continental Group to service in full all such intercompany loans. 
III. RISKS RELATED TO CONTINENTAL'S FINANCIAL POSITION AND ITS SHAREHOLDER 
STRUCTURE 
Continental is exposed to risks associated with the Syndicated Facility Agreement and other financing 
instruments, including existing notes, which contain restrictive covenants and change-of-control provisions.  
Continental entered into a syndicated multi-currency revolving credit facility agreement (the Syndicated Facility 
Agreement) pursuant to which the lenders are currently making available to the borrowers a EUR 4.0 billion 
revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility). The Syndicated Facility Agreement contains "change-of-
control" and "cross default" provisions pursuant to which the lenders could accelerate the Syndicated Facility 
Agreement if the respective conditions were met. The Revolving Credit Facility is due in December 2026. 
Continental may be unable to refinance the Syndicated Facility Agreement on economically acceptable terms or at 
all, especially in the event of a significant disruption of the global or European financial markets. Any refinancing of 
these liabilities through further bank financing or on the capital markets (if at all possible) could lead to a material 
increase of Continental's interest expenses. 
In addition to the risks related to the Syndicated Facility Agreement, Continental is subject to risks related to other 
financing instruments to which it is a party or which it has issued and also faces refinancing risk with respect to such 
financing instruments. These other financing instruments contain numerous covenants that limit Continental's 
operations, as well as "change-of-control provisions". For example, existing notes contain "change-of-control" 
provisions. If Continental fails to comply with any of these covenants or if a "change-of-control" occurs, and 
Continental is unable to obtain a waiver from the respective lenders, a default could result under the relevant debt 
instrument, which would then become immediately due and payable. 
Continental may face refinancing and liquidity risks due to instability in the financial markets. 
Continental may face refinancing and liquidity risks. Changes in Continental's (perceived) creditworthiness and/or 
the situation on the credit markets (including the market for bonds) could make it difficult for Continental AG to 
obtain financing at commercially reasonable terms. Continental's cash from operating activities, current cash 
resources, existing sources of external financing and the proceeds from the issue and sale of the Notes could be 
insufficient to meet Continental's further capital needs. Continental’s liquidity could also suffer if its suppliers 
introduce more stringent terms of payment or if its customers were to extend their agreed payment terms.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Continental's credit rating may be downgraded or withdrawn. 
Generally, a credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity. Any rating downgrade or withdrawal of a rating 
could have adverse effects on the market price of securities of Continental (including the Notes) and on Continental's 
options for obtaining funding as well as its financing costs and interest expenses. A downgrade or withdrawal of 
Continental's credit rating could also impact Continental's liquidity position if its suppliers change the terms of 
payment offered to Continental for this reason, for example by requesting payment in advance.  
On March 23, 2021, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH confirmed Continental AG's credit rating of Baa2, the outlook 
remains negative. On March 30, 2020, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited assigned Continental AG a BBB credit 
rating, outlook negative. On April 8, 2022, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, formerly Fitch Ratings España S.A.U., 
confirmed Continental AG’s BBB credit rating, outlook stable. 
Continental is exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates as well as 
the respective hedging. 
An increase in interest rates could adversely affect Continental's future interest expenses in respect of debt bearing 
interest at a floating rate (such as the Revolving Credit Facility) and its future refinancing costs. Moreover, if and to 
the extent hedging transactions in the form of derivative instruments (if available) are executed by Continental with 
respect to such interest rate risk, such hedging transactions may result in losses for Continental. 
Continental operates worldwide and is therefore also exposed to financial risks that arise from changes in exchange 
rates. Currency exchange fluctuations could cause losses if assets denominated in currencies with a falling exchange 
rate lose value and/or liabilities denominated in currencies with a rising exchange rate appreciate. In addition, 
fluctuations in exchange rates could intensify or reduce fluctuations in the prices of raw materials in euros, since 
Continental purchases a considerable part of its raw materials in foreign currency.  
External and internal transactions involving the delivery of products and services to third parties and companies of 
the Continental Group can result in cash inflows and outflows which are denominated in currencies other than the 
functional currency of the respective member of the Continental Group (transaction risk). Moreover, Continental is 
exposed to exchange-rate risks arising from external and internal loan agreements, which result from cash inflows 
and outflows in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective member of the Continental Group. 
Furthermore, if and to the extent hedging transactions in the form of derivative instruments are executed by 
Continental with respect to such exchange-rate risks, such hedging transactions may result in losses for Continental. 
Continental's net foreign investments are, as a rule, not hedged against exchange rate fluctuations. In addition, a 
number of Continental's consolidated companies report their results in currencies other than the euro, which requires 
Continental to convert the relevant items into euros when preparing Continental's consolidated financial statements 
(translation risk). Translation risks are generally not hedged. 
Continental is exposed to risks in connection with its pension commitments. 
Continental provides defined benefit pension plans in Germany, the USA, the UK and certain other countries. As at 
December 31, 2021, the pension obligations amounted to EUR 7,248.6 million. As at December 31, 2021, 
Continental's net pension obligations (defined benefit obligations less the fair value of plan assets) amounted to EUR 
4,184.3 million.  
These existing obligations are financed predominantly through externally invested pension plan assets which are 
funded by externally managed funds and insurance companies. While Continental generally prescribes the 
investment strategies applied by these funds and takes this into account when selecting external fund manager, 
Continental does not have any influence over their individual investment decisions. The assets are invested in 
different asset classes including equity, fixed-income securities, real estate and other investment vehicles. 
Unfavorable developments in the capital markets could result in a substantial coverage shortfall for these pension 
obligations, resulting in a significant increase in Continental's net pension obligations.  
Any such increase in Continental's net pension obligations could adversely affect Continental's financial condition 
due to an increased additional outflow of funds to finance the pension obligations. Also, Continental is exposed to 
risks associated with longevity and interest rate changes in connection with its pension commitments as an interest 
rate decrease could have an adverse effect on Continental's liabilities under these pension plans. In addition, if any of 
Continental's credit ratings drop below investment grade level, additional payments into the UK pension plans are 
triggered. Furthermore, certain U.S.-based subsidiaries of Continental have entered into obligations to make 
contributions to healthcare costs of their former employees or retirees.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Continental is exposed to default risks in connection with cash and cash equivalents, derivative instruments and 
interest bearing investments. 
Continental is exposed to default risks for cash and cash equivalents, derivative instruments and interest-bearing 
investments. For such transactions Continental generally uses banks that it has classified on the basis of defined 
criteria such as investment-grade credit ratings or the premiums for insuring against their respective credit default 
risk. Although the creditworthiness of the banks with which investments are made, loans are granted or derivative 
instruments are traded is continuously monitored, it cannot be ruled out that such banks cannot meet their contractual 
obligations which could have a material adverse effect on Continental's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The IHO Shareholders as major shareholders of Continental could influence Continental's business activities. 
Georg F.W. Schaeffler and Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler-Thumann, Herzogenaurach, via indirect shareholdings in IHO 
Verwaltungs GmbH, Herzogenaurach and IHO Beteiligungs GmbH, Herzogenaurach (together the IHO 
Shareholders) hold 46.0% of Continental AG's shares and voting rights. With this 46.0% shareholding, the IHO 
Shareholders could block any decisions proposed by Continental to its shareholders, in particular those requiring a 
three-quarter majority. Such decisions include, but are not limited to, corporate actions (such as capital increases) 
and certain reorganizations. Moreover, this shareholding currently provides the IHO Shareholders with a majority of 
the votes customarily present at Continental AG's general shareholders' meetings (assuming that not more than 90% 
of Continental AG's share capital will be present at such general shareholders' meetings). Therefore, the IHO 
Shareholders are in a position to have resolutions passed which only require a simple majority. This enables the IHO 
Shareholders to exert considerable influence in Continental AG's general shareholders' meetings and, therefore, also 
on decisions submitted for the vote of the general shareholders' meeting (for example, regarding the composition of 
Continental AG's supervisory board or the dividend amount). The IHO Shareholders' interests may not necessarily be 
aligned with the interests of note holders. Furthermore, also as a consequence of this potential influence, Continental 
AG is deemed a dependent company of the IHO Shareholders according to Section 17 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act. 
IV. LEGAL, ENVIRONMENTAL AND TAXATION RISKS 
Continental could be threatened with fines and claims for damages for alleged or actual unlawful behavior.  
In May 2005, the Brazilian competition authorities opened investigations against Continental's Brazilian subsidiary 
Continental Brasil Indústria Automotiva Ltda., Guarulhos, Brazil (CBIA) following a complaint of anticompetitive 
behavior in the area of commercialization of tachographs. On August 18, 2010, the Brazilian antitrust authorities 
determined an "invitation to cartel" and imposed a fine of BRL 12 million (around EUR 1.9 million as of December 
31, 2021) on CBIA, which was then reduced to BRL 10.8 million (around EUR 1.7 million as of December 31, 
2021). CBIA denies the accusation that it has infringed Brazilian antitrust law. Although the court of first instance 
appealed to by CBIA upheld the decision, on CBIA's further appeal, the next higher court annulled this decision and 
remanded the matter. In case an infringement of Brazilian antitrust law is found, third parties may, in addition, claim 
damages from CBIA. 
On October 2, 2006, South African antitrust authorities received a complaint from a third party accusing several 
South African tire manufacturers of alleged antitrust behavior – including Continental Tyre South Africa (Pty.) Ltd., 
Port Elizabeth, South Africa (CTSA), a subsidiary of Continental AG. On August 31, 2010, the South African 
antitrust authorities came to the conclusion that CTSA had violated South African antitrust law and referred the 
matter to the responsible antitrust court for a decision. CTSA denies the allegation of infringements of South African 
antitrust law. However, the tribunal could impose a fine of up to 10% of CTSA’s annual sales. In addition, third 
parties may also claim damages from CTSA in the case of an infringement of South African competition law. 
As a result of investigations by the US Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) 
in connection with the suspected involvement in violations of US and South Korean antitrust law in the instrument 
cluster business, which came to light in 2012, the KFTC imposed a fine on Continental Automotive Electronics LLC, 
Bugang-myeon, South Korea (CAE), at the end of 2013, the final amount of which was set in 2018 at KRW 32,101 
million (around EUR 23.8 million as of December 31, 2021). In the USA, CAE and Continental Automotive Korea 
Ltd., Seongnam-si, South Korea, agreed to pay a fine of USD 4.0 million (approximately EUR 3.5 million as of 
December 31, 2021) in 2015. In the proceedings relating to class action lawsuits filed in the USA and Canada for 
alleged damages resulting from the antitrust violations, settlements totaling USD 5.0 million (around EUR 4.4 
million as of December 31, 2021) were concluded in the USA in 2018 and CAD 0.6 million (around EUR 0.4 million

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
as of December 31, 2021) in Canada in 2020. The risk of investigations into this matter by other antitrust authorities 
and claims for damages by further alleged victims remains unaffected by the fines imposed. 
As a result of investigations that came to light in 2014, the European Commission imposed a fine of EUR 44.0 
million on Continental AG, Continental Teves AG & Co. oHG, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, and Continental 
Automotive GmbH, Hanover, Germany, on February 21, 2018, for the unlawful exchange of information. This 
involved specific brake components. Continental has set aside provisions that cover this fine. Customers have since 
approached Continental to claim for damages, in some cases for specific amounts. In addition, two class action 
lawsuits have been filed in Canada against Continental AG and several of its subsidiaries. Continental has rejected 
these claims as being without merit. Nevertheless, it cannot be ruled out that the resulting expenses will exceed the 
provisions that have been set aside for this purpose. 
On March 3, 2021, the Brazilian competition authority (CADE), acting on the basis of the issues addressed by the 
European Commission and described above, formally initiated proceedings against Continental Teves AG & Co. 
oHG, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, and certain former employees for alleged unlawful exchange of competition-
sensitive information concerning hydraulic brake systems. The proceedings against Continental are still at an early 
stage. As of the date of this Prospectus, the outcome of the proceedings is uncertain. If Continental is found 
responsible for any violation, CADE could impose a fine on Continental AG of 0.1% to 20% of its revenue or that of 
the Continental Group in Brazil in the year prior to when the administrative proceedings were launched (2020). Non-
pecuniary penalties may also be possible. Furthermore, customers allegedly affected by the alleged exchange of 
information could claim for damages if indeed a violation of Brazilian antitrust law is established. 
The public prosecutor’s office in Hanover is conducting investigative proceedings against current and former 
employees as well as former board members of Continental AG suspected of committing criminal acts in connection 
with the development and use of illegal defeat devices in VW diesel engines as well as in connection with 
Continental AG’s subsequent investigation of these actions, and as part of these proceedings has conducted multiple 
searches at locations of Continental AG and individual companies of the Continental Group. Continental AG and 
individual companies of the Continental Group are ancillary parties to these proceedings. The investigations concern 
activities of the former Powertrain business area that were transferred within the scope of the spin-off to Vitesco 
Technologies Group.  
In addition, the public prosecutor’s office in Frankfurt am Main, in connection with conducting administrative 
offense proceedings concerning illegal defeat devices in diesel engines of an international automotive manufacturer – 
proceedings which have meanwhile been legally concluded against this automotive manufacturer with payment of a 
fine – is conducting separate administrative offense proceedings against Continental AG on suspicion of breach of 
supervisory duties. The public prosecutor’s office in Frankfurt am Main is also conducting separate investigative 
proceedings against two former employees of Continental AG for suspected criminal acts carried out in connection 
with this matter. 
Both the investigations by the public prosecutor’s office and the Continental AG’s internal investigation into the 
matters covered by these proceedings, which involve considerable costs and effort, are ongoing. Continental AG and 
the companies of the Continental Group are cooperating fully with the public prosecutor’s offices in Hanover and 
Frankfurt am Main. There is a risk that fines will be imposed as a result of the investigations. The amount of such 
fines, which could comprise a levy and a penalty component, is currently unknown but collectively could be 
significant. Furthermore, the risk of damage to Continental AG’s reputation cannot be ruled out. 
In view of the scope of these national and international investigations against automotive manufacturers and 
suppliers, further proceedings by public authorities, civil legal proceedings, and claims by third parties along with the 
related financial risks cannot be ruled out. 
Continental could be subject to tax risks attributable to previous tax assessment periods. 
Additional tax expenses could accrue at the level of Continental AG or its subsidiaries in relation to previous tax 
assessment periods which have not been subject to a tax audit yet. In (ongoing or future) tax audits, the tax laws 
and/or relevant facts could be interpreted by the tax authorities – for example in the area of transfer pricing – in a 
manner deviating from Continental AG's view. As a result, the tax authorities could revise original tax assessments 
and substantially increase the tax burden (including interest and penalty payments) of the affected entities of the 
Continental Group.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
There is a risk that Continental infringes industrial property rights of third parties. 
There is a risk that Continental infringes industrial property rights of third parties, since its competitors, suppliers, 
customers, and other companies hold and submit a large number of industrial property rights. It is not always 
possible to determine with certainty whether there are effective and enforceable third-party industrial property rights 
to certain processes, methods or applications. Therefore, third parties could assert infringements of industrial 
property rights (including illegitimate ones) against Continental. As a result, Continental could be required to cease 
manufacturing, using or marketing the relevant technologies or products in certain countries or be forced to make 
changes to manufacturing processes and/or products. In addition, Continental could be liable to pay compensation for 
infringements or could be forced to purchase licenses to continue using technology from third parties, including 
software. Continental, for example, supplies telecommunication modules that transmit vehicle data, enable voice and 
internet functionality, and are compatible with cellular communication standards, especially in the field of 
telecommunication standards such as 3G, 4G and/or 5G. Such standards are covered by patents (standard essential 
patents, SEP) which have to be licensed by the SEP owners on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory (FRAND) 
terms and conditions. Who in the supply chain is entitled to a direct license and what constitutes a FRAND royalty 
rate are questions which are subject of various ongoing proceedings: Continental has submitted a complaint against 
Nokia to the European Commission, has filed a lawsuit in the U.S. against licensing pool Avanci and some of its 
members as well as a breach of contract law suit against Nokia and has intervened in lawsuits filed against Ford in 
Germany by SEP holders such as Nokia. In this respect, there is a risk that Continental or its suppliers may be denied 
their own direct license to use the SEPs, that Continental may become dependent on licenses and the conditions 
under which they are granted to customers, or that a royalty rate will be imposed on Continental which is higher than 
what Continental believes is FRAND. Even if only Continental's customers were granted or have taken under duress 
a direct license for such SEPs, there is a risk that Continental would have to indemnify its customers for parts or all 
of the licensing costs relating to products sold by Continental in the past and future, and also that Continental cannot 
pass some or all of this indemnification obligation on to its suppliers. The licensing costs could be material, 
irrespective of whether Continental or its customers receive the direct license.  
In addition, Continental is subject to efforts by its customers to change contract terms and conditions concerning the 
participation in disputes regarding alleged infringements of industrial property rights. 
Violations of export control laws, extensions of existing embargos or other sanctions and the potential 
introduction of new embargos or other sanctions may adversely affect Continental's business. 
As a result of Continental's international activities, Continental is subject to the laws and regulations of the various 
countries in which Continental does business. Certain such countries, including Russia, Cuba and Iran, are subject to 
economic sanctions, or restrictions and licensing requirements for exports of goods, software and technology, 
imposed by the United Nations, the EU, the USA and other countries. The export of goods can be subject to 
authorisations or prohibitions. Despite Continental's awareness, oversight and compliance program, Continental 
cannot predict with confidence EU or US enforcement policy with respect to economic sanctions and export controls, 
and it is possible that the relevant authorities will take a different view regarding the status of Continental or the 
compliance measures Continental has taken. Against this background, violations of export controls and sanctions 
regimes cannot be ruled out and could negatively affect Continental's business and lead to considerable penalties, 
administrative sanctions, damage to Continental’s reputation, as well as claims for damages. 
Furthermore, laws, regulations or licensing policies relating to economic sanctions or export controls could change in 
a way that could require Continental to further reduce, or to cease altogether, its business with these countries, which 
would have an adverse impact on Continental's sales and could adversely affect its business and results of operations. 
Given the challenging political situation in Russia and other countries, there is a risk that the sanctions against these 
countries, in particular those enacted by the EU and the USA, will be broadened which could negatively affect 
Continental's business. More generally, the potential introduction of new embargos also poses a risk.  
Continental is subject to risks from legal and arbitration proceedings. 
Companies of the Continental Group are involved in a number of legal and arbitration proceedings and could become 
involved in additional legal and arbitration proceedings in the future. These proceedings or potential proceedings 
could involve, in particular in the USA, substantial claims for damages or other payments. Based on a judgment or a 
settlement agreement, Continental could be obligated to pay substantial damages. Continental's litigation costs and 
those of third parties could also be significant.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Continental operates in many different jurisdictions and could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws. 
The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar anti-corruption laws (such as the UK Bribery Act 2010) 
generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to public officials for the 
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Continental operates facilities and has thousands of persons employed by 
many affiliated companies throughout the USA and other parts of the world. Despite its training, oversight and 
compliance programs, Continental cannot assure that its internal control policies and procedures will always protect 
Continental from deliberate, reckless or inadvertent acts of its employees or agents that contravene its policies or 
violate applicable laws. Continental's continued expansion, including in Asia and into developing countries, could 
increase the exposure to such violations in the future.  
Continental could be unsuccessful in adequately protecting its intellectual property rights and technical expertise. 
Continental's products and services are highly dependent upon its technological know-how and software and the 
scope and limitations of its proprietary rights therein. Continental has obtained or applied for a large number of 
patents and other industrial property rights, that are of considerable importance to its business. Patents may not be 
granted on currently pending or future applications or may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide 
Continental with meaningful protection or commercial advantage. In addition, while there is a presumption that 
patents are valid, the granting of a patent does not necessarily imply that it is effective or that possible patent claims 
can be enforced to the degree necessary or desired. A major part of Continental's know-how and industrial secrets is 
not patented or cannot be protected through industrial property rights. Consequently, there is a risk that certain parts 
of Continental's know-how and trade secrets are transferred to collaboration partners, customers and suppliers, 
including to Continental's machinery suppliers, or plant vendors. This poses a risk that competitors will copy 
Continental's know-how without incurring any expenses of their own.  
Moreover, Continental has concluded a number of license, cross-license, collaboration and development agreements 
with its customers, competitors and other third parties under which Continental is granted rights to industrial 
property and/or know-how of such third parties. It is possible that license agreements could be terminated, for 
example, in the event of the licensing partner's insolvency or bankruptcy and/or in the event of a change-of-control in 
either party, leaving Continental with reduced access to intellectual property rights to commercialize its own 
technologies. 
Continental could be held liable for soil, water or groundwater contamination or for risks related to hazardous 
materials. 
Many of the sites at which Continental operates have been used for industrial purposes for many years, leading to 
risks of contamination and site restoration obligations. Moreover, Continental could be responsible for the 
remediation of areas adjacent to its sites if these areas were contaminated due to Continental's activities, that is, if 
Continental were to be found to be the polluter of these areas. Furthermore, soil, water and/or groundwater 
contamination has been discovered at a number of sites operated by Continental in the past. The responsible 
authorities could assert claims against Continental, as the owner and/or tenant of the affected plots, for the 
examination or remediation of such soil and/or groundwater contamination, or order Continental to dispose of or 
treat contaminated soil excavated in the course of construction. Continental could also be sued for damages by the 
owner of plots leased by Continental or of other properties if the authorities were to pursue claims against the 
relevant owner of the property and if Continental had caused the contamination. On several of the sites where 
contamination has been discovered, remediation activities have already taken place upon order by or agreement with 
the competent authorities. Moreover, if any contamination were to become a subject of public discussion, there is a 
risk that Continental's general reputation or its relations with its customers could be harmed. 
Furthermore, at some of the sites at which Continental operates, hazardous materials were used in the past, such as 
asbestos-containing building materials used for heat insulation. The health and safety of third parties (e.g. former 
employees) may have been affected due to the use of such hazardous materials and Continental could therefore be 
exposed to related damage claims in the future. 
Continental faces similar risks with respect to former sites, which it has since sold. Even if Continental has 
contractually excluded or limited its liability vis-à-vis a purchaser, it could be held responsible for currently 
unknown contamination on properties, which it previously owned or used. Likewise, there can be no assurance that 
environmentally hazardous substances will not pollute the environment or that Continental will not be called upon to 
remove such contamination.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Continental may have to repay investment grants and subsidies, or previously awarded investment grants may not 
be disbursed in full or in part. 
Part of Continental's investment requirements for developing and expanding its production capacity is covered by 
public aid, such as subsidies, loans at favorable conditions or tax reductions or exemptions. The decisions on 
granting public aid received by Continental contain various conditions, e.g. regarding the creation of jobs or specific 
research and development activities. If these conditions are not fulfilled during the commitment period, which 
generally exceeds the specified investment period, this could result in a repayment claim for the public aid received 
by Continental.  
Continental could become subject to additional burdensome environmental or safety regulations. 
As a group that operates worldwide, Continental must observe a large number of different regulatory systems in 
numerous countries that change frequently and are continuously evolving and becoming more stringent in many 
cases, in particular with respect to the environment, chemicals and hazardous materials, as well as health regulations. 
This also applies to air, water and soil pollution regulations and to waste legislation, all of which have recently 
become more stringent through new laws, in particular, but not limited to, in the EU and the USA. Moreover, 
Continental's sites and operations necessitate various permits and the requirements specified therein must be 
complied with. In the past, adjusting to new requirements has necessitated significant investments and Continental 
assumes that further significant investments in this regard will be required in the future. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
V. RISKS RELATING TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, 
including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation 
by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (i) the Notes are permitted investments for it, (ii) where relevant, the Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Liquidity Risk. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or 
further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there is a risk 
that no liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact 
that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are 
not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain, which may 
affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be 
able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be 
restricted by country-specific reasons. 
Market Price Risk. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate 
levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand 
for the relevant type of Note. The holders of the Notes (each a Holder and, together, the Holders) are therefore 
exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes which may materialise if the 
Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder decides to hold the Notes until final 
maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, a Holder of a fixed rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of 
changes in the current interest rate on the capital market (“market interest rate”). While the nominal interest rate of a 
fixed rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the market interest 
rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a fixed rate Note also 
changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a fixed rate Note typically 
falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, 
the price of a fixed rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market 
interest rate. If the Holder of a Fixed Rate Note holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are 
without relevance to such Holder as the Note will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the 
principal amount of such Note. 
A Holder of a floating rate Note is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of floating rate Notes in 
advance.  
Floating rate Notes may be structured to include caps or floors, or any combination of those features. The effect of a 
cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the Holder will not 
be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The yield could therefore be considerably 
lower than that of similar floating rate Notes without a cap. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Currency Risk. 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency other than the Euro) is particularly exposed to 
the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency 
exchange rates result from various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and 
interventions by central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the Euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change in 
the Euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than the Euro and a corresponding change in the Euro value 
of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than the Euro in accordance with the terms of such 
Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the Euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes 
and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in Euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
VI. RISKS RELATING TO SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND THE 
GUARANTEE 
Risk of Early Redemption. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if an Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity (optional call 
right) or by reason of minimal outstanding amount. If the applicable Final Terms indicate that payments on Notes are 
linked to a benchmark, the relevant Issuer may also have the right to redeem the Notes in case of a discontinuation of 
such benchmark. In addition, each Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the relevant Issuer is 
required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms 
and Conditions. If the relevant Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the 
risk that due to such early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The relevant Issuer can 
be expected to exercise its call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means 
that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On 
the other hand, the relevant Issuer can be expected not to exercise its call right if the yield on comparable Notes in 
the capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the relevant Issuer may exercise any call 
right irrespective of market interest rates. 
Risks associated with Notes with a specific use of proceeds of Green Bonds. 
The Final Terms relating to any tranche of Notes issued under the Programme may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and 
activities that promote climate friendly and other environmental or social purposes (Green Projects). Such Notes are 
hereinafter referred to as green bonds (Green Bonds). Prospective investors should have regard to the information set 
out in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or, as applicable, the Guarantor nor the 
Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply; this includes any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
investor's own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. This is particularly true with 
respect to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses that are subject 
of, or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, notwithstanding the current legislative efforts on EU level 
regarding the regulation of sustainable finance, amongst others the adoption of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy), it should be noted 
that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently labelled project or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any 
assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time.  
On July 6, 2021 the European Commission has proposed a regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond Standard. 
The standard will use the definitions of green economic activities in the EU Taxonomy to define what is considered a 
green investment. The Green Bonds issued under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for the relevant 
Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of "European green bond" or "EuGB" nor is the relevant Issuer under any 
obligation to take steps to have any Green Bonds become eligible for such designation.  
In addition, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. Also 
the criteria for what constitutes a Green Project may be changed from time to time.  
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, the relevant Issuer may appoint one or more external provider(s) to 
provide a green or equivalent evaluation (the Evaluation). Such Evaluation is not incorporated in, and does not form 
part of, this Prospectus. Such Evaluation provides an opinion on certain social, environmental and related 
considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in Green Bonds 
including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such 
Evaluation is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Such Evaluation is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold Green Bonds. No assurance is given that such Evaluation correctly assesses the potential environmental impact 
of the issue of Green Bonds or the Issuer generally. Such Evaluation is only current as of the date it is released and 
may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time. Currently, the providers of

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Evaluations are not subject to any specific regulatory regime or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any Evaluation for the purpose of any investment in Green Bonds. In 
particular, no assurance or representation is made or given that any such Evaluation reflects any present or future 
requirements, investment criteria or guidelines which may apply to any investor or its investments. Holders of Green 
Bonds will have no recourse against the provider(s) of any Evaluation.  
None of the Issuer and, as applicable, the Guarantor is responsible for any third party assessment of the Green 
Bonds. In addition, it would (i) not constitute a breach of contract or an event of default under the terms of the Green 
Bonds, (ii) give rise to any claim by a Holder against the Issuer or any Dealer, (iii) give a right to Holders of any 
Green Bonds to request the early redemption or acceleration of the relevant Green Bonds or (iv) lead to an obligation 
of the Issuer to redeem the Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to 
exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds if the Issuer were to fail to observe the 
provisions set out in the Final Terms for the Green Bonds relating to the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds.  
In the event that any of the Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other similarly labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), or are included in any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled 
index, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or admission, or 
inclusion in such index, satisfies any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or admission to trading may vary from 
one stock exchange or securities market to another and also the criteria for inclusion in such index may vary from 
one index to another. Moreover, no representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in any such index, will be obtained in respect of Green 
Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index, will be maintained 
during the life of Green Bonds.  
Any failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from the offer of the Green Bonds as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms for and/or any negative change to, or withdrawal or suspension of, any third-party assessment of the 
Green Bonds and/or Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market or included in a certain index as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Green 
Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose (which consequences may include the need to sell the Green Bonds as a result of the 
Green Bonds not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Green Projects, do not benefit from any arrangements to 
enhance the performance of the Green Bonds or any contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of 
proceeds of such Green Bonds. 
The performance of the Green Bonds is not linked to the performance of the relevant Green Projects or the 
performance of Continental AG, the Continental Group and/or certain legal entities within the Continental Group in 
respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the 
Green Bonds and the Green Projects. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on the Green 
Bonds nor any rights of Holders shall depend on the performance of the relevant Green Projects or the performance 
of Continental AG, the Continental Group and/or certain legal entities within the Continental Group in respect of any 
such environmental or similar targets. Holders of any Green Bonds shall have no preferential rights or priority 
against the assets of any Green Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Green 
Bonds.  
Sustainability Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics.  
Fixed rate Notes may be subject to a Step Up Option and/or an Adjustment Event (as defined in the relevant Terms 
and Conditions) linked to certain specified sustainability key performance indicators if the applicable Final Terms 
indicate that a Step Up Option and/or an Adjustment Event are applicable (Sustainability Linked Notes). Although 
the interest rate and/or the final redemption amount relating to the Sustainability Linked Notes is subject to upward 
adjustment in the event that Continental AG and/or the Continental Group fail to achieve the specified sustainability 
key performance indicators, such Sustainability Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any 
future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. Sustainability Linked

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Notes will not be marketed as green bonds since the Continental Group expects to use the relevant net proceeds for 
general corporate purposes and, therefore, does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or 
business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or be subject to any other limitations associated 
with green bonds. 
Even though the European Central Bank (ECB) announced on September 22, 2020 that bonds with coupons linked to 
sustainability performance targets will become eligible as collateral for Eurosystem credit operations from January 1, 
2021, there is currently no generally accepted definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) or codification of, or market 
consensus as to, what constitutes or may be classified as "sustainability-linked notes". As such, the Sustainability 
Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements, market principles or any future legal or regulatory or other 
standards for investment in instruments with coupons linked to sustainability performance targets or instruments with 
sustainability characteristics in general. There is no assurance that the ECB may accept the Sustainability Linked 
Notes as eligible collateral and/or may, at any time, discontinue acceptance of the Sustainability Linked Notes as 
eligible collateral due to the nature of the chosen key performance indicators in the Final Terms, the conditions or 
manner in which any Step Up Option and/or an Adjustment Event are applied, or due to a change in collateral rules 
which the ECB may apply at any time. 
The Issuer may appoint a third party to provide a secondary opinion (such opinion a Second Party Opinion). Such 
Second Party Opinion provides an opinion regarding the alignment of the Issuer's framework with relevant market 
standards and its robustness and credibility in the meaning of such market standards. The Second Party Opinion may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market and other factors that may affect the value 
of Sustainability Linked Notes issued under the Programme. The Second Party Opinion is only a statement of 
opinion and not a statement of fact, and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or 
Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Sustainability Linked Notes. None of the Issuers or Dealers 
accepts any responsibility for any sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Sustainability Linked Notes or 
makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Sustainability Linked Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding assets with sustainability characteristics. Holders will have no recourse 
against the Issuer, any of the Dealers and the provider of any Second Party Opinion. 
No assurance or representation or warranty is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any provider of a Second Party 
Opinion as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any such Second Party Opinion in 
connection with the offering of Sustainability Linked Notes or the Step Up Option and/or the Adjustment Event to 
fulfil any sustainability, sustainability-linked and/or other criteria. Any such Second Party Opinion is not, nor shall it 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus.  
Currently, the providers of Second Party Opinions are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Any such Second Party Opinion is not, nor should it deemed to be, a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
any Sustainability Linked Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is only current as at the date it was initially issued. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the 
framework to reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of the framework and, therefore, an update 
or a revision of the Second Party Opinion may or may not be requested of any provider of Second Party Opinions. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, certification or verification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in the Sustainability Linked Notes. Any negative change to, or withdrawal of any Second Party Opinion, 
the issuance of a new Second Party Opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of the Sustainability Linked Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
In addition, the interest rate or final redemption amount adjustment in respect of the above-mentioned Sustainability 
Linked Notes depends on a certain set of sustainability related parameters that may be inconsistent with investor 
requirements or expectations. The Terms and Conditions may provide for an adjustment of performance targets in 
the reasonable discretion of the Issuer in case of certain material restructuring activities (e.g. acquisitions, 
divestitures or mergers) of Continental AG and all of its affiliated companies having a dilutive effect on one or more 
performance targets. No assurance can be given that the Sustainability Linked Notes, following such an adjustment, 
will continue to be consistent to the investor's requirements or expectations. 
Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments 
the relevant Issuer makes in furtherance of its performance targets or such investments may be deemed controversial 
or subject to criticism by the general public or particular stakeholders.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
No Event of Default shall occur under the Sustainability Linked Notes, nor will the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as applicable) be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if such Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) fails to 
satisfy the specified sustainability key performance indicators. 
Sustainability Linked Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Sustainability Linked Notes include certain triggers linked to 
sustainability key performance indicators (see: "Sustainability Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics"). Such key performance indicators must be 
complied with by Continental AG and/or the Continental Group in respect of Notes for which a Step Up Option 
and/or an Adjustment Event applies. The failure to meet such sustainability key performance indicators will result in 
increased interest amounts and/or increased final redemption amounts under such Sustainability Linked Notes, which 
would increase Continental Group's cost of funding. 
Risk of financial benchmark and reference rate continuity. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are 
deemed "benchmarks" (each a Benchmark and together, the Benchmarks) have become the subject of regulatory 
scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 596/2014 (the Benchmarks Regulation) which is fully applicable since January 1, 2018.  
Given that the Benchmarks Regulation does not apply to central banks and that the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) 
and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) are administered by the ECB and the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (Federal Reserve), respectively, €STR and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation as of the date of this Prospectus. In case the administrator of any of these reference rates changes in the 
future, such reference rate might fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in any of the 
following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation or is 
registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the administrator's 
legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (article 30 Benchmarks Regulation), the administrator is 
recognised (article 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed (article 33 Benchmarks 
Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). If this is not the case, Notes linked to such 
Benchmarks could be impacted and might have to be delisted, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or 
otherwise impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level 
or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could impact the Notes. 
On July 3, 2019 the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority authorized the European Money Markets 
Institute (EMMI) as the administrator for the EURIBOR. This authorization as an administrator confirms, that the 
requirements contained in the Benchmarks Regulation regarding the new hybrid methodology for determining the 
EURIBOR have been met. The EURIBOR hybrid methodology complements the former quote-based determination 
by a methodology based on, whenever possible, actual transactions. In November 2019 EMMI confirmed that all 
panel banks successfully have implemented the new hybrid EURIBOR methodology. The European Central Bank is 
currently consulting regarding a EUR-STR-based fallback for the EURIBOR. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating rate Notes which 
are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to the determination of the applicable interest rate on the basis of 
another benchmark determined by the Issuer in its discretion, or to a previously available rate of the Benchmark 
being applied until maturity of the floating rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate 
of interest, or to an early termination of the relevant Notes at the option of the Issuer. Due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of a replacement offered interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate, the relevant 
further fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Although it is 
uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further changes in the 
administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes linked to the 
relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on, floating rate Notes whose rate of interest is 
linked to such Benchmark.  
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted powers to designate 
a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU member state, 
where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear whether the fallback 
provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable, and there is therefore a risk that if the consent to solicitation is 
not successful the Notes would be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate selected by the European 
Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would be. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates and the use of risk free rates is subject to important 
limitations. 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Notes may be linked to €STR or SOFR (commonly referred to as Risk Free Rates).  
€STR reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks. The rate is published for 
each TARGET business day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous day. The ECB notes that the 
use of €STR is subject to limitations and disclaimers, including that the ECB may (i) materially change €STR 
methodology or the €STR determination process, or (ii) cease the determination and publication of €STR (in each 
case after consulting with stakeholders to the extent it is possible or practicable and all as described in Guideline 
(EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of July 10, 2019 on the Euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended. 
The SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by treasury securities. The 
Federal Reserve further notes on its publication page for the SOFR that use of the SOFR is subject to important 
limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication 
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR at any time without prior notice.  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to Risk Free Rates as a reference in the 
capital markets and as an alternative to EURIBOR and the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on Risk Free Rates. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of Risk Free Rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in the Notes which reference a Risk Free 
Rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become 
due and payable, the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes become due and payable.  
As the Risk Free Rates are published by third parties based on data received from other sources, the Issuers have no 
control over their determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that €STR or SOFR will not 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the 
respective Notes. If the manner in which the respective Risk Free Rate is calculated is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. Investors 
should not rely on any historical changes or trends in the respective Risk Free Rate as an indicator of future changes 
in the applicable Risk Free Rate. Also, since the Risk Free Rates are a relatively new market index, the Notes will 
likely have no established trading market when issued. Trading prices of the Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the applicable Risk Free Rate does not prove to be widely used 
in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices 
that are more widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the 
Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. Investors should 
consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
Investors should be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavailable or permanently 
discontinued, the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant interest period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to the Notes, which include, inter alia, the application of certain successor rates. 
Investors should further be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were permanently discontinued, the rate of 
interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant interest period by fallback provisions which differ from 
those applicable in case the Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavailable.  
The application of the fallback provisions could result in the same interest rate being applied to the Notes until their 
maturity, effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, into debt instruments 
with a fixed rate of interest. In addition, if the same interest rate is being applied to the Notes until their maturity and 
if the Final Terms so provide, the Issuer will be entitled to call the Notes for redemption at their principal amount, 
together with interest accrued (if any).  
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such securities. 
Each Holder might have to enforce its claims in respect of the Guarantee directly against the Guarantor. 
The Guarantee (in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA) in respect of the Notes will constitute a contract for the 
benefit of the Holders as third party beneficiaries in accordance with § 328(1) of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). As a consequence, each Holder will have the right to demand payment directly from the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee and to enforce the Guarantee directly against the Guarantor.  
The Guarantee (in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA) will be governed by German law and the courts of 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany, will have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings in 
connection with the Guarantee. Holders should be aware that the enforcement of rights with the help of a German 
court is subject to an advance of court fees. In addition, if the relevant Holder is a foreign person domiciled outside 
the EU or the European Economic Area (EEA), the enforcement of rights with the help of German courts may also 
be subject to the posting of a bond or other collateral in an amount at the court's discretion for court and statutory 
attorney's fees incurred or likely to be incurred by the defendant. In addition, upon request of the court, documents 
which are not in the German language will have to be translated into German to be admissible evidence in the 
German courts. Each of the above-mentioned requirements by itself or collectively could cause delays in the 
enforcement of the relevant Holder's rights. 
VII. RISKS RELATING TO LAWS AND REGULATIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
Resolutions of Holders. 
If the Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for meetings of Holders of a series of Notes or the taking of votes 
without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and the Guarantee (in case of Notes issued by CGF or 
CRoA) may be amended (as proposed or agreed by the relevant Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such 
Notes and any such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to the risk that 
its rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of Notes are amended, reduced or 
even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority resolution will even be binding on Holders 
who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable based on the occurrence of an event of 
default but who have not received payment from the Issuer or the Guarantor (in case of Notes issued by CGF or 
CRoA) prior to the amendment taking effect. According to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), the relevant majority for Holders’ resolutions is generally based on votes 
cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution 
may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant 
Notes outstanding. 
Holders’ Representative. 
If the Notes provide that the Holders of a series of Notes are entitled to appoint a Holders’ representative (the 
Holders’ Representative) by a majority resolution of such Holders or if a Holders’ Representative has been

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
appointed in the Terms and Conditions of a series of Notes it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its 
individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA), such right passing to the Holders’ Representative who is then exclusively 
responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders of the relevant series of Notes. 
Quorum requirement and SchVG risks in case of certain events of default.  
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due and 
payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Holders 
representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding. Under the SchVG, 
even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number of Holders of Notes, this could be rescinded by majority 
resolution within three months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on the rescission of 
such acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a rescission than have delivered default 
notices. 
Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of 
certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Holders delivers default notices and such acceleration is not 
rescinded by majority resolution of the Holders.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUERS 
CONTINENTAL AG 
– ISSUER AND GUARANTOR – 
General Information 
The legal and commercial name is Continental Aktiengesellschaft (Continental AG).  
Continental AG was incorporated on October 8, 1871 under the name "Continental-Caoutchouc- und Gutta-Percha 
Compagnie Aktiengesellschaft", as a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) for an indefinite period of time under the 
laws of Germany, and is governed by the laws of Germany. In 1929, "Continental-Caoutchouc- und Gutta-Percha 
Compagnie Aktiengesellschaft" changed its name to "Continental Gummi-Werke AG" and, in 1987, to "Continental 
Aktiengesellschaft".  
Continental AG is registered in the Commercial Register of Hanover, Germany (registration number HRB 3527). Its 
registered office is Vahrenwalder Straße 9, 30165 Hanover, Germany (telephone: +49-511-938-01). The Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) of Continental AG is 529900A7YD9C0LLXM621.  
The Company's website is available at www.continental.com. The information on the Company's website does not 
form part of this Prospectus unless it is explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
For relevant recent events particular to Continental AG which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of 
Continental AG's solvency, please see "RECENT EVENTS AND OUTLOOK — Other". 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to Section 2 of Continental AG's articles of incorporation, the objects of Continental AG are to manufacture 
and sell tires and industrial products of all types made of natural or synthetic rubber, plastics or other raw materials 
as well as assembly parts, system components and complete systems for all kinds of vehicles; to trade commercially 
in these types of products using the trademark "Continental" and other trademarks; and to manufacture or purchase 
raw materials which are required for the production of these goods.  
The objects of Continental AG may be realized by Continental AG itself or by its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
Principal Activities 
The main purpose of Continental AG is to act as management and holding company for the Continental Group. 
Beside these operations, Continental AG has no further material activities.  
Organizational Structure 
Continental AG is the parent company of Continental Group, which included 472 subsidiaries and affiliated 
companies (including minority holdings) as at December 31, 2021. 
Continental successfully completed the spin-off of Vitesco Technologies on September 15, 2021.  
Since January 1, 2022, the Continental Group has a new organizational structure and is divided into the group sectors 
Automotive, Tires, ContiTech and Contract Manufacturing that comprise 17 business areas. The former Autonomous 
Mobility and Safety and Vehicle Networking and Information business areas were dissolved with effect from 
January 1, 2022. Tires and ContiTech are now independent group sectors, and the consolidation of these former 
business areas in the former Rubber Technologies group sector has been dissolved. Following the spin-off of Vitesco 
Technologies, Contract Manufacturing (comprising contract manufacturing for Vitesco Technologies and therefore 
the continuing operations of the former Powertrain Technologies group sector) was created as both a new group 
sector and business area. Until and including the financial year ended December 31, 2021, the business areas 
represented the segments of Continental’s segment reporting under IFRS 8, Operating Segments. Starting with the 
financial year 2022, the new group sectors represent the segments in accordance with IFRS 8. 
The following diagram depicts, in simplified form, the Continental Group's corporate structure and indicates sales 
and employees as at December 31, 2021. The sales figures for the business areas include all sales with other business

--- Page 34 ---
Structure of the Continental Group in 2021 
Continental Group 
Sales: €33.8 billion; Employees: 190,875 
Automotive Technologies 
Sales: €15.4 billion 
Employees: 89,350 
Rubber Technologies 
Sales: €17.6 billion 
Employees: 98,177 
Contract Manufacturing 
Sales: €0.9 billion 
Employees: 2,904 
Autonomous Mobility 
and Safety 
Sales: €7.5 billion 
Employees: 44,579 
Vehicle Networking 
Ni '1111 ion 
Sales: €8.0 billion 
Employees: 44,771 
Tires 
Sales: €11.8 billion 
Employees: 57,217 
Co ntiTech 
Sales: €5.9 billion 
Employees: 40,960 
Contract Manufacturing 
Sales: €0.9 billion 
Employees: 2,904 
) Advanced Driver 
Assistance Systems 
Hydraulic Brake Systems 
Passive Safety and 
Sensorics 
Vehicle Dynamics 
Commercial Vehicles 
and Services 
Connected Car 
Networking 
Human Machine 
Interface 
Original Equipment 
Replacement APAC 
Replacement EMEA 
Replacement 
The Americas 
Specialty Tires 
Advanced Dynamics 
Solutions 
) Conveying Solutions 
Industrial Fluid Solutions 
) Mobile Fluid Systems 
) Power Transmission 
Group 
) Surface Solutions 
Contract Manufacturing 
Structure of the Continental Group in 2022 
Continental Group 
Automotive 
Tires 
ContiTech 
Contract Manufacturing 
 
34 
 
areas; the sales figures for the group sectors are pre-consolidated sales of the underlying business areas but include 
sales with other group sectors. 
 
 
 
The following diagram depicts, in simplified form, the Continental Group's corporate structure as from January 1, 
2022: 
 
Management and Supervisory Bodies, Board Practices 
Executive Board 
The executive board of Continental AG (the Executive Board) comprises five members. The names of the members 
of the Executive Board, their areas of responsibility and their principal activities outside of Continental Group are 
shown in the table below. 
Name 
Responsibility  
Principal activities outside 
the Continental Group  
Nikolai Setzer  
Chairman of the Executive Board;  
Chairman of the Automotive Board; 
Group Communications and Public Affairs; 
Group Quality, Continental Business System and 
Environment; 
Group Strategy; 
Group Compliance; 
Group Law and Intellectual Property; 
co-pace (Start-up Organization); 
Automotive Central Functions 
None.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Name 
Responsibility  
Principal activities outside 
the Continental Group  
Katja Dürrfeld 
Group Finance and Controlling;  
Group Information Technology 
None. 
Christian Kötz 
Tires; 
Group Purchasing 
None. 
Philip Nelles 
ContiTech 
None. 
Dr. Ariane Reinhart 
Group Human Relations;  
Director of Labor Relations; 
Group Sustainability 
- Vonovia SE, Bochum, 
member of the supervisory 
board 
- Suse S.A., Luxembourg, 
member of the supervisory 
board 
The members of the Executive Board can be contacted at Continental AG's business address: Vahrenwalder Straße 9, 
30165 Hanover, Germany. 
Supervisory Board  
The supervisory board of Continental AG (the Supervisory Board) comprises 20 members. Ten members are elected 
by the shareholders and ten members are elected by the employees of Continental AG and its German subsidiaries 
according to the German Codetermination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz — MitbestG). The names of the members of 
the Supervisory Board, their positions and their further offices outside of Continental Group are shown in the table 
below:  
Name 
Position  
Further offices held outside the Continental 
Group  
Prof. Dr. Ing. Wolfgang Reitzle 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
- Linde plc, Dublin, Ireland, 
chairman of the board, executive committee 
- Axel Springer SE, Berlin,  
member of the supervisory board 
- Ivoclar Vivadent AG, Schaan, Liechtenstein,  
member of the supervisory board 
Hasan Allak* 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board; 
Chairman of the Corporate 
Works Council of Continental 
AG; 
Chairman of the Works Council 
of Continental Reifen 
Deutschland GmbH, Stöcken, 
Hanover 
None. 
Christiane Benner* 
Deputy Chairwoman of the 
Supervisory Board; 
Second Chairwoman of IG 
Metall (Metalworkers' Union) 
- BMW AG, Munich, 
member of the supervisory board

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Name 
Position  
Further offices held outside the Continental 
Group  
Stefan E. Buchner 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
- thyssenkrupp AG, Essen,                        
member of the supervisory board 
- Mosolf SE & Co. KG, Kirchheim unter Teck, 
member of the supervisory board 
- HÖRMANN Holding GmbH & Co. KG, 
Kirchseeon,                                                   
member of the supervisory board 
Dr. Gunter Dunkel  
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
- Muzinich & Co., London, United Kingdom, 
chairman European Private Debt 
- DEVnet AG, Munich, 
member of the supervisory board 
Francesco Grioli* 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board; 
Member of the Central Board of 
Executive Directors 
(geschäftsführender 
Hauptvorstand) of IG Bergbau, 
Chemie, Energie (Mining, 
Chemical and Energy Industries 
Union) 
- Gerresheimer AG, Dusseldorf, 
deputy chairman of the supervisory board 
Michael Iglhaut*  
Member of the Supervisory 
Board; 
Chairman of the works council 
for the Frankfurt location 
None. 
Satish Khatu 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
None. 
Isabel Corinna Knauf 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
- Skillet Fork Farms LLP, Illinois, USA, 
chairwoman of the supervisory board 
- Compagnie Marocaine de Plâtre et d’Enduits 
S.A., Morocco, 
member of the supervisory board 
- PFT Sıva Sistemleri A.Ş., Turkey,  
chairwoman of the supervisory board 
- Knauf Group, 
member and chairwoman of the supervisory 
board in various Knauf Group entities 
Carmen Löffler* 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board; 
Chairwoman of the Central 
Works Council of Conti Temic 
microelectronic GmbH 
None.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Name 
Position  
Further offices held outside the Continental 
Group  
Sabine Neuß 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
 
- JULI Motorenwerk s.r.o., Moravany, Czech 
Republic, 
member of the supervisory board 
- MAGAZINO GmbH, Munich, 
member of the supervisory board 
- Jungheinrich AG, Hamburg, 
member of the executive board 
- Schwerter Profile GmbH, Schwerte,      
member of the supervisory board 
Prof. Dr. Rolf Nonnenmacher 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
- ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE, Unterföhring, 
member of the supervisory board  
- Covestro AG, Leverkusen,  
member of the supervisory board 
- Covestro Deutschland AG, Leverkusen, 
member of the supervisory board 
Dirk Nordmann*  
Member of the Supervisory 
Board; 
Chairman of the Works Council 
for the Vahrenwald Plant, 
ContiTech Antriebssysteme 
GmbH, Hannover 
None. 
Lorenz Pfau* 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board; 
Chairman of the Central Works 
Council of Continental 
Automotive GmbH; 
None. 
Klaus Rosenfeld  
 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
- Schaeffler AG, Herzogenaurach, 
Chief Executive Officer 
- Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy S.A., 
Zamudio, Spain,  
member of the supervisory board 
- Vitesco Technolgies Group AG, Regensburg, 
member of the supervisory board 
Georg F. W. Schaeffler 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
- INA-Holding Schaeffler GmbH & Co. KG, 
Herzogenaurach,  
co-owner 
- IHO Verwaltungs GmbH, Herzogenaurach, 
managing director 
- Schaeffler AG, Herzogenaurach,  
chairman of the supervisory board  
- ATESTEO Management GmbH, 
Herzogenaurach,  
member of the supervisory board 
- Vitesco Technologies Group AG, Regensburg, 
member of the supervisory board

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Name 
Position  
Further offices held outside the Continental 
Group  
Dorothea von Boxberg 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
- Lufthansa Cargo AG, Frankfurt am Main, 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Jörg Schönfelder*  
Member of the Supervisory 
Board; 
Chairman of the Works Council 
for the Korbach plant; 
Chairman of the Continental 
European Works Council 
None. 
Stefan Scholz* 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board; 
Head of Finance & Treasury 
 
- Phoenix Pensionskasse von 1925, Hamburg, 
member of the supervisory board 
- Pensionskasse für Angestellte der Continental 
Aktiengesellschaft VVaG, Hanover, 
member of the supervisory board 
Elke Volkmann* 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board; 
Second Authorized 
Representative of the IG Metall 
Nordhessen, administration 
office for North Hesse, Kassel 
- Krauss-Maffei Wegmann Verwaltungs GmbH, 
Munich,  
member of the supervisory board 
* Employee Representative.  
The members of the Supervisory Board can be contacted at Continental AG's business address: Vahrenwalder 
Straße 9, 30165 Hanover, Germany.  
Conflicts of Interest of the Members of the Corporate Bodies 
Mr. Georg F.W. Schaeffler - in addition to his indirect major shareholding in Continental AG (see "Risk Factors — 
The IHO Shareholders as major shareholders of Continental could influence Continental's business activities.", and 
"Business of the Continental Group — Material Contracts") - is a major shareholder of Schaeffler AG (together with 
the companies controlled by or controlling Schaeffler AG, the Schaeffler Group). In addition, Mr. Klaus Rosenfeld 
holds management or supervisory board positions in companies of the Schaeffler Group. Conflicts of interest may 
arise between the duties of these persons to Continental and to Schaeffler Group. 
With these exceptions there are no potential conflicts of interest among the members of the Executive Board and of 
the Supervisory Board between their obligations to Continental AG and their private interests or other obligations. 
Audit Committee 
The Supervisory Board has established the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee's tasks relate to Continental 
AG's accounting, the audit of the financial statements, risk management and compliance. In particular, the committee 
monitors the accounting process and the effectiveness of the internal control system, the risk management system 
and the internal audit system and compliance, performs a preliminary examination of Continental AG's annual 
financial statements and Continental Group's consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, the committee 
discusses Continental Group's draft interim financial reports or draft quarterly statements (Quartalsmitteilungen) and 
is responsible for ensuring the necessary independence of auditors, for engaging the auditors, for determining the 
focus of the audit and for negotiating the fee. The committee is also responsible for the preliminary audit of non-
financial reporting and for the engagement of an auditor for its review, if any. The committee also gives its 
recommendation for the Supervisory Board's proposal to the annual shareholders' meeting of Continental AG for the 
election of the auditor. The members of the Audit Committee are: Prof. Dr. Rolf Nonnenmacher (Chairman), 
Francesco Grioli, Michael Iglhaut, Dirk Nordmann, Klaus Rosenfeld and Georg F.W. Schaeffler.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Corporate Governance 
The German Corporate Governance Code (Deutsche Corporate Governance Kodex) dated December 16, 2019, and 
published by the German Federal Ministry of Justice in the official section of the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
on March 20, 2020 (the Corporate Governance Code) contains certain recommendations and suggestions for the 
management and supervision of German listed companies with regard to shareholders, their corporate bodies, 
transparency, accounting, and the audit of financial statements. Such companies are under no obligation to comply 
with the recommendations or suggestions in the Corporate Governance Code (unless they have publicly declared that 
they will do so). German stock corporation law merely requires the executive board and supervisory board of a listed 
company to declare annually if they comply with the recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code or to 
explain why certain recommendations were or are not followed. Deviations from the Corporate Governance Code's 
suggestions do not need to be disclosed.  
The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board support the Corporate Governance Code's objectives to promote 
responsible, transparent corporate management and control aimed at achieving a sustained increase in Continental 
AG's shareholder value. In October 2021, the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board adopted the latest 
declaration of compliance with the Corporate Governance Code in accordance with Section 161 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), which is available on Continental AG's website (www.continental.com). Continental 
AG was and is in compliance with the recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code with the following 
qualification: 
- 
 According to recommendation C.2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Supervisory Board shall set an 
age limit for members of the Supervisory Board.  
 
The Supervisory Board does not set an age limit because it does not consider such a general criterion to be 
appropriate for evaluating the qualifications of a Supervisory Board member. 
- 
According to recommendation C.4 of the Corporate Governance Code, a Supervisory Board member who is 
not a member of any management board of a listed company shall not accept more than five supervisory 
board mandates at non-group listed companies or comparable functions, with an appointment as chair of the 
supervisory board being counted twice.  
In connection with the spin-off of Vitesco Technologies on September 15, 2021, Prof. KR Siegfried Wolf, 
former member of the Supervisory Board of Continental AG, was elected to the supervisory board of 
Vitesco Technologies, which has been listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) since September 16, 2021. Prof. KR Siegfried Wolf was elected chairman of the 
supervisory board of Vitesco Technologies on October 4, 2021. As a result, Prof. KR Siegfried Wolf 
exceeded the maximum number of supervisory board mandates recommended by recommendation C.4 of 
the Corporate Governance Code until his resignation from the Supervisory Board of Continental AG on 
December 31, 2021. 
- 
According to recommendation C.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, members of any management board 
of a listed company shall not have, in aggregate, more than two supervisory board mandates in non-group 
listed companies or comparable functions, and shall not accept the chairmanship of a supervisory board in a 
non-group listed company. 
In connection with the spin-off of Vitesco Technologies on September 15, 2021, Mr. Klaus Rosenfeld, 
member of the Supervisory Board of Continental AG and chief executive officer of Schaeffler AG, was also 
elected to the supervisory board of Vitesco Technologies. As Mr. Klaus Rosenfeld also holds another 
mandate on the supervisory board of a listed company, he exceeds the number of supervisory board 
mandates recommended in recommendation C.5 of the Corporate Governance Code. 
Share Capital 
As of December 31, 2021, the share capital of Continental AG amounts to EUR 512,015,316.48. It is divided into 
200,005,983 ordinary bearer shares with no par value, each such share with a notional value of EUR 2.56. The share 
capital has been fully paid up.  
Each of Continental AG's shares, except treasury shares (December 31, 2021: three shares), entitles the holder to one 
vote at Continental AG's annual shareholders' meeting. There are no voting rights restrictions. Continental AG's 
major shareholders do not have different voting rights.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Financial Year 
The financial year of Continental AG is the calendar year. 
Auditors 
The independent auditors of Continental AG for the year ended December 31, 2021 were PricewaterhouseCoopers 
GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Fuhrberger Str. 5, 30625 Hanover, Germany. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft has audited the consolidated financial statements of Continental AG as of 
and for the year ended December 31, 2021 which were prepared on the basis of International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and has given its unqualified opinion. 
The independent auditors of Continental AG for the year ended December 31, 2020 were KPMG AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, 
Prinzenstraße 
23, 
30159 
Hanover, 
Germany. 
KPMG 
AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft has audited the consolidated financial statements of Continental AG as of and for 
the year ended December 31, 2020 which were prepared on the basis of International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and has given its unqualified opinion. 
Both 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
and 
KMPG 
AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
are 
members 
of 
the 
German 
Chamber 
of 
Public 
Accountants 
(Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
For the financial year starting January 1, 2022, PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, 
Fuhrberger Str. 5, 30625 Hanover, Germany, has been elected as independent auditor of Continental AG. 
Major Shareholders  
Based on notices Continental AG received from its shareholders pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) until April 29, 2022, the shareholders listed below held, as per the day of their respective 
notice, the following shareholdings: 
Beneficial 
Shareholder(s) 
Shareholder (direct holding 
pursuant to Section 33(1) 
Securities Trading Act) 
Percentage of voting rights Holding as at Notification 
received by 
Continental on 
Georg F.W. Schaeffler 
and Maria-Elisabeth 
Schaeffler-Thumann, 
Herzogenaurach, 
Germany 
IHO Verwaltungs GmbH, 
Herzogenaurach, Germany(1) 
35.99 
Dec. 31, 2015 Jan. 4, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
Georg F.W. Schaeffler 
and Maria-Elisabeth 
Schaeffler-Thumann, 
Herzogenaurach, 
Germany 
IHO Beteiligungs GmbH,  
Herzogenaurach, Germany(2) 
10.01 
Dec. 31, 2015 Jan. 4, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
BlackRock, Inc., 
Wilmington, DE, United 
States of America(3) 
Various entities within the 
BlackRock group 
 
3.11 
Feb. 23, 2022 Feb. 28, 2022  
 
Harris Associates L.P., 
Wilmington, DE, United 
States of America(4) 
Harris Associates Investment 
Trust  
 
5.01 
May 4, 2021 
May 7, 2021  
 
 
 
 
 
Harris Associates 
Investment Trust 
Harris Associates Investment 
Trust 
3.00 
Apr. 19, 2021 Apr. 21, 2021(5) 
____________ 
 
 
 
(1) The voting rights held by IHO Verwaltungs GmbH (still operating as Schaeffler Verwaltung Zwei GmbH as at December 31, 2015), 
Herzogenaurach, Germany, were attributed to (i) IHO Beteiligungs GmbH (still operating as Schaeffler Verwaltungs GmbH as at December 31, 
2015), Herzogenaurach, Germany; (ii) IHO Holding GmbH & Co. KG (still operating as Schaeffler Holding GmbH & Co. KG as at

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
December 31, 2015), Herzogenaurach, Germany; (iii) IHO Management GmbH (still operating as Schaeffler Management GmbH as at 
December 31, 2015), Herzogenaurach, Germany; (iv) INA-Holding Schaeffler GmbH & Co. KG, Herzogenaurach, Germany; (v) Schaeffler 
Holding LP, Dallas, USA; (vi) Georg F.W. Schaeffler and (vii) Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler-Thumann pursuant to Section 34 of the German 
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz). The notification was published by Continental AG on January 7, 2016.  
(2) The voting rights held by IHO Beteiligungs GmbH (still operating as Schaeffler Verwaltungs GmbH as at December 31, 2015), 
Herzogenaurach, Germany, were attributed to (i) IHO Holding GmbH & Co. KG (still operating as Schaeffler Holding GmbH & Co. KG as at 
December 31, 2015), Herzogenaurach, Germany; (ii) IHO Management GmbH (still operating as Schaeffler Management GmbH as at 
December 31, 2015), Herzogenaurach, Germany; (iii) INA-Holding Schaeffler GmbH & Co. KG, Herzogenaurach, Germany; (iv) Schaeffler 
Holding LP, Dallas, USA; (v) Georg F.W. Schaeffler and (vi) Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler-Thumann pursuant to Section 34 of the German 
Securities Trading Act. The notification was published by Continental AG on January 7, 2016. 
(3) 2.97% of these voting rights (5,932,329 voting rights) were attributed to the company in accordance with Section 34 of the German Securities 
Trading Act; 0.08% of these voting rights (168,034 voting rights) were attributed to the company as instruments in accordance with Section 
38 (1) sentence 1 No. 1 of the German Securities Trading Act; and 0.06% of these voting rights (113,452 voting rights) were attributed to the 
company as instruments in accordance with Section 38 (1) sentence 1 No. 2 of the German Securities Trading Act. The notification was 
published by Continental AG on March 1, 2022.  
(4) 5.01% of these voting rights (10,030,136 voting rights) were attributed to the company in accordance with Section 34 of the German Securities 
Trading Act. The notification was published by Continental AG on May 10, 2021. 
(5) The notification was published by Continental AG on April 22, 2021. 
To Continental AG's knowledge, the IHO Shareholders exercise control over Continental AG within the meaning of 
Section 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG). In view of the historical presences at Continental AG's 
annual shareholders' meetings since 2006, such shareholding of 46.0% conveys factual control to the IHO 
Shareholders. In connection herewith, Continental AG has prepared a dependency report (Abhängigkeitsbericht) 
pursuant to Section 312 German Stock Corporation Act for the financial year ended December 31, 2021. 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG as of and for the financial year ended 
December 31, 2021, which were prepared on the basis of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as 
adopted by the European Union and the audit opinion (Bestätigungsvermerk) thereon, together contained in 
Continental AG’s Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2021 on pages 102 to 212, are incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus.  
The audited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG as of and for the financial year ended 
December 31, 2020, which were prepared on the basis of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as 
adopted by the European Union and the audit opinion (Bestätigungsvermerk) thereon, together contained in 
Continental AG’s Annual Report (Geschäftsbericht) 2020 on pages 117 to 215, are incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus.  
Selected Key Financial Data of the Continental Group: 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented in the following tables has been taken or derived 
from the audited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG as presented in Continental AG’s Annual 
Report (Geschäftsbericht) as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021. Where financial information in 
the following tables is presented as “audited”, it indicates that the financial information has been taken from the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG as presented in Continental AG’s Annual Report 
(Geschäftsbericht) as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021. The label “unaudited” is used in the 
following tables to indicate financial information that (i) has not been taken but derived from the audited 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021, (ii) has been taken or 
derived from Continental AG’s accounting records or (iii) has been taken or derived from Continental AG’s internal 
management reporting systems. 
The spin-off of parts of the former Powertrain business area has resulted in the application of IFRS 5, Non-current 
Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. These parts make up most of the discontinued operations. 
The financial information presented in the table below generally shows the financial figures for Continental Group’s 
continuing operations for all reporting periods. However, the figures for cash flow arising from operating activities, 
investing activities and financing activities as well as net income refer to continuing and discontinued operations for 
the financial years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
Jan. 01 –  
Dec. 31, 2021 
Jan. 01 –  
Dec. 31, 2020 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR million) 
Sales ..............................................................................
33,765.2 
31,864.4 
EBITDA(1) .....................................................................
4,104.2 
2,763.5 
EBIT(2) ...........................................................................
1,845.8 
-428.0 
Financial result(3) ...........................................................
-136.3 
-187.9 
Earnings before tax from continuing operations ...........
1,709.5 
-615.9 
Cash flow arising from operating activities...................
2,954.4 
2,714.0 
Cash flow arising from investing activities ...................
-1,582.0 
-1,835.3 
Cash flow arising from financing activities...................
-1,156.7 
-1,140.6 
Net income ....................................................................
1,506.9 
-918.8 
 
The financial information presented in the table below as of December 31, 2021 shows the figures for Continental 
Group’s continuing operations, whereas the financial information presented in the table below as of December 31, 
2020 shows the figures for Continental Group’s continuing and discontinued operations.  
 
 
Dec. 31, 
2021 
Dec. 31,  
2020 
 
(audited, unless otherwise 
indicated) 
(audited, unless otherwise 
indicated) 
 
(in EUR million) 
Total assets ....................................................................
35,840.8 
39,638.0 
Total equity ...................................................................
12,643.2 
12,639.1 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short term 
debt minus cash)(4) (5) ...................................................
3,991.4 
4,395.7 
 
(1)  Continental AG defines EBITDA (Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) as earnings before financial 
result, tax, depreciation and amortization. It equals the sum of EBIT, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, 
amortization of intangible assets and impairment, excluding impairment on financial investments. Continental AG reports 
its EBITDA because it believes it is a helpful figure for evaluating the Continental Group's and its business areas' operating 
performance. EBITDA is not a performance indicator recognized under International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS). The EBITDA reported is not necessarily comparable to the performance figures published by other companies as 
EBITDA or the like.  
 
Jan. 01 – Dec. 31, 2021 
Jan. 01 – Dec. 31, 2020 
 
(in EUR million) 
EBITDA 
4,104.2 
2,763.5 
Depreciation and amortization(a) 
-2,258.4 
-3,191.5 
Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) 
1,845.8 
-428.0 
(a) Excluding impairment on financial investments.  
(2) 
Continental AG defines EBIT (Earnings before interest and tax) as earnings before financial result and tax. It is the result 
of ordinary business activities. Continental AG reports its EBIT because it believes it is a helpful figure for evaluating the 
Continental Group's and its business areas' operating performance. EBIT is not a performance indicator recognized under 
IFRS. The EBIT reported is not necessarily comparable to the performance figures published by other companies as EBIT 
or the like. 
(3) 
Continental AG defines financial result as the sum of interest income, interest expense, the effects from currency 
translation (resulting from financial transactions), the effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments, and 
other valuation effects. The financial result is the result of financial activities. Continental AG reports its financial result 
because it believes it is a helpful figure for evaluating the Continental Group's result of financial activities. Financial result 
is not a performance indicator recognized under IFRS. The financial result reported is not necessarily comparable to the 
performance figures published by other companies as financial result or the like. 
(4) 
Unaudited.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
(5) 
Net financial debt is calculated as the net amount of long-term indebtedness, short-term indebtedness and cash and cash 
equivalents as recognized in the statement of financial position in Continental Group's annual reports and half-year 
financial reports or quarterly statements. Net financial debt is not comparable to net indebtedness as shown in Continental 
Group's annual reports and half-year financial reports or quarterly statements. Continental AG defines net indebtedness as 
the net amount of interest-bearing financial liabilities as recognized in the statement of financial position, the fair values of 
the derivative instruments, cash and cash equivalents, as well as other interest-bearing investments. Continental AG reports 
its net indebtedness in its annual reports and its half-year financial reports or quarterly statements because it believes it is a 
helpful figure for evaluating the Continental Group's capital structure. Net indebtedness is not a performance indicator 
recognized under IFRS. The net indebtedness reported is not necessarily comparable to the performance figures published 
by other companies as net indebtedness or the like.  
Trend Information and Significant Changes  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Continental AG since December 31, 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Continental Group since 
December 31, 2021. 
Borrowing and Funding 
On April 29, 2022 and May 2, 2022, Continental AG repaid two promissory note bank loans in a total amount of 
EUR 264 million which were both issued in April 2019 and matured on April 30, 2022. Repayment was funded by 
available cash. 
Other than that, there have been no material changes in the borrowing and funding structure of Continental AG since 
December 31, 2021. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Please refer to "Business of the Continental Group – Legal and Arbitration Proceedings". 
Material Contracts 
Please refer to "Business of the Continental Group – Material Contracts ".

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Rating  
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited1, 2 has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of BBB3, negative outlook, to 
Continental AG.4 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, formerly Fitch Ratings España S.A.U.,5 has assigned a solicited long-term credit 
rating of BBB6, stable outlook, to Continental AG.4 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH7 has assigned a solicited rating of Baa28, negative outlook, to Continental AG.4 
 
1  
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in Ireland and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
2  
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days 
following the adoption of a decision under article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in 
the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
3  
According to the definition published by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited on its homepage BBB means “An obligation rated 'BBB' 
exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. The ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the 
addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.”  
4  
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity being able to 
redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
5  
Fitch Ratings España S.A.U. was merged into Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited on 30 November 2020. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is 
established in Ireland and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
6  
According to the definition published by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited on its homepage, “‘BBB’ ratings indicate that expectations of default 
risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major 
rating categories.”  
7  
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in Germany and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
8  
According to the definition published by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors on its 
homepage: “Obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risk. They are judged to be medium-grade and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The 
modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category.”

--- Page 45 ---
45 
CONTI-GUMMI FINANCE  
– ISSUER –  
General Information 
The legal and commercial name is Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. (CGF). 
CGF was incorporated on July 3, 1979 as a private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap) under the 
laws of The Netherlands for an indefinite period of time, and is governed by the laws of The Netherlands. It is 
registered at the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce. CGF's registration number is 33157039. 
CGF's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 7245005XLGUQL4UWDV24. 
CGF's registered office is located at Bassin 100–106, 6211 AK Maastricht, The Netherlands (telephone number 
+31 43 3299970). Its official seat is in Maastricht, the Netherlands. 
CGF does not have a website, information on Continental Group is available at www.continental.com. The 
information on the Continental Group's website does not form part of this Prospectus unless it is explicitly 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
There have been no relevant recent events particular to CGF which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of CGF's solvency. 
Corporate Purpose  
Pursuant to article 3 of the articles of association of CGF, the objects of CGF are to 
• incorporate, to participate in any way whatsoever in, to manage, to supervise businesses and companies, 
• finance businesses and companies,  
• borrow, to lend and to raise funds, including the issue of bonds, promissory notes or other securities or evidence 
of indebtedness as well as to enter into agreements in connection with aforementioned activities, 
• render guarantees, to bind the company and to pledge its assets for obligations of (i) the companies and 
enterprises with which it forms a group and (ii) third parties, 
• render advice and services to businesses and companies with which the company forms a group and to third 
parties, 
• acquire, alienate, manage and exploit registered property and items of property in general, 
• trade in currencies, securities and items of property in general, 
• develop and trade in patents, trademarks, licenses, know-how and other industrial property rights, and 
• do all that is connected therewith or may be conducive thereto, all to be interpreted in the broadest sense. 
Principal Activities 
The principal activity of CGF is the provision of loans to Continental AG and to companies of the Continental 
Group financed with funds acquired from the capital market, bank loans and loans from other companies of the 
Continental Group. 
Organizational Structures 
CGF is a wholly owned subsidiary of Continental Automotive Holding Netherlands B.V., which is a wholly owned 
indirect subsidiary of Continental AG, and belongs to the Continental Group. For more information on the 
organizational structure of the Continental Group, please see "Continental AG — General information about 
Continental AG — Organizational structure". 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
CGF is managed by Continental Automotive Holding Netherlands B.V.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
CGF is legally represented by Continental Automotive Holding Netherlands B.V., which is in turn represented by 
CGH Holding B.V. The management of CGH Holding B.V. is comprised of the following members: 
• 
Peter Maria Fidelius Cornelis Verbruggen (managing director A);  
• 
Mathias Christiaan Maria Creemers (managing director B); and  
• 
Maria Cornelia Antonia Lamberta van der Walle – Peters (managing director B).  
Continental Automotive Holding Netherlands B.V. is also managing the following entity:  
• 
Continental Secure Data Headquarter B.V.  
CGH Holding B.V. is also managing the following entities:  
• 
Continental Automotive Holding Netherlands B.V. 
• 
Continental Global Holding Netherlands B.V. 
• 
ContiTech Global Holding Netherlands B.V. 
• 
ContiTech Holding Netherlands B.V.  
• 
CAH Holding B.V.  
Peter Maria Fidelius Cornelis Verbruggen is also managing director of the following entities:  
• 
Continental Automotive Systems UK Holding Ltd.  
• 
MC Projects B.V. and 
CGF has a supervisory board which is comprised of the following members:  
Holger Siebenthaler; 
Dr. Simone Reinhardt. 
Continental Automotive Holding Netherlands B.V. and the members of the supervisory board of CGF may be 
contacted at Conti-Gummi Finance B.V., Bassin 100–106, 6211 AK Maastricht, The Netherlands. 
None of the members of the board of managing directors of CGH Holding B.V. or the supervisory board of CGF 
has declared that there are potential conflicts of interest between any duties to CGF and their private interests 
and/or other duties. 
CGF has an audit committee, which is comprised of the same persons as the above mentioned supervisory board of 
CGF. The task of CGF's audit committee is to prepare for the decisions to be taken by, and to advise the 
supervisory board of CGF in connection with CGF's financial information, external audit, tax planning, financing 
arrangements, relationship with auditors, risk management and compliance.  
CGF is a privately held company and is therefore not subject to public corporate governance standards.  
Share Capital  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the share capital of CGF amounts to EUR 18,000, divided into 2 shares of 
EUR 9,000 nominal value each which are fully paid up. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of CGF is the calendar year.  
Auditors 
The independent auditors of CGF for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were BDO 
Audit & Assurance B.V., Krijgsman 9, 1186 DM Amstelveen, The Netherlands. 
BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. has audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing principles in The 
Netherlands, the complete financial statements of CGF as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 
December 31, 2020, which were prepared by CGF in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in

--- Page 47 ---
47 
The Netherlands (Dutch GAAP) for the years 2021 and 2020 and has given its unqualified opinion for each of 
these years. 
The auditor signing on behalf of BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. is a member of The Royal Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) in the Netherlands. BDO 
Audit & Assurance B.V. is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële 
Markten).  
Historical Financial Information  
The audited financial statements of CGF as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021, prepared on the 
basis of Dutch GAAP (containing, inter alia, the balance sheet, the profit and loss account, the cash flow statement 
and the notes to the financial statements of CGF), together with the independent auditor’s report thereon, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
The audited financial statements of CGF as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2020, prepared on the 
basis of Dutch GAAP (containing, inter alia, the balance sheet, the profit and loss account, the cash flow statement 
and the notes to the financial statements of CGF), together with the independent auditor’s report thereon, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Selected Key Financial Data of CGF:  
The following selected financial information has been extracted without material adjustment from the financial 
statements 2021 of CGF (audited), unless otherwise indicated: 
 
Jan. 01 – 
Dec. 31, 
2021 
Jan. 01 – 
Dec. 31, 
2020 
 
(audited)  
(audited)  
(in EUR thousand) 
Result for the year ............................................................................................
2,952 
1,379 
Net cash flows from operating activities ..........................................................
2,843 
2,005 
Net cash flows from investing activities ..........................................................
7,000 
-1,364,681 
Net cash flows from financing activities ..........................................................
0 
1,364,692 
 
 
Dec. 31, 
2021 
Dec. 31,  
2020 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short term debt minus cash)(1) ...........
1,360,579 
1,367,585 
 
 
 
(1) 
Net financial debt is calculated as long-term liabilities (EUR 1,368,775 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and EUR 
1,366,064 thousand as of December 31, 2020) plus current liabilities (EUR 4,118 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and 
EUR 3,992 thousand as of December 31, 2020) minus current account with ultimate shareholder (EUR 12,314 thousand as 
of December 31, 2021 and EUR 2,471 thousand as of December 31, 2020) as included in CGF's financial statements. 
Trend Information and Significant Changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of CGF since December 31, 2021.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of CGF since December 31, 
2021.  
Borrowing and Funding 
There have been no material changes in the borrowing and funding structure of CGF since December 31, 2021.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the previous twelve months there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which CGF is aware) which may have, or have had in the 
recent past significant effects on CGF's financial position or profitability.  
Material Contracts 
CGF did not enter into any contracts outside the ordinary course of business that are material to its ability to meet 
its obligations to the Holders in respect of the Notes.  
Rating 
No ratings have been assigned to CGF.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
CONTINENTAL RUBBER OF AMERICA  
– ISSUER – 
General Information 
The legal and commercial name is Continental Rubber of America, Corp. (CRoA). 
CRoA was incorporated on June 24, 1987 (certificate of incorporation dated June 23, 1987), under the laws of the 
State of Delaware, USA, for an indefinite period of time under the name of "GT Acquisition Corp", and is 
governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, USA. It adopted its present name in August 1987 and is registered 
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, USA. CRoA's registration number is 2130141. CRoA's Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) is 529900ERKJOX9XU8KO59. 
CRoA's registered office is located at Corporate Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, 
USA (telephone number +1 (302) 658-7581). Its main place of business is at 1830 MacMillan Park Drive, Fort 
Mill, South Carolina 29707, USA (telephone number +1 (704) 583-8849). 
The legal form of Continental Rubber of America, Corp. is a corporation, and it operates under the General 
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
CRoA does not have a website, information on Continental Group is available at www.continental.com. The 
information on the Continental Group's website does not form part of this Prospectus unless it is explicitly 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
There have been no relevant recent events particular to CRoA which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of CRoA's solvency. 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to article III of the certificate of incorporation of CRoA dated June 23, 1987 (as amended from time to 
time, the Certificate of Incorporation of CRoA), as amended by the certificate of amendment to the certificate of 
incorporation dated August 28, 1987, it is the purpose of CRoA to engage in any lawful act or activity for which 
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
Principal Activities 
The main purpose of CRoA is the financing of the subsidiaries of Continental AG, in particular, but not limited to, 
such subsidiaries which are based in the United States of America. Beside these operations CRoA has no further 
material activities. 
Organizational Structure 
CRoA is a wholly owned subsidiary of Continental Automotive, Inc., which is, through a series of other 
subsidiaries, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Continental AG, and belongs to the Continental Group. For 
more information on the organizational structure of the Continental Group, please see "Continental AG — General 
information about Continental AG — Organizational structure". 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
CRoA currently has two directors serving on the Board of Directors. The directors are obliged to comply with the 
instructions issued by the shareholders.  
The Board of Directors of CRoA consists of the following directors: 
George R. Jurch, 1830 MacMillan Park Drive, Fort Mill, SC 29707, USA, 
Timothy P. Rogers, 1830 MacMillan Park Drive, Fort Mill, SC 29707, USA.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Other activities of George R. Jurch are outlined in the table below:  
Name 
Body of Appointment 
Continental Tire Sumter, Inc. 
Board of Directors and Officer 
Stable One Insurance Company LLC 
Board of Managers and Officer 
Continental Autonomous Mobility US, LLC 
Officer 
Elektrobit Automotive Americas Inc. 
Officer 
Continental Automotive Systems, Inc. 
Officer 
Continental Automotive, Inc. 
Officer 
Continental Tire Canada, Inc. 
Officer 
Continental Tire Holding US LLC 
Officer 
Continental Tire the Americas, LLC 
Officer 
ContiTech Canada, Inc. 
Officer 
ContiTech Oil and Marine Corp. 
Officer 
ContiTech North America, Inc. 
Officer 
ContiTech Thermopol LLC 
Officer 
ContiTech USA, Inc. 
Officer 
Custom Machining Services, Inc. 
Officer 
DynaGen, Inc. 
Officer 
General Tire International Company 
Officer 
Legg Company, Inc. 
Officer 
Continental Intelligent Transportation Systems, LLC 
Officer 
Continental Autonomous Mobility Holding US LLC 
Officer 
Hoosier Racing Tire Corp.  
Officer  
Veyance Industrial Services, Inc.  
Officer 
Veyance Technologies Canada (NS), ULC 
Officer 
Zonar Systems, Inc. 
Officer 
O’Sullivan Films, Inc. 
Officer 
BestDrive, LLC 
Officer 
CGT Referral Resources, Inc. 
Officer 
Other activities of Timothy P. Rogers are outlined in the table below: 
Name 
Body of Appointment 
BestDrive, LLC 
Board of Directors and Officer 
Continental Automotive Systems, Inc. 
Board of Directors and Officer 
Continental Automotive, Inc. 
Board of Directors and Officer 
Continental Tire Canada, Inc. 
Board of Directors and Officer 
Continental Tire Holding US LLC 
Board of Managers and Officer 
Continental Tire Sumter, LLC 
Board of Managers and Officer 
Continental Tire the Americas, LLC 
Board of Managers and Officer 
CGT Referral Resources, Inc. 
Board of Managers and Officer 
ContiTech Canada, Inc. 
Officer 
ContiTech Oil and Marine Corp. 
Officer 
ContiTech North America, Inc. 
Officer 
ContiTech Thermopol LLC 
Officer 
ContiTech USA, Inc. 
Officer 
Custom Machining Services, Inc. 
Officer 
DynaGen, Inc. 
Board of Directors and Officer 
Elektrobit Automotive Americas Inc. 
Officer 
General Tire International Company 
Board of Directors and Officer

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Legg Company, Inc. 
Officer 
Continental Intelligent Transportation Systems, LLC 
Officer 
Hoosier Racing Tire Corp.  
Board of Directors and Officer 
Stable One Insurance Company LLC 
Board of Managers and Officer 
Veyance Industrial Services, Inc.  
Officer 
Veyance Technologies Canada (NS), ULC 
Officer 
Zonar Systems, Inc. 
Officer 
O’Sullivan Films, Inc. 
Officer 
Continental Automotive Mexicana, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
Board of Directors 
Continental Tire de México, S.A. de C.V. 
Board of Directors 
Continental Automotive Maquila Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
Board of Directors 
None of the persons referred to above has declared that there are potential conflicts of interest between any duties 
to CRoA and their private interests and/or other duties. 
CRoA is a privately held company and is therefore not subject to public corporate governance standards. It does 
not have an audit committee. 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the authorized capital of CRoA amounts to USD 400,000, consisting of 400,000 
shares of common stock of par value USD 1.00 each, 10,000 of which have been issued and paid up as at 
December 31, 2021.  
Financial Year 
The financial year of CRoA is the calendar year. 
Auditors 
The independent auditors of CRoA for the year ended December 31, 2021 were PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 300 
Madison Ave, New York, NY 10017, USA. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has audited, in accordance with 
generally accepted auditing standards in the USA, the financial statements of CRoA as of and for the year ended 
December 31, 2021 which were prepared by CRoA in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in 
the USA for the year 2021 and has given its unmodified opinion for this year.  
The independent auditors of CRoA for the year ended December 31, 2020 were KPMG LLP, Suite 1900, 440 
Monticello Avenue, Norfolk, Virginia 23510, USA. KPMG LLP has audited, in accordance with generally 
accepted auditing standards in the USA, the financial statements of CRoA as of and for the year ended December 
31, 2020 which were prepared by CRoA in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the USA 
for the year 2020 and has given its unmodified opinion for this year. 
Both PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and KPMG LLP are members of American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants, 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036, USA. 
Historical Financial Information  
The audited financial statements of CRoA as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021, prepared on 
the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the USA (U.S. GAAP) (containing, inter alia, the balance 
sheet, the statement of operations and comprehensive income, the statement of shareholder's equity, the statement 
of cash flows and the notes to the financial statements of CRoA), together with the auditors' report thereon, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The audited financial statements of CRoA as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2020, prepared on 
the basis of U.S. GAAP (containing, inter alia, the balance sheet, the statement of operations and comprehensive 
loss, the statement of shareholder's equity, the statement of cash flows and the notes to the financial statements of 
CRoA), together with the auditors' report thereon, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Selected Key Financial Data of CRoA: 
Where financial information in the following tables is presented as “audited”, it indicates that the financial 
information has been taken from the audited financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 
December 31, 2021 of CRoA. The label “unaudited” is used in the following tables to indicate that the financial 
information has not been taken directly from the audited financial statements of CRoA as of and for the financial 
year ended December 31, 2021 but are derived from them: 
 
Jan. 01 – Dec. 31, 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
(in USD thousand)  
Net income ...............................................................................................................
2,981 
3,948 
Net cash provided by operating activities.................................................................
2,624 
2,631 
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ..................................................
(87,177) 
1,061,071 
Net cash provided by (used in) from financing activities .........................................
318,815 
(862,910) 
 
 
Dec. 31, 
2021 
Dec. 31,  
2020 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
 
(in USD thousand) 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short term debt minus cash)(1) ...........
(217,515) 
(223,727) 
 
 
 
(1) 
Net financial debt is calculated as debt (USD 240,474 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and USD 0 thousand as of 
December 31, 2020) minus cash and cash equivalents (USD 457,989 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and USD 223,727 
thousand as of December 31, 2020) as included in CRoA’s financial statements. A negative amount of net financial debt 
indicates a net cash position of USD 217,515 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and of USD 223,727 thousand as of 
December 31, 2020. 
Trend Information and Significant Changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of CRoA since December 31, 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of CRoA since 
December 31, 2021. 
Borrowing and Funding 
There have been no material changes in the borrowing and funding structure of CRoA since December 31, 2021. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the previous twelve months there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which CRoA is aware) which may have, or have had in 
the recent past significant effects on CRoA's financial position or profitability. 
Material Contracts 
CRoA did not enter into any contracts outside the ordinary course of business that are material to its ability to meet 
its obligations to the Holders in respect of the Notes.  
Rating 
No ratings have been assigned to CRoA.

--- Page 53 ---
527 locations in 58 countries and markets 
sfr 
34,157 North America
s 
jYi,110,544 Europe 
119 
255 
; 
1,437 Africa 
7,171 South America 
28 
Asia 36,197 
100 
Australia 1,369 
9 
World 190,875 employees 
527 locations 
 
53 
BUSINESS OF THE CONTINENTAL GROUP 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Continental is a worldwide automotive supplier of a broad range of electronic systems and components, tires and 
non-tire rubber products. Continental primarily focuses on the improvement and integration of individual 
components as well as the cross-linking of such components to sophisticated systems, with the goal of making 
individual mobility safer, more comfortable and more sustainable. It develops, produces and markets products that 
address the key growth trends of the automotive industry, such as enhanced driving safety, comfort and 
convenience, digitalization of vehicles and climate protection. With a 61% share of consolidated sales in the 
financial year ended December 31, 2021, the automotive industry (with the exception of the replacement business) 
is Continental’s most important customer group. Continental's second-biggest market segment is the global 
replacement tire business for passenger cars and commercial vehicles. 
Continental has a global presence and is therefore able to serve its automotive OEMs, such as the Daimler Group, 
Ford, Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi, Stellantis and the Volkswagen Group, amongst others, and non-automotive OEM 
customers on a worldwide basis.  
The spin-off of parts of the former Powertrain business area has resulted in the application of IFRS 5, Non-current 
Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, and these parts make up most of the discontinued operations. 
Unless otherwise stated, financial information presented in this section “Business of the Continental Group” is 
based on continuing operations only.  
Geographically, the most important sales region is Europe, followed by North America and Asia-Pacific. In the 
financial year ended December 31, 2021, sales in Europe (including Germany) accounted for 49% of Continental's 
revenues (2020: 49%), followed by North America (2021: 25%; 2020: 25%), Asia-Pacific (2021: 22%; 2020: 22%) 
and others (2021: 4%; 2020: 4%). Germany alone accounted for 17% of Continental’s total sales in 2021 (2020: 
18%).  
As at December 31, 2021, the Continental Group comprised its parent company Continental AG and (including 
non-controlled companies) 472 companies at a total of 527 locations in 58 countries and markets worldwide. As at 
December 31, 2021, Continental had a total of 190,875 employees (as compared to a total of 195,896 employees as 
at December 31, 2020 and 236,386 as at December 31, 2020 for continuing and discontinued operations).  
 
GROUP SECTORS OF THE CONTINENTAL GROUP 
Since January 1, 2022, Continental's business is organized in the four group sectors Automotive, Tires, ContiTech 
and Contract Manufacturing. These group sectors comprise 17 business areas in total. A group sector or business 
area is classified according to product requirements, market trends, customer groups and distribution channels.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
The former Autonomous Mobility and Safety and Vehicle Networking and Information business areas of the 
Automotive group sector were dissolved with effect from January 1, 2022. At the same time, five new business 
areas were created in the Automotive group sector. Their organizational structure is based on the business strategy 
of the group sector and thus on market developments in the context of the transformation of the mobility industry. 
Tires and ContiTech are now independent group sectors, the consolidation of the former business areas in the 
former Rubber Technologies group sector has been dissolved with effect from January 1, 2022. 
Following the spin-off of parts of the former Powertrain business area, Contract Manufacturing was created as both 
a new group sector and business area. 
Until and including the financial year ended December 31, 2021, the business areas represented the segments of 
Continental’s segment reporting under IFRS 8, Operating Segments. Starting with the financial year 2022, the new 
group sectors represent the segments in accordance with IFRS 8. 
Automotive 
The Automotive group sector (until January 1, 2022 divided into the Autonomous Mobility and Safety as well as 
the Vehicle Networking and Information business areas) comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, 
motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating 
technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is 
intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial 
vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and 
high-performance computers round off the range of products and services. The group sector is divided into five 
business areas: 
• Architecture and Networking 
• Autonomous Mobility 
• Safety and Motion 
• Smart Mobility 
• User Experience  
In the financial year ended December 31, 2021, the former Autonomous Mobility and Safety business area 
generated annual sales of EUR 7,496.7 million (pre-consolidation) (2020: EUR 7,559.8 million), while the former 
Vehicle Networking and Information business area generated annual sales of EUR 7,957.6 million (pre-
consolidation) (2020: EUR 7,942.2 million). 
Tires 
With its portfolio in the car, truck, bus, two-wheel and specialty tire segment, the product portfolio of the Tires 
group sector compromises innovative solutions in tire technology and intelligent products and services related to 
tires. For specialist dealers and fleet management, Tires offers digital tire monitoring and tire management systems, 
in addition to other services, with the aim of keeping fleets mobile and increasing their efficiency. In the financial 
year ended December 31, 2021, 21% of sales related to business with vehicle manufacturers, and 79% related to 
the replacement business. The group sector is divided into five business areas:  
• Original Equipment  
• Replacement, APAC (Asia and Pacific region)  
• Replacement, EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa)   
• Replacement, The Americas (North, Central and South America)   
• Specialty Tires 
In the financial year ended December 31, 2021, the former Tires business area generated annual sales of 
EUR 11,807.6 million (pre-consolidation) (2020: EUR 10,158.6 million).

--- Page 55 ---
55 
ContiTech 
The ContiTech group sector develops and manufactures, for example, cross-material, environmentally friendly and 
intelligent products and systems for the automotive industry, railway engineering, mining, agriculture and other 
key industries. Guided by the vision of “smart and sustainable solutions beyond rubber,” the group sector draws on 
its long-standing knowledge of the industry and materials to open up new business opportunities by combining 
various materials with electronic components and individual services. In the financial year ended December 31, 
2021, 48% of sales related to business with automotive manufacturers, and 52% to business with other industries 
and in the automotive replacement market. The group sector is divided into six business areas: 
• Advanced Dynamics Solutions 
• Conveying Solutions 
• Industrial Fluid Solutions  
• Mobile Fluid Systems  
• Power Transmission Group 
• Surface Solutions  
In the financial year ended December 31, 2021, the former ContiTech business area generated annual sales of 
EUR 5,912.6 million (pre-consolidation) (2020: EUR 5,578.6 million).  
Contract Manufacturing 
Following the spin-off of Vitesco Technologies, the Contract Manufacturing group sector has been introduced 
which comprises the contract manufacturing of products by Continental for Vitesco Technologies Group and 
therefore the continuing operations of the former Powertrain Technologies group sector. The contract 
manufacturing is not intended to be a permanent situation; rather, the operational separation of production between 
Continental and Vitesco Technologies will be promoted in the coming years, and the volume of contract 
manufacturing reduced. The group sector includes one business area: 
• Contract Manufacturing 
In the financial year ended December 31, 2021, the Contract Manufacturing business area generated annual sales of 
EUR 889.6 million (pre-consolidation) (2020: EUR 969.9 million).  
CORPORATE STRATEGY OF CONTINENTAL 
To capitalize on the opportunities arising from the transformation in the mobility industry, Continental adopted a 
re-aligned strategy in the financial year 2020. In 2021, the entire organizational structure and management 
processes were systematically realigned to this strategy, which is based on three cornerstones: 
• Strengthening operational performance 
• Differentiating the portfolio 
• Turning change into opportunity 
1. Strengthening operational performance:  
By strengthening the Group's operational performance, Continental aims to ensure its future viability and 
competitiveness. Continental is aligning its cost structure to global market conditions. Measures for this purpose 
were introduced in September 2019 and are part of the Group's Transformation 2019–2029 structural program. 
Continental aims to achieve gross savings of EUR 850 million annually from 2023 onward. The new strategy was 
implemented in 2020, and the organizational structure was aligned with it in 2021. 
The former Automotive Technologies group sector (which became the Automotive group sector from January 1, 
2022) now has an entirely new organizational structure. The five new business areas are responsible for the 
successful implementation of this strategy. They are each equipped with decision-making authority and possess the 
flexibility to adapt to market changes. They are supported by an overarching advanced engineering organization 
called Holistic Engineering and Technologies, or “he[a]t.” he[a]t operates in particular on projects across all 
strategic action fields, such as the development of high-performance computers. The former Rubber Technologies

--- Page 56 ---
56 
group sector has been dissolved, and Tires and ContiTech are now independent group sectors. This new structure 
eliminates an entire intermediate level, aimed at making Continental more streamlined, faster and more efficient. 
In connection with the semiconductor shortage, Continental has launched a task force with the aim of enabling the 
Group to better respond to fluctuations on the procurement markets. As a result, Continental has optimized its early 
warning systems and adapted its purchasing structure to the procurement networks. In addition, Continental is 
building up safety stocks in a targeted manner in order to more reliably bridge possible supply shortages. 
2. Differentiating the portfolio: 
Continental’s efforts to differentiate its product portfolio in a more targeted way are further progressing. The Group 
is concentrating on two key areas: “growth” and “value”. Continental’s focus on “growth” is aimed at establishing 
strong market positions in innovative fields featuring highly dynamic growth, while the focus on “value” addresses 
saturated markets with stable but low growth. 
In the Automotive, Tires and ContiTech group sectors, Continental’s focus on “growth” is centered around 
innovations for safe, connected and automated driving, which will be a critical factor in customers’ future 
purchasing decisions. Vehicles require technologies from Continental, such as tires, braking systems, hoses for 
thermal management, digital solutions and services, as well as high-performance computers – irrespective of the 
vehicle’s drive technology. 
Continental is purposefully entering into partnerships aiming to make the Group better and faster, in particular with 
smaller specialist firms and start-up companies. In the financial year 2021, for example, Continental invested in 
collaborations for assisted and autonomous driving. Funding that Continental does not contribute to partnerships is 
used to establish and develop the Group’s in-house expertise. 
When it comes to "value", Continental focuses on profitable product areas where Continental has solid competitive 
positions in markets with a high degree of maturity. These include, for example, display and control systems, 
surface materials and the European tire business. The aim here is to sustain profitability and generate sufficient 
funds to enable Continental to ensure competitive expansion geared to market and technology leadership in growth 
areas that are unable to fully finance their ambitious growth themselves yet. 
The portfolio strategy also includes possible acquisitions, divestments and partnerships. The business areas are 
regularly assessed to determine whether they are capable of creating the best possible value for Continental, and 
how their value can be maximized. The spin-off of Vitesco Technologies was completed in the financial year 2021 
as part of these efforts. 
3. Turning change into opportunity: 
Continental’s sustainability ambition comprises the four focus areas of carbon neutrality, emission-free mobility 
and industries, circular economy, and responsible value chain. It describes how, together with its partners, 
Continental seeks to shape the transformation in the relevant topic areas along the entire value chain by 2050 at the 
latest. Along with the corresponding guidelines, this sustainability ambition brings together the existing strategies, 
programs and processes, as well as their further development. The systematic expansion of Continental’s business 
in particular with zero-tailpipe-emission vehicles contributes significantly toward achieving the Group’s ambitions 
in the area of carbon neutrality and emission-free mobility and industries, as well as toward reducing greenhouse 
gas emissions in the mobility sector. As part of Continental’s global Net|Zero|Now program, the Group also offers 
its customers the neutralization of its business carbon backpack through negative emissions as of the financial year 
2022. The program focuses on business with zero-tailpipe-emission vehicles and thus promotes their expanded use. 
Continental’s new organizational structure is designed to help to seize market opportunities and translate them into 
profit even more quickly. Transparent structures and a high level of autonomy are aiming to make Continental 
more flexible in an increasingly complex market environment. 
In the Automotive group sector, Continental is focusing on the growing global demand for safer, connected and 
convenient mobility. This means, in particular, the development of non-differentiating software, which makes up 
around 60% of a vehicle’s software. Such software consists of programs that are not critical for the marketing of 
vehicles, but that are necessary to ensure their safe operation. It is crucial to achieve cost advantages through 
standardization and scaling in this area. 40% of a vehicle’s software relates to functions that make a visible 
difference, such as for automated driving or infotainment systems. 
Continental wants to further consolidate its position among the world’s top tire manufacturers, particularly in the 
growth markets of Asia and North America. In the passenger-car tire segment, Continental intends to expand its

--- Page 57 ---
57 
business with tires for electric mobility and ultra-high performance tires. The Group also see future growth in 
vehicle fleet management services. 
For the ContiTech group sector, the main opportunities are presented by the growing demand for digital and 
intelligent solutions. Business continues to be based on products and systems made from rubber, plastic, metal, 
textiles and electronic components which in the future Continental will be able to combine with customized and 
digital service offerings. 
SALES AND CUSTOMERS  
Most of Continental's products sold to automotive OEM customers are sold on a worldwide basis with Europe 
accounting for the largest portion. Continental's customers in the automotive industry are automotive OEMs, such 
as the Daimler Group, Ford, Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi, Stellantis and the Volkswagen Group, amongst others, 
which source centrally for delivery to their worldwide factories. In the financial year ended December 31, 2021, 
Continental generated 61% of its consolidated sales from the automotive industry (with the exception of the 
replacement business).  
In the former Autonomous Mobility and Safety1 business area, nearly 100% of the sales in 2021 related to business 
with automotive OEMs. In comparison, 88% of sales in the former Vehicle Networking and Information2 business 
area in 2021 were generated with automotive OEM customers, whereas the remaining 12% of sales were generated 
with non-automotive OEM customers relating to the aftermarket activities of the former Automotive Technologies 
group sector (which were concentrated in the former Vehicle Networking and Information business area). The 
Tires and ContiTech group sectors (in 2021, organized as business areas of the Rubber Technologies group sector) 
generate a much larger share of their sales with non-automotive OEM business, in particular in the replacement tire 
market, but also with key industries outside the automotive industry such as railway engineering, machine and 
plant construction as well as mining. In 2021, the sales mix within the former Tires and ContiTech business areas 
was as follows: in Tires, automotive OEM-related business accounted for 21% and the replacement business for 
79% of sales. Within ContiTech 48% of sales in 2021 related to business with automotive OEM and 52% to 
business with other industries and in the replacement market. In the Contract Manufacturing group sector, Vitesco 
Technologies Group constitutes the sole customer. 
Sales to automotive OEM customers are usually governed by the automotive OEMs' general terms and conditions, 
which are often drafted in favor of the automotive OEM. Typically, these terms and conditions provide for a 
unilateral right of the OEM to cancel projects at any time, do not include minimum order quantities of the 
automotive OEM and require Continental to participate in product liability and recall claims asserted against the 
automotive OEM in connection with products delivered by Continental. 
On the aftermarket, Continental sells its products to controlled distributors and independent aftermarket dealers. 
Spare parts are also sold to original equipment services after the end of series production of the vehicle 
manufacturer. 
RAW MATERIALS AND SUPPLIERS  
Natural rubber is an important single raw material for Continental, particularly for its Tires group sector. In 
addition, Continental's production requires metals, such as steel, aluminum and copper, which are purchased in a 
highly processed state, for example, as formed and machined parts. Continental is also dependent on various 
preliminary products, such as semiconductors and electromechanical and mechanical components, and on oil-based 
chemical products, such as synthetic rubber and carbon black. In 2021, the purchasing volume was approximately 
EUR 23.2 billion in total, EUR 15.7 billion of which was for production materials.  
In the Automotive group sector, Continental's top three suppliers are NXP Semiconductors N.V. (Eindhoven, The 
Netherlands), Texas Instruments Incorporated (Dallas, USA) and Renesas Electronics Corporation (Tokyo, Japan). 
In the Tires and ContiTech group sectors Continental purchases various types of natural rubber, primarily from 
Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia, as well as different synthetic rubbers. The top suppliers of the Tires and 
 
1  
The former Autonomous Mobility and Safety business area was dissolved with effect from January 1, 2022 (see “Organizational 
Structure”). 
2  
The former Vehicle Networking and Information business area was dissolved with effect from January 1, 2022 (see “Organizational 
Structure”)

--- Page 58 ---
58 
ContiTech group sectors include some of the large petrochemical companies with presence in different regions of 
the world.  
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
According to its own assessment, Continental is a technology leader in many fields. Continental conducts research 
and development (R&D) activities on a large scale, focusing on key growth technologies. Continental's expenses 
for R&D (net) amounted to EUR 2,586.8 million in 2021 and EUR 2,700.7 million in 2020. These amounts equal a 
percentage of 7.7% of sales in 2021 and 8.5% of sales in 2020, respectively. A large portion of these R&D 
expenses (net) are expensed within the former Automotive Technologies group sector and amounted to 
EUR 2,136.6 million in 2021 (13.9% of Automotive Technologies group sector sales). 
Continental is developing a software solution that allows vehicles to independently perform complex driving 
maneuvers. The Driving Planner demonstrates that automated driving is not reserved exclusively for premium 
vehicles with special equipment. The software determines precise decision-making alternatives from a wide range 
of sensor data in order to automatically master complex driving maneuvers on the highway or expressway. The 
Driving Planner can thereby calculate traffic situations several seconds in advance and use this information to 
derive the vehicle’s appropriate response. The Driving Planner can calculate driving maneuvers up to a speed of 
130 km/h. The development phase of the software system has been completed, and the technology is expected to be 
launched in 2024. 
ShyTech displays are an innovative and intelligent solution from Continental that help drivers keep an eye on 
important information at all times. As modern vehicles become more and more connected and automated, the 
amount of data they process and display continues to grow. In order to visualize this wealth of information, 
increasingly large screens are being installed in cars. However, not all messages are relevant in all situations, and 
excessive notifications can cause distraction and endanger driving safety. ShyTech innovations allow screens to be 
placed virtually anywhere in the vehicle interior. Continental plans to launch the ShyTech display in 2023. 
The Conti GreenConcept from Continental leverages both current and emerging technological approaches to the 
engineering of sustainable tires for passenger cars. The new concept tire is based on three levels: a particularly high 
proportion of traceable, renewable and recycled materials, a resource-saving, lightweight design and an extended 
service life thanks to a renewable tread. More than 50% of the materials used to make the Conti GreenConcept are 
renewable or recycled. In other words, they originate from closed-loop cycles, have no harmful effects on people or 
the environment, are responsibly sourced, and are carbon-neutral throughout the supply chain. The proportion of 
renewable raw materials amounts to 35%. The organic materials used include natural rubber from dandelions 
(Taraxagum), silicate from the ashes of rice husks, as well as vegetable oils and resins. In addition, the Conti 
GreenConcept is made from 17% recycled materials. Thanks to its lightweight design, the Conti GreenConcept is 
also up to 40% lighter than today’s standard tires. At the same time, the tire’s rolling resistance has been reduced. 
This means the vehicle consumes less energy, thus leading to a positive effect on the environment. Internal 
combustion vehicles therefore have a greater mileage and lower carbon emissions, while electric vehicles can cover 
an extended range. 
In its new AMBIENC3 concept vehicle – a converted VW microvan – Continental shows how driving, working 
and relaxing can be combined in a single space. “Third space” is the term used to describe the underlying concept, 
which brings together living and working areas within the vehicle. The AMBIENC3 features new surface solutions 
for the floor and ceiling, walls, seats, recliners, storage areas and the instrument panel, all of which are made from 
innovative and sustainable materials. These are either natural and renewable, or recycled and reclaimed. Good air 
quality inside the vehicle is ensured through low-emission, low-pollutant materials, while the lightweight surfaces 
also help to reduce vehicle weight. This lowers energy consumption and therefore CO2 emissions, and increases 
the range of electric vehicles. The cockpit does not contain any buttons or switches. Instead, thanks to shy 
technology, the functions are always intuitively at hand but not permanently displayed. Many of the functions 
integrated into the surface are invisible at first glance when in “off” mode. Further highlights in the concept vehicle 
include a light and sound concept that creates different moods, and heatable materials. Made using functional 
printing methods, these can generate heat in seconds. With solutions and surfaces that can be customized using 
digital printing techniques, automotive manufacturers will have numerous options when it comes to tailoring 
vehicles to their customers’ individual requirements. 
INVESTMENTS 
In the time period from December 31, 2021 to the date of this Prospectus, there were no material investments.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
COMPETITION  
Continental's key competitors in the automotive supply business (except tires) are worldwide active suppliers of 
electronic and/or mechanical components, such as Aptiv plc (Dublin, Ireland), Denso Corp. (Aichi, Japan), Robert 
Bosch GmbH (Stuttgart, Germany), Valeo Group S.A. (Paris, France), and ZF Friedrichshafen AG 
(Friedrichshafen, Germany). 
Additionally, Continental competes with a wide number of other companies in certain product areas, such as Aisin 
Seiki Co. Ltd. (Aichi, Japan), Autoliv Inc. (Stockholm, Sweden), Faurecia Group S.A. (Nanterre, France), Lear 
Corp. (Southfield, Michigan, USA), LG Electronics Inc. (Seoul, South Korea), Magna International Inc. (Aurora, 
Ontario, Canada), Samsung Electronics Ltd. (Suwon, South Korea), Veoneer Inc. (Stockholm, Sweden) and 
Visteon Corp. (Van Buren Township, Michigan, USA), all of which offer a product portfolio which comprises 
many different product groups.  
Continental's key competitors in the Tires group sector (both comprising the automotive OEM market and the 
aftermarket) are the world's major tire manufacturers, such as Bridgestone Corp. (Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan), 
Hankook Tire Co Ltd. (Seoul, South Korea), Michelin SCA (Clermont-Ferrand, France), Pirelli & C. S.p.A. 
(Milan, Italy), Sumitomo Rubber Group (Kobe, Japan), or The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. (Akron, Ohio, USA).  
Continental's ContiTech group sector competes against a wide number of companies in different product areas, 
such as Bridgestone Diversified Products (part of Bridgestone Corp. (Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan)), Fenner Group 
Holdings Ltd (Hessle, UK (part of Michelin SCA)), Gates Industrial Corp. plc (Denver, Colorado, USA), 
Hutchinson SA (Paris, France (part of Total SE), SKF AB (Gothenburg, Sweden), Cooper-Standard Holdings, Inc. 
(Northville, Michigan, USA) , Trelleborg AB (Trelleborg, Sweden) or TI Fluid Systems plc (Oxford, UK).  
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
Continental AG and its subsidiaries are involved in lawsuits, regulatory investigations and proceedings worldwide. 
Such lawsuits, investigations and proceedings could also be initiated or claims asserted in other ways in the future. 
There are, however, no nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuers are aware) in the twelve months preceding the date of this Prospectus, which 
may have had or have had a material effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuers other than the 
following cases: 
Product liability 
Continental is constantly subject to product liability and other claims in which Continental is accused of the alleged 
infringement of its duty of care, violations against warranty obligations or defects of material or workmanship. 
Claims from alleged breaches of contract resulting from product recalls or government proceedings are also 
asserted. Among other cases, claimants in the USA file lawsuits for property damage, personal injury, and death 
caused by alleged defects in Continental’s products. Claims for material and non-material damages, and in some 
cases punitive damages, are being asserted. The outcome of individual proceedings, which are generally decided by 
a jury in a court of first instance, cannot be predicted with certainty. No assurance can be given that Continental 
will not incur substantial expenses as a result of the final judgments or settlements in some of these cases, or that 
these amounts will not exceed any provisions set up for these claims. Some subsidiaries in the USA are exposed to 
relatively limited claims for damages from purported health injuries allegedly caused by products containing 
asbestos. The total costs for dealing with all such claims and proceedings have amounted to less than EUR 50 
million per year since 2006. 
Regulatory proceedings 
In May 2005, the Brazilian competition authorities opened investigations against Continental's Brazilian subsidiary 
Continental Brasil Indústria Automotiva Ltda., Guarulhos, Brazil (CBIA) following a complaint of anticompetitive 
behavior in the area of commercialization of tachographs. On August 18, 2010, the Brazilian antitrust authorities 
determined an "invitation to cartel" and imposed a fine of BRL 12 million (around EUR 1.9 million as of 
December 31, 2021) on CBIA, which was then reduced to BRL 10.8 million (around EUR 1.7 million as of 
December 31, 2021). CBIA denies the accusation that it has infringed Brazilian antitrust law. Although the court of 
first instance appealed to by CBIA upheld the decision on CBIA's further appeal, the next higher court annulled 
this decision and remanded the matter. In case an infringement of Brazilian antitrust law is found, third parties 
may, in addition, claim damages from CBIA.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
On October 2, 2006, South African antitrust authorities received a complaint from a third party accusing several 
South African tire manufacturers of alleged antitrust behavior – including Continental Tyre South Africa (Pty.) 
Ltd., Port Elizabeth, South Africa (CTSA), a subsidiary of Continental AG. On August 31, 2010, the South African 
antitrust authorities came to the conclusion that CTSA had violated South African antitrust law and referred the 
matter to the responsible antitrust court for a decision. CTSA denies the allegation of infringements of South 
African antitrust law. However, the tribunal could impose a fine of up to 10% of CTSA’s annual sales. In addition, 
third parties may also claim damages from CTSA in the case of an infringement of South African competition law. 
As a result of investigations by the US Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Korea Fair Trade Commission 
(KFTC) in connection with the suspected involvement in violations of US and South Korean antitrust law in the 
instrument cluster business, which came to light in 2012, the KFTC imposed a fine on Continental Automotive 
Electronics LLC, Bugang-myeon, South Korea (CAE), at the end of 2013, the final amount of which was set in 
2018 at KRW 32,101 million (around EUR 23.8 million as of December 31, 2021). In the USA, CAE and 
Continental Automotive Korea Ltd., Seongnam-si, South Korea, agreed to pay a fine of USD 4.0 million 
(approximately EUR 3.5 million as of December 31, 2021) in 2015. In the proceedings relating to class action 
lawsuits filed in the USA and Canada for alleged damages resulting from the antitrust violations, settlements 
totaling USD 5.0 million (around EUR 4.4 million as of December 31, 2021) were concluded in the USA in 2018 
and CAD 0.6 million (around EUR 0.4 million as of December 31, 2021) in Canada in 2020. The risk of 
investigations into this matter by other antitrust authorities and claims for damages by further alleged victims 
remains unaffected by the fines imposed.  
As a result of investigations that came to light in 2014, the European Commission imposed a fine of EUR 44.0 
million on Continental AG, Continental Teves AG & Co. oHG, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, and Continental 
Automotive GmbH, Hanover, Germany, on February 21, 2018, for the unlawful exchange of information. This 
involved specific brake components. Continental has set aside provisions that cover this fine. Customers have since 
approached Continental to claim for damages, in some cases for specific amounts. In addition, two class action 
lawsuits have been filed in Canada against Continental AG and several of its subsidiaries. Continental has rejected 
these claims as being without merit. Nevertheless, it cannot be ruled out that the resulting expenses will exceed the 
provisions that have been set aside for this purpose. 
On March 3, 2021, the Brazilian competition authority (CADE), acting on the basis of the issues addressed by the 
European Commission and described above, formally initiated proceedings against Continental Teves AG & Co 
oHG, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, and certain former employees for alleged unlawful exchange of competition-
sensitive information concerning hydraulic brake systems. The proceedings against Continental are still at an early 
stage. As of the date of this Prospectus, the outcome of the proceedings is uncertain. If Continental is found 
responsible for any violation, CADE could impose a fine on Continental AG of 0.1% to 20% of its revenue or that 
of the Continental Group in Brazil in the year prior to when the administrative proceedings were launched (2020). 
Non-pecuniary penalties may also be possible. Furthermore, customers allegedly affected by the alleged exchange 
of information could claim for damages if indeed a violation of Brazilian antitrust law is established. 
The public prosecutor’s office in Hanover is conducting investigative proceedings against current and former 
employees as well as former board members of Continental AG suspected of committing criminal acts in 
connection with the development and use of illegal defeat devices in VW diesel engines as well as in connection 
with Continental AG’s subsequent investigation of these actions, and as part of these proceedings has conducted 
multiple searches at locations of Continental AG and individual companies of the Continental Group. Continental 
AG and individual companies of the Continental Group are ancillary parties to these proceedings. The 
investigations concern activities of the former Powertrain business area that were transferred within the scope of 
the spin-off to Vitesco Technologies Group. 
In addition, the public prosecutor’s office in Frankfurt am Main, in connection with conducting administrative 
offense proceedings concerning illegal defeat devices in diesel engines of an international automotive manufacturer 
– proceedings which have meanwhile been legally concluded against this automotive manufacturer with payment 
of a fine – is conducting separate administrative offense proceedings against Continental AG on suspicion of 
breach of supervisory duties. The public prosecutor’s office in Frankfurt am Main is also conducting separate 
investigative proceedings against two former employees of Continental AG for suspected criminal acts carried out 
in connection with this matter. 
Both the investigations by the public prosecutor’s office and the Continental AG’s internal investigation into the 
matters covered by these proceedings, which involve considerable costs and effort, are ongoing. Continental AG 
and the companies of the Continental Group are cooperating fully with the public prosecutor’s offices in Hanover

--- Page 61 ---
61 
and Frankfurt am Main. There is a risk that fines will be imposed as a result of the investigations. The amount of 
such fines, which could comprise a levy and a penalty component, is currently unknown but collectively could be 
significant. Furthermore, the risk of damage to Continental AG’s reputation cannot be ruled out. 
To cover risks and costs arising from the proceedings conducted by the public prosecutor’s offices in Hanover and 
Frankfurt am Main, a provision amounting to a high eight-figure sum has been set aside. 
In the event that fines or other measures are imposed on Continental AG and/or individual companies of the 
Continental Group that concern the transferred business, Vitesco Technologies is obligated on the basis of and in 
accordance with contractual provisions arising in particular from the corporate separation agreement concluded in 
the context of the spin-off to indemnify Continental AG and any individual companies of the Continental Group 
against the ensuing costs and liabilities. This is consistent with the agreement between the parties that all 
opportunities as well as all risks arising from the transferred business shall pass to Vitesco Technologies and the 
companies of Vitesco Technologies Group. 
In view of the scope of these national and international investigations against automotive manufacturers and 
suppliers, further proceedings by public authorities, civil legal proceedings, and claims by third parties along with 
the related financial risks cannot be ruled out. 
Patents 
Continental supplies telecommunication modules that transmit vehicle data, enable voice and internet functionality, 
and are compatible with cellular communication standards, especially in the field of telecommunication standards 
such as 3G, 4G and/or 5G. Such standards are covered by patents (standard essential patents, SEP) which have to 
be licensed by the SEP owners on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory (FRAND) terms and conditions. Who in 
the supply chain is entitled to a direct license and what constitutes a FRAND royalty rate are the subject of various 
ongoing proceedings: Continental has submitted a complaint against Nokia to the European Commission, has filed 
a lawsuit against licensing pool Avanci and some of its members in the US and has intervened in lawsuits filed 
against Daimler in Germany by SEP holders such as Nokia. In this respect, there is a risk that Continental or its 
suppliers may be denied their own direct license to use the SEPs, that Continental may become dependent on 
licenses and the conditions under which they are granted to customers, or that a royalty rate will be imposed on 
Continental which is higher than what Continental believes is FRAND. Even if only Continental’s customers were 
granted a direct license for such SEPs, there is a risk that Continental would have to indemnify its customers for 
parts or all of the licensing costs relating to products sold by Continental in the past and future, and also that 
Continental cannot pass some or all of this indemnification obligation on to its suppliers. The licensing costs could 
be material, irrespective of whether Continental or its customers receive the direct license. 
INSURANCE COVERAGE 
Continental has taken out several insurance policies including global insurance programs for liability insurance 
(including general-, product and environmental liability) and property and business interruption insurance. The 
levels of insurance are considered to be appropriate and economically reasonable, but could prove insufficient in 
individual cases. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Joint Procurement Cooperation Agreement  
On March 27, 2009, Continental AG entered into a Joint Procurement Cooperation Agreement with Schaeffler 
Holding GmbH & Co. KG to improve purchasing conditions and creating a stronger supplier network for both 
parties, in particular by creating better access to the steel markets and component suppliers. With effect as from 
February 1, 2010, Schaeffler Holding GmbH & Co. KG has, as a result of a series of corporate reorganizations 
within the Schaeffler Group, been replaced by Schaeffler Technologies GmbH & Co. KG as a party to the Joint 
Procurement Cooperation Agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, Continental AG and Schaeffler Technologies 
GmbH & Co. KG will act as independent entities but try to create synergies through worldwide purchasing 
cooperation. The goal of the agreement is to strengthen the market and negotiation position of each party by 
cumulating their purchasing volumes, to jointly negotiate lower purchasing prices and to achieve advantageous 
conditions for the parties including a better-quality performance of suppliers, which shall lead to a higher level of 
competitiveness and lower prices of the parties' products. The parties shall determine products which shall be 
mutually sourced from suppliers and shall mutually determine suppliers. However, the actual purchase of the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
products is conducted by each party on its own behalf and for its own account. The agreements with the suppliers 
shall entitle, yet not obligate each party and its subsidiaries to purchase at the terms and conditions of such 
agreements. For the purpose of cooperation, the parties stipulate to exchange information including (i) the parties' 
needs for the products, (ii) lists of selected and qualified suppliers, (iii) current prices and frame contracts, 
(iv) evaluation of suppliers and (v) purchasing and supplier strategy implementation. The agreement had been 
initially in force until March 27, 2010 and was automatically renewed until March 27, 2017. It shall be 
automatically renewed for consecutive twelve months periods unless one party gives written notice of its intention 
not to renew at least 90 days prior to the end of the original period or a renewal period. It is currently in force until 
March 27, 2023. 
Agreement with Michelin 
On April 13, 1995, Continental AG entered into an agreement with Michelin, which provides, inter alia, for the 
formation of a jointly owned company and certain agreements between the parties relating to their cooperation as 
shareholders of the company, and which was subsequently amended by five amendments dated September 29, 
1995, October 23, 1995, December 12, 1995, July 31, 1996, and September 28, 2000 (the agreement, as amended, 
the JV Agreement). Pursuant to the JV Agreement, Continental and Michelin founded MC Projects B.V. 
(Maastricht, The Netherlands), each owning 50%. Michelin contributed the rights to the Uniroyal brand for Europe 
as well as for certain countries outside Europe. On August 31, 1996, Continental and MC Projects B.V. entered 
into a trademark license agreement (License Agreement) whereby MC Projects B.V. licensed to Continental 
certain rights to use the Uniroyal brand on or in connection with tires in Europe and elsewhere. Under the terms of 
the JV Agreement, both the JV Agreement and the License Agreement can be terminated if a major competitor in 
the tire business acquires more than 50% of the voting rights of Continental AG or of its tire business. Furthermore, 
in this case Michelin also has the right to acquire a majority in or all of MC Projects B.V. and to have MC Projects 
B.V. increase its minority stake in the manufacturing company of Barum Continental spol. s.r.o. (Otrokovice, 
Czech Republic), being one of Continental's largest plant in Europe, to 51%. 
Share Purchase and Transfer Agreement with Continental Pension Trust e.V. 
On August 19, 2009, Continental AG, ContiTech Universe Verwaltungs-GmbH (a 100% subsidiary of 
Continental AG, ContiTech Universe), ContiTech AG and Continental Pension Trust e.V. (the trustee of 
contractual trust arrangements (CTA) relating to Continental AG, Continental Reifen Deutschland GmbH and 
Continental Teves AG & Co. oHG or Continental Pension) entered into a share purchase and transfer agreement 
(Aktienkauf- und Übertragungsvertrag) (the ContiTech SPA) concerning the sale and transfer of 22,148,273 shares 
(representing 24.9% in the capital of ContiTech AG) by ContiTech Universe to Continental Pension against 
payment of a purchase price of EUR 475.6 million. Under the terms of the ContiTech SPA, ContiTech Universe 
gave a number of guarantees to Continental Pension with respect to the corporate structure of ContiTech group, the 
ownership of the ContiTech AG shares sold, as well as certain legal, business and financial issues relating to the 
business of ContiTech group. 
Furthermore, the terms of the ContiTech SPA provide for a put option for the benefit of Continental Pension, under 
which Continental Pension may put its shares in ContiTech AG (in whole or in part) to ContiTech Universe if 
(i) Continental Pension needs the proceeds from such resale in order to generate liquidity that is needed to fulfill its 
obligations under the CTA, (ii) the value of the shares in ContiTech AG or the overall economic situation at 
ContiTech AG, ContiTech Universe or Continental AG is threatened to materially deteriorate or (iii) ContiTech 
Universe or Continental AG violate the covenants contained in the ContiTech SPA regarding the future corporate 
governance at ContiTech AG (the Put Option Circumstances). The payment price payable by ContiTech Universe 
to Continental Pension upon exercise of the put option shall be mutually agreed upon between these parties. If no 
agreement can be reached, ContiTech Universe must pay a minimum purchase price of EUR 475.6 million (or a 
proportionate part thereof) plus any due but unpaid dividends under the management and profit and loss transfer 
agreement (Beherrschungs- und Gewinnabführungsvertrag) between ContiTech Universe and ContiTech AG 
(Minimum Purchase Price). Alternatively, if Continental Pension intends to exercise the put option on the basis of 
a material deterioration of the value of the shares in ContiTech AG or the overall economic situation at 
ContiTech AG, ContiTech Universe or Continental AG, ContiTech Universe may choose not to accept the shares 
put to it but (instead) to provide Continental Pension with sufficient collateral to cover its claims under the 
ContiTech SPA, at least in the amount of the Minimum Purchase Price.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
The ContiTech SPA contains a number of specific provisions concerning the sale and transfer of shares in 
ContiTech AG, including but not limited to: 
• 
In case ContiTech Universe intends to transfer its shares (in whole or in part) to a third party, Continental 
Pension may transfer its shares in ContiTech AG alongside ContiTech Universe to such third party ("tag-
along right"). 
• 
Generally, Continental Pension may sell and transfer the shares in ContiTech AG acquired by it under the 
ContiTech SPA only with the prior approval of ContiTech Universe to a third party. However, if a Put 
Option Circumstance has occurred, Continental Pension may sell and transfer its shares in ContiTech AG 
to a third party without ContiTech Universe's approval. 
• 
In case either ContiTech Universe or Continental AG files for insolvency or if Continental Pension 
exercises its put option right and ContiTech Universe does not or cannot pay the Minimum Purchase Price 
as it falls due, Continental Pension can demand ContiTech Universe to sell parts or all of its shares in 
ContiTech AG alongside its own shares in ContiTech AG to a third party ("drag-along right"). 
• 
ContiTech Universe has a call option vis-à-vis Continental Pension under which it can repurchase the 
shares held by Continental Pension in ContiTech AG against payment of a mutually agreed purchase price 
or if no agreement can be reached) the Minimum Purchase Price. 
• 
In case Continental Pension Trust e.V. intends to sell its shares in ContiTech AG to a third party, 
ContiTech Universe has a right of first refusal. 
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS 
Syndicated Facility Agreement  
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a syndicated facility agreement, certain financial institutions are currently 
making available to certain entities of the Continental Group (including the Issuers) a EUR 4.0 billion revolving 
credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility), which is guaranteed by Continental AG and maturing in December 
2026, and which had not been utilized as at December 31, 2021. The Revolving Credit Facility includes a dual-
currency swingline facility forming part and operating as a sublimit of the Revolving Credit Facility to be used for 
liquidity backup purposes.  
Certain prepayment events apply to the loan made available under the Revolving Credit Facility, including the 
occurrence of a change-of-control-event. Additionally, Continental has the obligation to provide certain financial 
information and other information regarding its own and its relevant subsidiaries' financial condition to the lenders. 
The loan made available under the Revolving Credit Facility may be accelerated by the lenders in case an event of 
default (including, but not limited to, a cross default and any event or circumstance reasonably likely to have a 
material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Continental Group) has occurred and is 
continuing. 
Existing Notes  
Under the Programme, the following series of notes are outstanding at the date of this Prospectus: 
• 
EUR 500.0 million 0.00% fixed-rate notes issued by Continental AG and due on September 12, 2023; 
• 
EUR 750.0 million 2.125% fixed-rate notes issued by Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. and due on 
November 27, 2023; 
• 
EUR 625.0 million 1.125% fixed-rate notes issued by Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. and due on 
September 25, 2024; 
• 
EUR 100.0 million 0.231% fixed-rate notes issued by Continental AG and due on October 16, 2024; 
• 
EUR 600.0 million 0.375% fixed-rate notes issued by Continental AG and due on June 27, 2025; and  
• 
EUR 750.0 million 2.500% fixed-rate notes issued by Continental AG and due on August 27, 2026. 
The notes described herein contain negative pledge clauses and change-of-control provisions.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Revolving Sale of Receivables  
As of December 31, 2021, three programs for the sale of receivables with a total financing volume of EUR 400.0 
million (December 31, 2020: EUR 400.0 million) were in place within the Continental Group. Utilization of these 
programs totaled EUR 286.8 million as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: EUR 296.0 million).  
Commercial Paper Programmes 
On July 16, 2020, Continental AG completed the update of its commercial paper programme (the Commercial 
Paper Programme) in order to comply with the market convention for Short-Term European Paper (STEP). The 
Commercial Paper Programme allows Continental AG to issue notes in euro or in other currencies with a term of 
less than one year up to an aggregate principal amount of EUR 1.5 billion (or the equivalent in other currencies) on 
a regular basis. As at December 31, 2021, no notes were outstanding under the Commercial Paper Programme. 
On September 28, 2018, Continental Rubber of America, Corp. completed the establishment of its new commercial 
paper programme (the US Commercial Paper Programme), unconditionally guaranteed by Continental AG. The 
US Commercial Paper Programme allows Continental Rubber of America, Corp. to issue notes in USD with a term 
of up to 270 days up to an aggregate principal amount of USD 500 million on a regular basis. As at December 31, 
2021, no notes were outstanding under the US Commercial Paper Programme. 
Promissory Note Bank Loan (Schuldscheindarlehen) 
In April 2019, Continental AG issued four promissory note bank loans with due dates in 2022 and 2024. After 
repayment of the two promissory note bank loans due in 2022, the following promissory note bank loans are still 
outstanding: 
 
 
5 years FIX 
5 years VAR 
Nominal Value 
EUR 
178 million 
58 million 
Maturity Date 
April 30, 2024 
April 30, 2024 
Repayment Date 
April 30, 2024 
April 30, 2024 
Interest Rate Type 
Fixed Rate 
Floating Rate 
Coupon 
0.828% 
6M-EURIBOR + 0.750% 
Bilateral Loan Agreements  
In addition to the financing instruments above, Continental AG and certain of its subsidiaries have entered into 
approximately 85 bilateral loan agreements with certain banks or other financial institutions in an aggregate 
principal amount of EUR 2,976.0 million as at December 31, 2021, of which an aggregate principal amount of 
EUR 2,078.3 million was outstanding as at December 31, 2021. 
On April 9, 2020, Continental AG concluded a loan in the amount of EUR 95 million with the German Credit 
Institute for Reconstruction (Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau) to finance the construction of a new corporate 
headquarter. As of June 26, 2020, the total loan amount had been drawn by Continental AG. The repayment of the 
loan has started as scheduled on March 31, 2022, and the loan will continue to be repaid in quarterly installments, 
with a final maturity date on December 30, 2029. 
Expected Financing of the Issuers’ activities 
Cost-effective, adequate financing is necessary for the subsidiaries’ operating business. Various marketable 
financial instruments are used to meet the financial requirements. These comprise overnight money, term 
borrowing, the issue of commercial paper, sale-of-receivables programs, the Revolving Credit Facility and other 
bilateral loans. Furthermore, gross indebtedness is financed on the capital market in the form of long-term bonds. 
Capital expenditure by subsidiaries is primarily financed through equity and loans from banks or subsidiaries. 
There are also cash-pooling arrangements with subsidiaries to the extent they are possible and justifiable in the 
relevant legal and tax situation. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
Sustainability is firmly anchored in Continental’s corporate strategy.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
In the financial year 2020, Continental adopted a sustainability ambition with the aim of advancing the Group’s 
transformation process in the area of sustainability. Continental is committed to its ambitions in the following four 
focus areas: “Carbon neutrality”, “Emission-free mobility and industries”, “Circular economy” as well as 
“Responsible value chain”. Continental intends to achieve these ambitions by 2050 at the latest together with its 
partners along the value chain. For the Automotive, Tires and ContiTech group sectors, detailed roadmaps for the 
implementation of sustainability ambitions in the relevant focus areas are currently being drawn up in stages. 
The backbone of Continental's sustainability management are eight sustainability essentials which complement the 
four key ambitions: Good Working Conditions, Green and Safe Factories, Innovations and Digitalization, 
Benchmark in Quality, Safe Mobility, Long-term Value Creation, Sustainable Management Practice and Corporate 
Citizenship. 
Ultimate responsibility for sustainability lies with the Executive Board member for Group Human Relations and 
Group Sustainability, under whose supervision the Group Sustainability group function is responsible for 
sustainability management in the Continental Group. The sustainability organization is further supplemented by 
sustainability functions in the group sectors as well as coordinators in several business areas and countries. 
The Group Sustainability Steering Committee is responsible for assessing interdepartmental issues, weighing up 
risks and opportunities and discussing relevant Executive Board decisions in advance. In the financial year 2021, it 
consisted of three members of the Executive Board (chairman of the Executive Board, Group Sustainability, Group 
Finance and Controlling) as well as the heads of the sustainability functions at corporate level and group sector 
level and the heads of other relevant group functions. The committee is chaired by the Executive Board member for 
Group Sustainability and managed by the head of the Group Sustainability group function. Some of the group 
sectors have their own interdepartmental sustainability committees, which are coordinated by the relevant 
sustainability functions. 
Details on Continental’s sustainability framework (e.g. performance targets, key performance indicators) will be 
published on Continental AG’s website (www.continental.com) once available. 
RECENT EVENTS AND OUTLOOK 
Recent Events 
Following the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, several nations, international organizations as well as the EU have 
condemned the Russian actions and have resolved on further and stricter sanctions and export controls imposed on 
Russia, Belarus, certain Ukrainian regions and certain Russian companies and individuals as well as other measures 
(including military decisions). Russia has already announced and resolved on similar retaliations measures against 
jurisdictions, such as the U.S., the UK and members of the EU, that have previously imposed sanctions against 
Russia and affiliates. 
Continental has around 1,300 employees in Russia and operates a plant in Kaluga as well as selling agencies and 
offices in Moscow. Following the beginning of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Continental announced on March 8, 
2022 that it had suspended the production at its plant in Kaluga. Meanwhile, Continental has temporarily resumed 
the production at its plant in Kaluga in order to protect local employees who could otherwise face criminal charges 
in Russia. The production at Continental’s plant in Kaluga has been significantly reduced and is currently only 
aimed at serving local demand. Continental also produced tachographs for the Russian market in a joint venture 
with the company Mettem in Chistopol. The local activities of the joint venture have been suspended. Furthermore, 
Continental has suspended imports and exports of its products to and from Russia on a group-wide level. The 
Russian war against Ukraine has already resulted in a deficit of certain raw materials such as carbon black as well 
as spare parts and components and amplifies the ongoing in-balance of supply and demand of the automotive 
industry, as the supply side is already strained from the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Other 
There have been no other relevant recent events particular to Continental AG which are to a material extent 
relevant to the evaluation of Continental AG's solvency since December 31, 2021. 
Outlook 
Notwithstanding the Russian war against Ukraine, Continental expects for 2022 a recovery in the production of 
passenger cars and light commercial vehicles. Continental expects global production of passenger cars and light 
commercial vehicles to increase by between 4% and 6% year-on-year in 2022.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
However, negative effects from cost inflation for key input materials, especially for oil-based raw materials as well 
as for energy and logistics for the Tires and ContiTech group sectors are becoming significantly more material. 
Significantly higher costs for the procurement of materials, energy and logistics are likely to weigh heavily on 
Continental’s earnings position in the financial year 2022.  
In the event the geopolitical situation, in particular in Eastern Europe, and related sanctions and export controls, 
remains tense or worsens, it could result in further lasting consequences for production, supply chains and demand. 
In addition, further negative effects could arise as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the related 
disruption of supply chains, particularly for semiconductors, specifically due to lockdowns, work stoppages in and 
disrupted freight transport from China. Depending on the severity of the disruption, this may result in lower sales 
in all group sectors as well as for the Continental Group compared to 2021.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are set forth below for two options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches with fixed interest rates. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches with floating interest rates. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further options, which are characterised 
accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out in 
square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
[In case the options applicable to an individual issue are to be determined by referring in the Final Terms to 
the relevant options contained in the set of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II: 
The provisions of these terms and conditions (the Terms and Conditions) apply to the Notes as completed by the 
terms of the final terms which are attached hereto (the Final Terms). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in 
the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text 
set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge at the principal 
office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the 
relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders of such Notes.]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates 
 
§ 1  
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the Notes) of [Continental AG][Conti-Gummi Finance 
B.V.][Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] ([Continental AG][CGF][CRoA] or the Issuer) is being issued 
in [Specified Currency] (also referred to as [symbol of Specified Currency]) (the Specified Currency) in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the Global Note is a New Global Note (NGN) the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in 
words]) in the denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination) on [Issue Date] (the 
Issue Date).  
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note 
or the Global Note) without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two authorized 
signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary Global Note) without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note and together with the Temporary 
Global Note, the Global Notes) without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date not earlier than 
40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification 
shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange 
such Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the USA.] 
(4) Clearing System. Each Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. Clearing System means 
[if more than one Clearing System, the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)][,][and] [Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg (CBL)] [and] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear)] [(CBL and Euroclear each an ICSD and together the ICSDs)]. [if clearing through 
CBF, the following applies: The Notes shall be transferable by appropriate entries in securities accounts in 
accordance with applicable rules of CBF (Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn) and, outside of the Federal 
Republic of Germany, of Clearstream Banking, S.A. (42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) as operator of 
the Euroclear System and any successor in such capacity.]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
[In case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a NGN, the following applies: 
The Notes are issued in new global note (NGN) form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, 
a statement issued by a ICSD stating the principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate amount 
of such instalment so paid. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, the following applies: 
The Notes are issued in classical global note (CGN) form and are kept in custody by a common depositary on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. Holder means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or right 
in the Notes. 
§ 2  
STATUS [In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: ; GUARANTEE] 
[(1) Status.] The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
[In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
(2) Guarantee. Continental AG (the Guarantor or Continental AG) has given an unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee (the Guarantee) for the due and punctual payment of principal of, and interest on, and any other 
amounts payable under any Notes. The Guarantee constitutes a contract for the benefit of the Holders from 
time to time as third party beneficiaries in accordance with § 328 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch), giving rise to the right of each Holder to require performance of the Guarantee 
directly from the Guarantor and to enforce the Guarantee directly against the Guarantor. Copies of the 
Guarantee may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.]  
§ 3  
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
[(1) Negative Pledge of the Issuer.] The Issuer undertakes, so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, but only up 
to the time all amounts of principal and interest payable in accordance with these Terms and Conditions have 
been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to create or permit to subsist [in case of Notes issued by 
Continental AG the following applies: and to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its 
Significant Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist,] any security interest in rem (dingliche Sicherheit) 
over all or part of its present or future assets to secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness (including any 
guarantees and indemnities given in respect thereof) without at the same time having the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such security interest in rem in substantially identical terms thereto. 
This undertaking shall not apply with respect to

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(i) security provided by any member of the Continental Group over any claims of such member against any 
other member of the Continental Group or any third party, which claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any securities, provided that 
any such security serves to secure obligations under such securities,  
(ii) security existing on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof by a member of the Continental Group or 
over assets of a newly acquired company which becomes a member of the Continental Group,  
(iii) security existing on the Issue Date of the Notes,  
(iv) security which is mandatory pursuant to applicable laws (or by agreement having the same effect) or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any governmental approvals,  
(v) security provided in connection with any issuance of asset backed securities by the Issuer or by any of its 
Subsidiaries,  
(vi) security provided in respect of any issuance of asset backed securities made by a special purpose vehicle 
where the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is the originator of the underlying assets,  
(vii) security provided in respect of any financing of any project or asset, provided that the assets on which the 
security is created are (A) the assets which are used or to be used in or in connection with the project to which 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness relates or (B) revenues or claims which arise from the use, operation, 
failure to meet specifications, exploitation, sale, or loss of or damage to, such assets and provided further that 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness is not directly or indirectly the subject of any guarantee, indemnity or other 
form of assurance, undertaking or support from any other member of the Continental Group,  
(viii) the renewal, extension or replacement of any security pursuant to foregoing (i) through (vii) and,  
(ix) any security securing Capital Markets Indebtedness the principal amount of which (when aggregated with 
the principal amount of any other Capital Markets Indebtedness which has the benefit of a security other than 
any permitted under the sub-paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does not exceed EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies at any time). 
Capital Markets Indebtedness means any obligation (i) of Continental AG or (ii) of a Subsidiary and 
guaranteed by Continental AG for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, or represented by, 
either (x) a certificate of indebtedness governed by German law (Schuldscheindarlehen), or by (y) bonds, notes 
or other securities which are, or are capable of being, listed, dealt in, or traded on a stock exchange or other 
recognized securities market. 
Continental Group means Continental AG and any Subsidiary of Continental AG and excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, associated companies and corporations consolidated at equity. 
Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, 
joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision 
thereof. 
[In case of Notes issued by Continental AG the following applies: 
Significant Subsidiary means any consolidated Subsidiary of Continental AG (i) whose turnover exceeds 5% 
of the consolidated turnover of Continental AG as determined on the basis of the data included in the most 
recent audited or, in case of half-yearly financial statements, unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
Continental AG and in the most recent audited (if available) or (if not available) unaudited unconsolidated 
financial statements of such consolidated Subsidiary, or (ii) whose total assets exceed 5% of the consolidated 
total assets of Continental AG as determined on the basis of the data included in the most recent audited or, in 
case of half-yearly financial statements, unaudited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG and the 
most recent audited (if available) or (if not available) unaudited unconsolidated financial statements of such 
consolidated Subsidiary. In the case that, irrespective of the foregoing, a report by Continental AG’s auditors 
determines that a consolidated Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at a specified date a Significant 
Subsidiary, this determination shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.] 
Subsidiary means in relation to any company, partnership or corporation, a company, partnership or 
corporation:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(a) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company, partnership or corporation; 
or 
(b) more than 50% of the voting issued share capital (or similar right ownership) of which is beneficially 
owned, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company, partnership or corporation; or 
(c) which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company, partnership or 
corporation, 
and, for the purpose of determining whether a company, partnership or corporation is a direct or indirect 
Subsidiary of Continental AG only, which has to be consolidated in the consolidated financial statements of 
the Continental Group under IFRS (excluding, for clarification purposes, an associated company or 
corporation consolidated at equity). If the shares in Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft, or any 
successor thereof become listed on a regulated market of a stock exchange in the European Union, this 
definition of Subsidiaries shall exclude Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft, and, in each case, its 
Subsidiaries. 
For the purpose of this definition, a company, partnership or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by 
another if that other company, partnership or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the 
composition of its board of directors or equivalent body whether through the ownership of voting capital, by 
contract or otherwise. For the purposes of determining whether an entity is a Subsidiary of Continental AG, an 
entity shall not be treated as being controlled directly or indirectly by Continental AG if Continental AG can 
only direct the management and policies of such entity directly or indirectly jointly with another Person (which 
is not a member of the Continental Group) and such entity would not be fully consolidated in the consolidated 
financial statements of Continental AG in accordance with IFRS if at the relevant point of time such 
consolidated financial statements would be drawn up. IFRS means the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as published by the International Accounting Standards Board, as in effect from time to time. 
[In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
(2) Negative Pledge of Guarantor. The Guarantor has undertaken in the Guarantee, so long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest payable in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to create or permit to subsist 
and to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its Significant Subsidiaries will create or permit 
to subsist, any security interest in rem (dingliche Sicherheit) over all or part of its present or future assets to 
secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness (including any guarantees and indemnities given in respect thereof) 
without at the same time having the Holders share equally and rateably in such security interest in rem in 
substantially identical terms thereto. 
This undertaking shall not apply with respect to  
(i) security provided by any member of the Continental Group over any claims of such member against any 
other member of the Continental Group or any third party, which claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any securities, provided that 
any such security serves to secure obligations under such securities,  
(ii) security existing on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof by a member of the Continental Group or 
over assets of a newly acquired company which becomes a member of the Continental Group,  
(iii) security existing on the Issue Date of the Notes,  
(iv) security which is mandatory pursuant to applicable laws (or by agreement having the same effect) or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any governmental approvals,  
(v) security provided in connection with any issuance of asset backed securities by the Guarantor or by any of 
its Subsidiaries,  
(vi) security provided in respect of any issuance of asset backed securities made by a special purpose vehicle 
where the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is the originator of the underlying assets,  
(vii) security provided in respect of any financing of any project or asset, provided that the assets on which the 
security is created are (A) the assets which are used or to be used in or in connection with the project to which 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness relates or (B) revenues or claims which arise from the use, operation, 
failure to meet specifications, exploitation, sale, or loss of or damage to, such assets and provided further that

--- Page 72 ---
72 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness is not directly or indirectly the subject of any guarantee, indemnity or other 
form of assurance, undertaking or support from any other member of the Continental Group,  
(viii) the renewal, extension or replacement of any security pursuant to foregoing (i) through (vii) and,  
(ix) any security securing Capital Markets Indebtedness the principal amount of which (when aggregated with 
the principal amount of any other Capital Markets Indebtedness which has the benefit of a security other than 
any permitted under the sub-paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does not exceed EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies at any time). 
Significant Subsidiary means any consolidated Subsidiary of Continental AG (i) whose turnover exceeds 5% 
of the consolidated turnover of Continental AG as determined on the basis of the data included in the most 
recent audited or, in case of half-yearly financial statements, unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
Continental AG and in the most recent audited (if available) or (if not available) unaudited unconsolidated 
financial statements of such consolidated Subsidiary, or (ii) whose total assets exceed 5% of the consolidated 
total assets of Continental AG as determined on the basis of the data included in the most recent audited or, in 
case of half-yearly financial statements, unaudited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG and the 
most recent audited (if available) or (if not available) unaudited unconsolidated financial statements of such 
consolidated Subsidiary. In the case that, irrespective of the foregoing, a report by Continental AG’s auditors 
determines that a consolidated Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at a specified date a Significant 
Subsidiary, this determination shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.] 
§ 4  
INTEREST 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their principal amount at the rate 
of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement Date] to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in§ 6(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Interest Payment 
Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an Interest Payment Date). The first payment of interest shall be made 
on [First Interest Payment Date] [in case the First Interest Payment Date is not first anniversary of 
Interest Commencement Date the following applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per 
Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination]. [In case the Maturity Date is not an Interest 
Payment Date the following applies: Interest in respect of the period from [Interest Payment Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) to the Maturity Date (exclusive) will amount to [Final Broken 
Amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the day preceding the day on 
which they are due for redemption. If the Issuer for any reason fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall continue to accrue at the default rate of interest established by law1 on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount from (and including) the due date until (but excluding) the day on which such redemption is made to 
the Holders. 
[If the Step Up Option is applicable, the following applies: 
(3) Step Up Event. Upon the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Rate of Interest shall increase by [Step Up 
Margin]% per annum to a total of [Step Up Rate of Interest]% per annum (the Step Up Rate of Interest) 
with effect from (and including) the Step Up Date until the Maturity Day (exclusive). 
Step Up Event means: 
(a)  Continental AG fails to publish, by the Deadline, (i) a Sustainability Report for the financial year ending 
on the Performance Target Observation Date or (ii) a Verification Assurance Certificate in respect of such 
Sustainability Report. 
(b)  Continental AG publishes, by the Deadline, a Sustainability Report for the financial year ending on the 
Performance Target Observation Date and a Verification Assurance Certificate in respect of such 
Sustainability Report, but 
 
1  
The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(i) the Verification Assurance Certificate fails to confirm that [the KPI meets or exceeds the PT] [both 
the KPI 1 meets or exceeds the PT 1 and the KPI 2 meets or exceeds the PT 2]; or 
(ii) the Verification Assurance Certificate contains a notice that (i) the Independent Verifier cannot 
calculate [the] [a] KPI or observe [the] [a] PT or (ii) that the calculation or observation by the 
Independent Verifier was or can only be completed with a reservation or qualification with regard to 
the calculation of [the] [a] KPI or observation of [the] [a] PT. 
[(c) [Include further details.]] 
Any event occurring after an initial Step Up Event that would also qualify as Step Up Event will not result in 
an additional adjustment of the Rate of Interest in accordance with this paragraph § 4(3). 
If a Step Up Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice of such event and the related adjustment of the 
Rate of Interest to the Step Up Rate of Interest to the Holders in accordance with § 14 as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the publication of the Sustainability Report for the financial year ending on the 
Performance Target Observation Date, but in any event not later than on the [●] Business Day after the end of 
the Deadline (the date on which the Issuer publishes such notice, the Notice Date). 
Where: 
Deadline means [●]. 
KPI [1] means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer in accordance with 
relevant framework of Continental AG]. 
[KPI 2 means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer in accordance with 
relevant framework of Continental AG]] [Insert further details.] [(and KPI 1[,] [and] [KPI 2] [●] each a KPI).] 
Independent Verifier means [●]. 
Step Up Date means [●] [the Interest Payment Date immediately following the earlier of the Notice Date or 
the [●] Business Day after the end of the Deadline]. 
Performance Target [1] or PT [1] means [that [●] [meets or exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the 
specific target] by the Performance Target Observation Date][●]. 
[Performance Target 2 or PT 2 means [that [●] [meets or exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the 
specific target] by the Performance Target Observation Date][●].] [Insert further details.] [(and PT 1[,] [and] 
PT 2 [●] each an PT).] 
[In case of protection against dilution reflect that if the Issuer reasonably determines, taking into account the 
principle of good faith, that material restructuring activities (e.g. acquisitions, divestitures or mergers) of 
Continental AG and all of its affiliated companies within the meaning of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) carried out by Continental AG have a dilutive effect on a performance target, the Issuer shall 
take this dilutive effect into account and adjust the respective performance target in its reasonable discretion 
to the best possible extent in accordance with § 315 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) and 
taking into account the principle of good faith and any specifics of the respective performance target so that 
the dilutive effect is eliminated or at least minimised. Also to be reflected that the Issuer shall notify the 
Holders of the adjusted performance target without undue delay in accordance with § 14. An adjustment made 
by the Issuer and notified in accordance with § 14 shall be binding on the Holders.] 
Performance Target Observation Date means [●]. 
Sustainability Report means [●]. 
Verification Assurance Certificate means [●]. 
[●]] 
[(3)][(4)] 
Calculation of Interest for Periods of less than one Year. If interest is required to be calculated 
for a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below). [if the Specified Currency is euro and if Actual/Actual (ICMA) has been specified in the 
applicable Final Terms the following applies: The number of Interest Payment Dates (each a Determination 
Date) per calendar year is [number of regular Interest Payment Dates per calendar year].]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
[(4)][(5)] 
Day Count Fraction. Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the Calculation Period), 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) the following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365).]  
[In case of Actual/Actual (ICMA) the following applies:  
(a) if the Calculation Period (from and including the first day of such period but excluding the last) is equal to 
or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in 
such Calculation Period (from and including the first day of such period but excluding the last) divided by 
the product of (i) the number of days in such Determination Period and (ii) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in § 4[(3)]) that would occur in one calendar year; or  
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period 
ends, the sum of: (A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in § 4[(3)]) that would 
occur in one calendar year and (B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (i) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(ii) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in § 4[(3)]) that would occur in one calendar year. 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date. For the purpose of determining the relevant Determination Period, [deemed 
Interest Payment Date(s)] shall [each] be deemed to be a Determination Date.] 
[in case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365.]  
[In case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day 
months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of 
the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
§ 5  
PAYMENTS 
(1) Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall be made, subject 
to subparagraph (2) below, to the Paying Agent for forwarding to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
[In case of interest payable on a Temporary Global Note the following applies: Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing 
System or (if applicable) to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor] shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, Payment Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System is operating and  
[In case the Notes are not denominated in euro the following applies: on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Relevant Financial Centre(s).]  
[In case TARGET shall be open the following applies: all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (TARGET2) are operational to effect payments.] 
[In case the Notes are not denominated in euro the following applies:  
Relevant Financial Centre(s) means [●].] 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer at the Early Call Redemption Amount, the following applies: the 
Early Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer at 
the Call Redemption Amount, the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;]the Early 
Put Redemption Amount of the Notes; and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under 
or in respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 8. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though 
such Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected 
and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 6  
REDEMPTION 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the Maturity Date). [If the 
Adjustment Event is not applicable, the following applies: The Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Note shall be its principal amount.][If the Adjustment Event is applicable, the following applies: The 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount, subject to the occurrence of 
an Adjustment Event. [In case the Adjustment Event is applicable once, the following applies: Upon the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Final Redemption Amount per Note shall be increased to EUR [●].] 
[In case the Adjustment Event is applicable several times, the following applies: Every time an 
Adjustment Event occurs, the Final Redemption Amount per Note shall be increased by EUR [●]. 
Once an adjustment has been made, it shall not be reversed if the circumstances having caused the occurrence 
of the Adjustment Event no longer prevail. 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice of such event and the related adjustment to 
the Final Redemption Amount to the Holders in accordance with § 14 as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the publication of the Sustainability Report for the financial year ending on the Performance Target 
Observation Date, but in any event not later than on the [●] Business Day after the end of the Deadline (the 
date on which the Issuer publishes such notice, the Notice Date). 
Adjustment Event means: 
(a)  Continental AG fails to publish, by the Deadline, (i) a Sustainability Report for the financial year ending 
on the Performance Target Observation Date or (ii) a Verification Assurance Certificate in respect of such 
Sustainability Report. 
(b)  Continental AG publishes, by the Deadline, a Sustainability Report for the financial year ending on the 
Performance Target Observation Date and a Verification Assurance Certificate in respect of such 
Sustainability Report, but

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(i) the Verification Assurance Certificate fails to confirm that [the KPI meets or exceeds the PT] [both 
the KPI 1 meets or exceeds the PT 1 and the KPI 2 meets or exceeds the PT 2]; or 
(ii) the Verification Assurance Certificate contains a notice that (i) the Independent Verifier cannot 
calculate [the] [a] KPI or observe [the] [a] PT or (ii) that the calculation or observation by the 
Independent Verifier was or can only be completed with a reservation or qualification with regard to 
the calculation of [the] [a] KPI or observation of [the] [a] PT. 
[(c)  Include further details.] 
Where: 
Deadline means [●]2. 
KPI [1] means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer in accordance with 
relevant framework of Continental AG]. 
[KPI 2 means the following key performance indicator: [to be determined by Issuer in accordance with 
relevant framework of Continental AG]] [Insert further details.] [(and KPI 1[,] [and] [KPI 2] [●] each a KPI).] 
Independent Verifier means [●]. 
Performance Target [1] or PT [1] means [that [●] [meets or exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the 
specific target] by the Performance Target Observation Date][●]. 
[Performance Target 2 or PT 2 means [that [●] [meets or exceeds][falls below] [include and specify the 
specific target] by the Performance Target Observation Date.]][●] [Insert further details.] [(and PT 1[,] [and] 
PT 2 [●] each an PT).] 
[In case of protection against dilution reflect that if the Issuer reasonably determines, taking into account the 
principle of good faith, that material restructuring activities (e.g. acquisitions, divestitures or mergers) of 
Continental AG and all of its affiliated companies within the meaning of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) carried out by Continental AG have a dilutive effect on a performance target, the Issuer shall 
take this dilutive effect into account and adjust the respective performance target in its reasonable discretion 
to the best possible extent in accordance with § 315 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) and 
taking into account the principle of good faith and any specifics of the respective performance target so that 
the dilutive effect is eliminated or at least minimised. Also to be reflected that the Issuer shall notify the 
Holders of the adjusted performance target without undue delay in accordance with § 14. An adjustment made 
by the Issuer and notified in accordance with § 14 shall be binding on the Holders.] 
Performance Target Observation Date means [●].  
Sustainability Report means [●]. 
Verification Assurance Certificate means [●]. 
[●]] 
(2) Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in respect of the Issuer [in the case 
of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as applicable, the Guarantor] affecting taxation 
or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change becomes effective on or after the date on 
which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or 
CRoA the following applies: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] is required to pay Additional Amounts on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable 
measures available to the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor], the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the 
Issuer, at any time upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 14 to the Holders, at the [insert redemption amount for reasons of 
 
2  
The Deadline should be at least 20 business days before the Maturity Day.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
taxation: [principal amount][Final Redemption Amount][other]] together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor] would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
was then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does 
not remain in effect. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 14. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 6(2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent an Officers' Certificate, stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and an Opinion of Counsel of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer [in the 
case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] has or 
will become obliged to pay such Additional Amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Officers' Certificate means a certificate signed by two members of the management board (Vorstand) of 
Continental AG, one of whom shall be Continental AG's chief financial officer.  
Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion from legal counsel. The counsel may be an employee of or 
counsel to Continental AG. 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control. 
(a) If a Change of Control occurs, each Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, to require the Issuer 
to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) in whole or in part his Notes at 
the Early Put Redemption Amount (the Put Option). Such Put Option shall operate as set out below under 
§ 6(3) (b)-(c). 
Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies or the Guarantor] 
becomes aware that any Person or group of Persons acting in concert within the meaning of § 2(5) of 
the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz, 
WpÜG) has become the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting rights of 
Continental AG; or 
(ii) the merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other combination of Continental AG with or into any 
Person or the merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other combination of any Person with or into 
Continental AG, or the sale, assignment, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or 
substantially all of the assets (determined on a consolidated basis) of Continental AG to any Person, 
in each case if as a result of any such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other combination or 
such sale, assignment, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition any Person or group of Persons 
acting in concert within the meaning of § 2(5) of the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover 
Act becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting rights of Continental 
AG; or 
(iii) the sale, assignment, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the 
assets (determined on a consolidated basis) of Continental AG to any Person (other than a member of 
the Continental Group). 
Early Put Redemption Amount means for each Note [insert redemption amount in case of early put 
redemption: [percentage of principal amount]% of the principal amount of such Note][Final 
Redemption Amount][other]], plus accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Put Date. 
(b) If a Change of Control occurs, then the Issuer shall, without undue delay, after becoming aware thereof, 
give notice of the Change of Control (a Put Event Notice) to the Holders in accordance with § 14 
specifying the nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the Put Option contained

--- Page 78 ---
78 
in this § 6(3) (including the information on the Clearing System account of the Paying Agent for purposes 
of subparagraph (c)(ii)(x) of this § 6(3)). 
(c) To exercise the Put Option, the Holder must deliver on any Business Day within 30 days after a Put Event 
Notice has been published (the Put Period) (i) to the Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed 
notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and (ii) the 
aggregate Specified Denomination of Notes for which the Holder wishes to exercise its Put Option either 
(x) by transferring such Notes to the Clearing System account of the Paying Agent or (y) by giving an 
irrevocable instruction to the Paying Agent to withdraw such Notes from a securities account of the 
Holder with the Paying Agent. The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase 
of) the relevant Note(s) on the date (the Put Date) seven days after the expiration of the Put Period unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be 
made in accordance with the customary procedures through the Clearing System. A Put Notice, once 
given, shall be irrevocable. 
 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general 
business in London and Frankfurt am Main, and: (a) (in relation to any date for payment or purchase of a 
currency other than euro) on which banks are open for general business in the principal financial centre of 
the country of that currency; or (b) (in relation to any date for payment or purchase of euro) on which all 
relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
(TARGET2) are operational to forward the relevant payment. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding Principal Amount, the following applies: 
(4) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount. If 80 per 
cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased by 
Continental AG or any other member of the Continental Group, the Issuer may at any time upon not less than 
30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 14, to the Holders redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes (except for any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under § 6(3)) in whole 
but not in part, at their [insert redemption amount for reasons of minimal outstanding principal amount: 
[principal amount][Final Redemption Amount][other]] plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of such 
redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Early Call Redemption 
Amount, the following applies: 
[(4)][(5)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Early Call Redemption Amount.  
 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
(except for any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under § 6(3)) at its option at a redemption price equal to [insert redemption 
amount for early call redemption: [100% of the principal amount][the Final Redemption 
Amount][other]] of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued interest, if any, to the redemption date 
(excluding), plus the excess (if any) of: 
(i) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed not including any portion of such 
payment of interest accrued on the date of redemption, from the redemption date to the earlier of (x) 
the first day on which the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer at their principal amount 
or Final Redemption Amount and (y) the Maturity Date, each discounted at the Benchmark Yield 
plus [margin]% to the redemption date by applying the Day Count Fraction set out in § 4[(4)]; over 
(ii) the principal amount or Final Redemption Amount of the Notes being redeemed 
(the Early Call Redemption Amount). 
The Early Call Redemption Amount shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Benchmark Yield means the yield as at the Redemption Calculation Date as appearing at around [relevant 
time] on the Screen Page in respect of the Benchmark Security, or if such yield cannot be so determined at

--- Page 79 ---
79 
such time, the yield determined as aforesaid as appearing on the Screen Page at such other time on the 
Redemption Calculation Date as may be considered to be appropriate by the Calculation Agent. 
Screen Page means Bloomberg [HP (setting "Last Yield To Convention" and using the pricing source 
"FRNK")] [other relevant screen page] (or any successor page or successor pricing source) for the 
Benchmark Security, or, if such Bloomberg page or pricing source is not available, such other page (if 
any) from such other information provider displaying substantially similar data as may be considered to be 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent. 
Benchmark Security means the [euro denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal Republic of 
Germany] [other relevant benchmark] due [maturity], carrying ISIN [ISIN of the reference bond used at 
pricing the Notes], or, if such security is no longer outstanding on the Redemption Calculation Date, such 
substitute benchmark security selected by the Calculation Agent, in each case as having a maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the Note to the Maturity Date, that would be used at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the Maturity Date. 
Redemption Calculation Date means the sixth Business Day prior to the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed as a result of any event specified in this § 6[(4)][(5)]. 
 
(b) The Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. 
Such notice shall specify:  
(i) the series of Notes subject to redemption;  
(ii)  whether such series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and  
(iii)  the relevant redemption date, which shall be not less than 60 nor more than 90 days after the date on 
which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant Clearing System. [in the case of Notes in NGN form, the following applies: For 
technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the outstanding redemption amount 
will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in nominal amount or as a pool factor, at 
the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, 
the following applies: 
[(5)][(6)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount. The Issuer may, 
upon not less than 60 days' nor more than 90 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and to 
the Holders in accordance with § 14, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes in whole but not in part, [in 
case of Call Redemption Date(s) the following applies: on the following Call Redemption Date(s)] [in case 
of Call Redemption Period(s) the following applies: within the following Call Redemption Period(s)] at the 
following Call Redemption Amount(s), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date:  
Call Redemption [Date] [Period] 
Call Redemption Amount 
[Call Redemption Date(s) or, as 
applicable, Call Redemption Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
This redemption is subject to the right of Holders to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date falling on 
or prior to the redemption date.] 
§ 7  
PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT[, CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Paying Agent[,][and] the Fiscal Agent [and the initial Calculation 
Agent] and their initial specified offices shall be:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
 
 
 
 
 
1 North Wall Quay  
 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
 
 
Ireland 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, the following applies: 
Calculation Agent: 
 
 
[●]] 
The Paying Agent[,][and] the Fiscal Agent [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any time to change 
their specified offices to some other office in the same city. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Paying Agent[,][or] the Fiscal Agent [or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint another 
Paying Agent, additional or other paying agents[,][or] another Fiscal Agent [or another Calculation Agent]. 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent [in case of payments in U.S. dollars the following 
applies: (whereas, if payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the USA become illegal 
or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of such amounts in U.S. dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York 
City)][,][and] a Fiscal Agent [and a Calculation Agent]. Any variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less 
than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof has been given to the Holders in accordance with § 14. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Paying Agent[,][and] the Fiscal Agent [and the Calculation Agent], and any other 
paying agent appointed pursuant to subsection (2) act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. The Paying Agent[,][and] the Fiscal 
Agent [and the Calculation Agent] and any other agent appointed pursuant to subsection (2) shall have such 
obligations and only such obligations as are expressly contained in the Agency Agreement and these Terms 
and Conditions.  
Agency Agreement means the agency agreement between Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance B.V., 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp., Citibank Europe plc as Fiscal Agent and the other parties named 
therein. 
§ 8  
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the 
following applies:, and the Guarantee shall provide that all amounts payable in respect of the Guarantee shall be 
made,] without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied at source by way of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of any jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor, as applicable,] 
is organized, engaged in business, resident for tax purposes or generally subject to tax on a net income basis or 
through or from which payment on the Notes [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following 
applies: or the Guarantee, as applicable,] is made or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (each, a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. If such withholding with respect to amounts payable in respect of the Notes is required by law, the Issuer will 
pay [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, and the Guarantee shall provide that, if 
such withholding with respect to amounts payable in respect of the Guarantee is required by law, the Guarantor 
will pay,] such additional amounts (the Additional Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would 
otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) are payable by any Person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise 
in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor, as applicable,] from payments of 
principal or interest made by it, or 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business connection with the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction and not merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes [in 
the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantee, as applicable,] are,

--- Page 81 ---
81 
or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction, or 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning the 
taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to 
which the Federal Republic of Germany [in case of Notes issued by CGF the following applies: or the 
Kingdom of The Netherlands] or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or 
(d) would not have been imposed or withheld but for the failure of the Holder or beneficial owner of Notes 
(including, for these purposes, any financial institution through which the Holder or beneficial owner 
holds the Notes or through which payment on the Notes is made), following a request at least in text form 
(section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) by or on behalf of the Issuer [in the 
case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] or a Paying Agent 
addressed to the Holder or beneficial owner (and made at a time that would enable the Holder or 
beneficial owner acting reasonably to comply with that request, and in all events, at least 30 days before 
any withholding or deduction would be required), to comply with any certification, identification, 
information or other reporting requirement whether required by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, that is a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the 
rate of deduction or withholding of, Taxes imposed by the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (including, 
without limitation, a certification that the Holder or beneficial owner is not resident in the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction), but in each case, only to the extent the Holder or beneficial owner is legally entitled to 
provide such certification, information or documentation, or 
(e) are required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), any current or future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, or 
(f) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the relevant 
payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with § 14, 
whichever occurs later, or 
(g) are payable by reason of the Holder (or beneficiary or other recipient of a payment under the Notes [in the 
case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantee, as applicable]) being 
resident in a non-cooperative territory (nicht kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the meaning of the 
German Law to prevent Tax Avoidance and Unfair Tax Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb), as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted based on this law), or  
(h) any combinations of items (a)-(g), 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is a 
fiduciary or partnership or who is someone otherwise not the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the 
extent such payment would be required by the laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the 
income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the Holder of the Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic 
of Germany at the level of the custodian bank and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed 
thereon pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date do not constitute a tax or duty as described above 
in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF 
or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor]. 
§ 9  
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
§ 10  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Events of default. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, each Holder shall be entitled to declare due 
and payable by submitting a Termination Notice pursuant to § 10(3) to the Fiscal Agent its entire claims 
arising from the Notes and, subject to § 10(2), demand immediate redemption thereof at the [insert 
redemption amount in case of event of default: [principal amount][Final Redemption Amount][other]] 
together with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment. Each of the following is an 
Event of Default: 
(a) Non-Payment of Principal. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
or, failing which, the Guarantor] fails to pay principal due on the Notes within 30 days of the relevant due 
date therefore; or 
(b) Non-Payment of Interest. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
or, failing which, the Guarantor] fails to pay interest due on the Notes within 30 days of the relevant due 
date therefore; or 
(c) Breach of other Obligation. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
or the Guarantor] fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes [in case of Notes 
issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantee, as the case may be,] and such failure, 
if capable of remedy, continues unremedied for more than 30 Business Days after the Fiscal Agent 
receiving notice thereof from a Holder and delivering such notice to the Issuer; or 
(d) Cessation of Payment. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, the 
Guarantor] or a Significant Subsidiary announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments generally; or 
(e) Insolvency etc. [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: A Continental 
Insolvency Event occurs or a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or a Significant 
Subsidiary or the Issuer or a Significant Subsidiary applies for or institutes such proceedings, or a third 
party applies for insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or a Significant Subsidiary and such 
proceedings are not discharged or stayed within 30 days] [in case of Notes issued by Continental AG the 
following applies: A Continental Insolvency Event occurs or a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against a Significant Subsidiary or a Significant Subsidiary applies for or institutes such proceedings, or a 
third party applies for insolvency proceedings against a Significant Subsidiary and such proceedings are 
not discharged or stayed within 30 days].  
 
Continental Insolvency Event means the appointment of a preliminary or final administrator in respect of 
Continental AG (including, without limitation, the making of an application for the opening of 
proceedings for the reasons set out in sections 17 to 19 of the German Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung) (Antrag auf Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens) by the management of Continental 
AG or a creditor of Continental AG, excluding any application by a third party which is frivolous or 
vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 days of application; or 
(f) Liquidation. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, the 
Guarantor] or a Significant Subsidiary enters into liquidation (except in connection with a merger or other 
form of combination with another company or in connection with a reconstruction and such other or new 
company or, as the case may be, companies effectively assume substantially all of the assets and liabilities 
of the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, the Guarantor] or the 
Significant Subsidiary); or 
(g) Cross-Default. (x) Any Capital Markets Indebtedness of any member of the Continental Group (in each 
case other than under the Notes) becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity (whether by 
declaration, automatic acceleration or otherwise) as a result of an event of default (however described), or 
(y) any Capital Markets Indebtedness of any member of the Continental Group (in each case other than 
under the Notes) is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, provided, 
however, that no Event of Default will occur under this subparagraph (g) if the aggregate amount of 
Capital Markets Indebtedness falling within (x) or (y) above is less than EUR 100,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in the applicable currency)[; or][.]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
[in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:  
(h) Guarantee. (A) The Guarantee is by judicial decision declared to be unenforceable or invalid or ceases for 
any reason to be in full force and effect or (B) the Guarantor, or anyone acting on behalf of the Guarantor, 
denies or disaffirms its obligations under its Guarantee.] 
(2) Quorum. If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in § 10(1)(d), with respect to the 
Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor], or § 10(1)(e), 
with respect to the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the 
Guarantor]) occurs and is continuing, any Termination Notices from Holders shall, unless at the time such 
Termination Notice is received, any of the events specified in § 10(1)(a) to § 10(1)(c) or § 10(1)(f) to 
§ 10(1)[(g)][(h)] entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, only become effective if and when 
the Fiscal Agent has received Termination Notices with respect to at least 10% in aggregate principal amount 
of the then outstanding Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall have no duty to make any 
notification towards the Holders if and when it has received Termination Notices with respect to at least 10% 
in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. 
(3) Termination Notices. Any notice by a Holder to terminate its Notes in accordance with § 10(1) and § 10(2) 
(a Termination Notice) shall be made at least in text form (section 126b of the German Civil Code, 
Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in the German or English language, 
together with evidence by means of a certificate of the Holder's Custodian (as defined in § 16(3)) that such 
Holder, at the time of such Termination Notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
(4) No Termination. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. No event or circumstance other than an event or circumstance specified in § 10(1) 
shall entitle Holders to declare their Notes due and payable prior to their stated maturity save as expressly 
provided for in these Terms and Conditions and subject to applicable mandatory law. 
§ 11  
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on 
any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA 
the following applies: Continental AG or] any Subsidiary of Continental AG as principal debtor in respect of 
all obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the Substitute Debtor) provided that: 
(a) the Substitute Debtor, in a manner legally effective, assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor [in case of Notes issued by Continental AG the following applies: and the Issuer] 
[in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(provided that the Guarantor is not the Substitute Debtor)] have obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the 
following applies: and for the issue by the Guarantor (provided that the Guarantor is not the Substitute 
Debtor) of a Substitution Guarantee], that the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary governmental 
and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the Substitute Debtor of its obligations 
under the Notes and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and that the 
obligations assumed by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes [in case of Notes issued by CGF or 
CRoA the following applies: and the obligations assumed by the Guarantor (provided that the Guarantor 
is not the Substitute Debtor)] under its Substitution Guarantee are, in each case, valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Holder; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor can transfer to the Paying Agent in the currency required and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in 
which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following 
applies: or the Guarantor (provided that the Guarantor is not the Substitute Debtor)] has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(d) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder in respect of such substitution;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
[in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:  
(e) the Guarantor (provided that the Guarantor is not the Substitute Debtor) declares that its Guarantee shall 
with respect to the Notes also apply to the Substitute Debtor (each such declaration a Substitution 
Guarantee);] 
[in case of Notes issued by Continental AG the following applies: 
(e) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment of all sums 
payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes;] and 
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to an agent appointed for that purpose one Opinion of Counsel (as defined 
in § 6(2)) for each jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs 
(a) to (e) above have been satisfied. 
(2) Notice. Any substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this § 11 and the date of effectiveness of such substitution 
shall be published in accordance with § 14. 
(3) Change of References. Upon effectiveness of the substitution any reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction with respect to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction with respect to the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following 
shall apply: 
(a) If the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction of the Substitute Debtor does not include the Federal Republic of 
Germany, in § 8 and § 6(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed 
to have been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction of the Substitute Debtor. 
[in case of Notes issued by Continental AG the following applies: 
(b) In § 10, a further Event of Default shall be deemed to have been included; such Event of Default shall 
exist in the case that (A) the guarantee pursuant to § 11(1)(e) is by judicial decision declared to be 
unenforceable or invalid or ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect or (B) the guarantor 
pursuant to § 11(1)(e), or anyone acting on behalf of such guarantor, denies or disaffirms its obligations 
under such guarantee.] 
[in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:  
(b) § 10(1)(i) shall be deemed to be amended to the effect that it shall be an Event of Default if a Substitution 
Guarantee ceases to be valid or binding on or enforceable against the Guarantor (provided that the 
Guarantor is not itself the Substitute Debtor).] 
(4) Release from Obligations. Upon effective substitution of the Issuer as set forth in this § 11, the Issuer shall be 
released from any obligation arising from or in connection with the Notes. 
(5) Further Substitution. At any time after a substitution pursuant to paragraph (1) above, the Substitute Debtor 
may, without the consent of the Holders, effect a further substitution for itself by Continental AG (provided 
that the Substitute Debtor is not itself Continental AG) or any Subsidiary of Continental AG provided that all 
the provisions specified in paragraphs (1) to (4) above shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and, without limitation, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or 
include references to any such further Substitute Debtor [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the 
following applies: ; provided that in no event shall any substitution under this § 11 have the effect of releasing 
the Guarantor from any of its obligations under its Guarantee]. 
§ 12  
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Relevant 
Issue Date, interest commencement date and/or the issue price) so as to form a single series with the Notes.  
 
Relevant Issue Date means the date on which any tranche of Notes is first issued; with respect to the first 
tranche of Notes originally issued on the Issue Date, the Relevant Issue Date shall be the Issue Date.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(2) Purchases. Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following 
applies: and the Guarantor] may (directly or through a subsidiary) at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the Guarantor], be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 13  
AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, HOLDERS 
REPRESENTATIVE [In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: ; AMENDMENT OF 
THE GUARANTEE] 
(1) Majority resolutions pursuant to the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities. The Holders may with consent 
of the Issuer (if required) by a majority resolution pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues 
of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) (the SchVG), as amended 
from time to time, agree to amendments of the Terms and Conditions or resolve any other matters provided for 
by the SchVG. In particular, the Holders may consent to amendments which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, including such measures as provided for under section 5 paragraph 3 SchVG by 
resolutions passed by such majority of the votes of the Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all Holders.  
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
Resolutions which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of 
section 5 paragraph 3 numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to material other matters may only be passed by 
a majority of at least [percentage]% of the voting rights participating in the vote (a Qualified Majority). 
(3) Passing of resolutions. The Holders can pass resolutions in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 and sections 5 et seqq. of the SchVG.  
(4) Meeting. Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated in the convening notice no later than the third day preceding 
the meeting. As part of the registration, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote by 
means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 15(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form 
and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such registration has been sent until and including the stated end of the 
meeting.  
(5) Vote without a meeting. Together with casting their votes Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 15(3)(i)(a) 
and (b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such votes have been cast until and including 
the day the voting period ends.  
(6) Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote 
without a meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a meeting the chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a second 
meeting in accordance with section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote without a 
meeting the scrutineer (Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second meeting within the meaning of section 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the second meeting and exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the Holders' registration. The provisions set out in § 13(4) sentence 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the Holders’ registration for a second meeting. 
(7) Holders' representative. [If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes the following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal 
of a joint representative (the Holders' Representative), the duties and responsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of the rights of the Holders to the Holders' Representative and a limitation 
of liability of the Holders' Representative. § 13(2) to (6) also apply to the resolution regarding the appointment 
of a Holders' Representative. Appointment of a Holders' Representative may only be passed by a Qualified

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Majority if such Holders' Representative is to be authorised to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) hereof, to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms and Conditions or other material matters.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the following 
applies: The joint representative (the Holders' Representative) shall be [name, address]. The Holders' 
Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities and powers provided for by law. The liability of the 
Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times of the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with 
respect to the dismissal of the Holders' Representative and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.] 
(8) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
(9) The provisions set out above applicable to the amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall 
apply mutatis mutandis [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: to the conditions of 
the Guarantee and] to the conditions of any guarantee granted in connection with a substitution of the Issuer. 
§ 14  
NOTICES 
(1) Subject to § 13(8), all notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). Any notice so given will be deemed to be validly given on the third calendar day following 
the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third calendar day following the date of 
the first such publication).  
[in case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: All notices 
concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic publication on the internet website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of such publication.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. [In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] [In case of Notes which are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: So long as any Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders, in lieu of publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day after the day on which the said notice was given to 
the Clearing System.] [In case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange other than the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders, provided that the rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed permit such 
form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
(3) Notification to the Issuer. Notices to be given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be made at least in text form 
(section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Such notice may be given by any Holder to the Fiscal Agent through the relevant Clearing System in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Clearing System may approve for such purpose.  
§ 15  
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, ENFORCEMENT AND JUDGMENT CURRENCY 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by German law, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific proceedings under the SchVG, the 
place of non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings in connection with the Notes shall 
be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by 
CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor], or to which such Holder and the Issuer [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] are parties, protect and enforce in 
his own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global form certified as being a 
true copy by a duly authorized officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without 
the need for production in such proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. 
For purposes of the foregoing, Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognized standing 
authorized to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
[In case of U.S. dollars as Specified Currency the following applies:  
(4) Judgment Currency. The sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] under or in connection with the 
Notes [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the Guarantee] is U.S. dollars. 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than U.S. dollar in respect of the Notes [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantee] (whether as a result of, or the 
enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer, [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: the Guarantor,] any Subsidiary or 
otherwise) by a Holder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer [in case of Notes issued 
by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] will constitute a discharge of the Issuer [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] only to the extent of the U.S. dollar 
amount which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency 
on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not possible to make that purchase on that date, on the first 
date on which it is possible to do so). If that U.S. dollar amount is less than the U.S. dollar amount expressed 
to be due to the recipient under the Notes [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
or the Guarantee], the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the 
Guarantor] shall indemnify the recipient against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event the Issuer [in 
case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the Guarantor] shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this indemnity, it will be sufficient 
for the Holder to certify that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase of U.S. dollars been made 
with the amount so received in that other currency on the date of receipt or recovery (or, if a purchase of U.S. 
dollars on such date had not been practicable, on the first date on which it would have been practicable). These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations of the Issuer [in case 
of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the Guarantor], will give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, will apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder (other than a waiver 
of the indemnities set out herein) and will continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, 
claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect to any sum due under any Note [in case of Notes issued by 
CGF or CRoA the following applies: , the Guarantee] or any other judgment or order.] 
[In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:  
(5) Process Agent. The Issuer has appointed the Guarantor as its agent for service of process 
(Zustellungsbevollmächtigter) in relation to any proceedings before the German courts in connection with the 
Notes.]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
§ 16  
LANGUAGE 
[If the Conditions are to be in the German language with an English language translation, the following 
applies:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.]  
[If the Conditions are to be in the English language with a German language translation, the following 
applies:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a German language translation. 
The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided for convenience 
only.] 
[If the Conditions are to be in the English language only, the following applies:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates 
 
§ 1  
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the Notes) of [Continental AG][Conti-Gummi Finance 
B.V.][Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] ([Continental AG][CGF][CRoA] or the Issuer) is being issued 
in [Specified Currency] (also referred to as [symbol of Specified Currency]) (the Specified Currency) in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the Global Note is a New Global Note (NGN) the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in 
words]) in the denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination) on [Issue Date] (the 
Issue Date). 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note 
or the Global Note) without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two authorized 
signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary Global Note) without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note and together with the Temporary 
Global Note, the Global Notes) without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date not earlier than 
40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification 
shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange 
such Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the USA.] 
(4) Clearing System. Each Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. Clearing System means 
[if more than one Clearing System, the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)][,][and] [Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg (CBL)] [and] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear)] [(CBL and Euroclear each an ICSD and together the ICSDs)]. [if clearing through 
CBF, the following applies: The Notes shall be transferable by appropriate entries in securities accounts in 
accordance with applicable rules of CBF (Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn) and, outside of the Federal 
Republic of Germany, of Clearstream Banking, S.A. (42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) as operator of 
the Euroclear System and any successor in such capacity.]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
[In case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a NGN, the following applies: 
The Notes are issued in new global note (NGN) form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, 
a statement issued by a ICSD stating the principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate amount 
of such instalment so paid. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, the following applies: 
The Notes are issued in classical global note (CGN) form and are kept in custody by a common depositary on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. Holder means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or right 
in the Notes. 
§ 2  
STATUS [In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: ; GUARANTEE] 
[(1) Status.] The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
[In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
(2) Guarantee. Continental AG (the Guarantor or Continental AG) has given an unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee (the Guarantee) for the due and punctual payment of principal of, and interest on, and any other 
amounts payable under any Notes. The Guarantee constitutes a contract for the benefit of the Holders from 
time to time as third party beneficiaries in accordance with § 328 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch), giving rise to the right of each Holder to require performance of the Guarantee 
directly from the Guarantor and to enforce the Guarantee directly against the Guarantor. Copies of the 
Guarantee may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.] 
§ 3  
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
[(1) Negative Pledge of the Issuer.] The Issuer undertakes, so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, but only up 
to the time all amounts of principal and interest payable in accordance with these Terms and Conditions have 
been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to create or permit to subsist [in case of Notes issued by 
Continental AG the following applies: and to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its 
Significant Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist,] any security interest in rem (dingliche Sicherheit) 
over all or part of its present or future assets to secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness (including any 
guarantees and indemnities given in respect thereof) without at the same time having the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such security interest in rem in substantially identical terms thereto.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
This undertaking shall not apply with respect to  
(i) security provided by any member of the Continental Group over any claims of such member against any 
other member of the Continental Group or any third party, which claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any securities, provided that 
any such security serves to secure obligations under such securities,  
(ii) security existing on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof by a member of the Continental Group or 
over assets of a newly acquired company which becomes a member of the Continental Group,  
(iii) security existing on the Issue Date of the Notes,  
(iv) security which is mandatory pursuant to applicable laws (or by agreement having the same effect) or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any governmental approvals,  
(v) security provided in connection with any issuance of asset backed securities by the Issuer or by any of its 
Subsidiaries,  
(vi) security provided in respect of any issuance of asset backed securities made by a special purpose vehicle 
where the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is the originator of the underlying assets,  
(vii) security provided in respect of any financing of any project or asset, provided that the assets on which the 
security is created are (A) the assets which are used or to be used in or in connection with the project to which 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness relates or (B) revenues or claims which arise from the use, operation, 
failure to meet specifications, exploitation, sale, or loss of or damage to, such assets and provided further that 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness is not directly or indirectly the subject of any guarantee, indemnity or other 
form of assurance, undertaking or support from any other member of the Continental Group,  
(viii) the renewal, extension or replacement of any security pursuant to foregoing (i) through (vii) and,  
(ix) any security securing Capital Markets Indebtedness the principal amount of which (when aggregated with 
the principal amount of any other Capital Markets Indebtedness which has the benefit of a security other than 
any permitted under the sub-paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does not exceed EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies at any time). 
Capital Markets Indebtedness means any obligation (i) of Continental AG or (ii) of a Subsidiary and 
guaranteed by Continental AG for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, or represented by, 
either (x) a certificate of indebtedness governed by German law (Schuldscheindarlehen), or by (y) bonds, notes 
or other securities which are, or are capable of being, listed, dealt in, or traded on a stock exchange or other 
recognized securities market. 
Continental Group means Continental AG and any Subsidiary of Continental AG and excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, associated companies and corporations consolidated at equity. 
Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, 
joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision 
thereof. 
[In case of Notes issued by Continental AG the following applies: 
Significant Subsidiary means any consolidated Subsidiary of Continental AG (i) whose turnover exceeds 5% 
of the consolidated turnover of Continental AG as determined on the basis of the data included in the most 
recent audited or, in case of half-yearly financial statements, unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
Continental AG and in the most recent audited (if available) or (if not available) unaudited unconsolidated 
financial statements of such consolidated Subsidiary, or (ii) whose total assets exceed 5% of the consolidated 
total assets of Continental AG as determined on the basis of the data included in the most recent audited or, in 
case of half-yearly financial statements, unaudited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG and the 
most recent audited (if available) or (if not available) unaudited unconsolidated financial statements of such 
consolidated Subsidiary. In the case that, irrespective of the foregoing, a report by Continental AG’s auditors 
determines that a consolidated Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at a specified date a Significant 
Subsidiary, this determination shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.] 
Subsidiary means in relation to any company, partnership or corporation, a company, partnership or 
corporation:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(a) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company, partnership or corporation; 
or 
(b) more than 50% of the voting issued share capital (or similar right ownership) of which is beneficially 
owned, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company, partnership or corporation; or 
(c) which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company, partnership or 
corporation, 
and, for the purpose of determining whether a company, partnership or corporation is a direct or indirect 
Subsidiary of Continental AG only, which has to be consolidated in the consolidated financial statements of 
the Continental Group under IFRS (excluding, for clarification purposes, an associated company or 
corporation consolidated at equity). If the shares in Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft, or any 
successor thereof become listed on a regulated market of a stock exchange in the European Union, this 
definition of Subsidiaries shall exclude Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft, and, in each case, its 
Subsidiaries. 
For the purpose of this definition, a company, partnership or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by 
another if that other company, partnership or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the 
composition of its board of directors or equivalent body whether through the ownership of voting capital, by 
contract or otherwise. For the purposes of determining whether an entity is a Subsidiary of Continental AG, an 
entity shall not be treated as being controlled directly or indirectly by Continental AG if Continental AG can 
only direct the management and policies of such entity directly or indirectly jointly with another Person (which 
is not a member of the Continental Group) and such entity would not be fully consolidated in the consolidated 
financial statements of Continental AG in accordance with IFRS if at the relevant point of time such 
consolidated financial statements would be drawn up. IFRS means the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as published by the International Accounting Standards Board, as in effect from time to time. 
[In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
(2) Negative Pledge of Guarantor. The Guarantor has undertaken in the Guarantee, so long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest payable in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to create or permit to subsist 
and to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its Significant Subsidiaries will create or permit 
to subsist, any security interest in rem (dingliche Sicherheit) over all or part of its present or future assets to 
secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness (including any guarantees and indemnities given in respect thereof) 
without at the same time having the Holders share equally and rateably in such security interest in rem in 
substantially identical terms thereto. 
This undertaking shall not apply with respect to  
(i) security provided by any member of the Continental Group over any claims of such member against any 
other member of the Continental Group or any third party, which claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any securities, provided that 
any such security serves to secure obligations under such securities,  
(ii) security existing on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof by a member of the Continental Group or 
over assets of a newly acquired company which becomes a member of the Continental Group,  
(iii) security existing on the Issue Date of the Notes,  
(iv) security which is mandatory pursuant to applicable laws (or by agreement having the same effect) or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any governmental approvals,  
(v) security provided in connection with any issuance of asset backed securities by the Guarantor or by any of 
its Subsidiaries,  
(vi) security provided in respect of any issuance of asset backed securities made by a special purpose vehicle 
where the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is the originator of the underlying assets,  
(vii) security provided in respect of any financing of any project or asset, provided that the assets on which the 
security is created are (A) the assets which are used or to be used in or in connection with the project to which 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness relates or (B) revenues or claims which arise from the use, operation, 
failure to meet specifications, exploitation, sale, or loss of or damage to, such assets and provided further that

--- Page 93 ---
93 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness is not directly or indirectly the subject of any guarantee, indemnity or other 
form of assurance, undertaking or support from any other member of the Continental Group,  
(viii) the renewal, extension or replacement of any security pursuant to foregoing (i) through (vii) and,  
(ix) any security securing Capital Markets Indebtedness the principal amount of which (when aggregated with 
the principal amount of any other Capital Markets Indebtedness which has the benefit of a security other than 
any permitted under the sub-paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does not exceed EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies at any time). 
Significant Subsidiary means any consolidated Subsidiary of Continental AG (i) whose turnover exceeds 5% 
of the consolidated turnover of Continental AG as determined on the basis of the data included in the most 
recent audited or, in case of half-yearly financial statements, unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
Continental AG and in the most recent audited (if available) or (if not available) unaudited unconsolidated 
financial statements of such consolidated Subsidiary, or (ii) whose total assets exceed 5% of the consolidated 
total assets of Continental AG as determined on the basis of the data included in the most recent audited or, in 
case of half-yearly financial statements, unaudited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG and the 
most recent audited (if available) or (if not available) unaudited unconsolidated financial statements of such 
consolidated Subsidiary. In the case that, irrespective of the foregoing, a report by Continental AG’s auditors 
determines that a consolidated Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at a specified date a Significant 
Subsidiary, this determination shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.] 
§ 4  
INTEREST 
(1) Interest Payment Dates.  
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their principal amount from (and including) [Interest Commencement 
Date] (the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and 
thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest 
Payment Date. Interest shall be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.  
(b) Interest Payment Date means 
[In case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the following applies: each [Specified Interest Payment 
Dates].] 
[In case of Specified Interest Periods the following applies: each date which (except as otherwise 
provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.] 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be: 
[In case of the Modified Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
the payment date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[In case of the FRN Convention the following applies: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day, and each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the calendar month that falls [number] months after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date.] 
[In case of the Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day.] 
[In case of the Preceding Business Day Convention the following applies: the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general 
business in London and Frankfurt am Main, and: (a) (in relation to any date for payment or purchase of a 
currency other than euro) on which banks are open for general business in the principal financial centre of 
the country of that currency; or (b) (in relation to any date for payment or purchase of euro) on which all

--- Page 94 ---
94 
relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
(TARGET2) are operational to forward the relevant payment. 
(2) Rate of Interest.  
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the Specified Currency is EURIBOR, the following applies: 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for each Interest Period will, except as provided below [in case 
of Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest the following applies: or in § 4(3)], be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
that Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below) [in the case that a margin is applicable to the Rate of Interest, 
the following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Interest Period means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Determination Date means the second TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period. TARGET Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system 
(TARGET2) are operational to effect payments. 
[In the case that a margin is applicable to the Rate of Interest, the following applies:  
Margin means [percentage] per cent. per annum.] 
Screen Page means the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or the relevant successor page on that service or 
on any other service as may be nominated as the information vendor for the purposes of displaying rates 
or prices comparable to the relevant offered quotation. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time, in each case for reasons 
other than the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
that Interest Period which appears on the Substitute Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date [in the case that a margin is applicable to the Rate of Interest, the 
following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If neither the Screen Page nor the Substitute Screen Page is available or if no such quotation appears on 
any such page at such time, in each case for reasons other than the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such quotation was offered [in the case that a 
margin is applicable to the Rate of Interest, the following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. 
Substitute Screen Page means the screen page of any authorized vendor other than the Screen Page or any 
other available website or screen page of a financial data provider on which the offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period as determined by its administrator (currently the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)) for 
the relevant Interest Determination Date is displayed. 
(b) If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred on or prior to an Interest Determination 
Date, the following shall apply: 
(i) The Offered Interest Rate for the Interest Period following such Interest Determination Date and each 
subsequent Interest Period (unless a new Benchmark Event occurs thereafter) shall be the 
Replacement Offered Interest Rate (as defined below), adjusted, if necessary, by any Adjustment 
Spread (as defined below). The Issuer will inform the Calculation Agent thereof and shall, in 
accordance with § 14 of these Terms and Conditions, notify the Replacement Offered Interest Rate, 
any Adjustment Spread and the Adjustments (as defined below) and all of these determinations (as 
well as any amendment of the Interest Determination Date if so determined) shall become binding on

--- Page 95 ---
95 
the Issuer and the Holders with effect from the relevant Interest Determination Date as from the 
effectiveness of such notice. 
(ii) If a Replacement Offered Interest Rate referred to in § 4(2)(b)(i) is not available, the Issuer, after 
consultation with the Independent Advisor (as defined below), will determine the Alternative Offered 
Interest Rate (as defined below) and any Alternative Adjustment Spread (as defined below). In such 
case, the Offered Interest Rate for the Interest Period following the Interest Determination Date and 
each subsequent Interest Period (unless a new Benchmark Event occurs thereafter) shall be the 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate, adjusted, if necessary, by any Alternative Adjustment Spread. The 
Issuer will inform the Calculation Agent thereof and shall, in accordance with § 14, notify the 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate, any Alternative Adjustment Spread and the Adjustments (as defined 
below) and all of these determinations (as well as any amendment of the Interest Determination Date 
if so determined) shall become binding on the Issuer and the Holders with effect from the relevant 
Interest Determination Date as from the effectiveness of such notice. 
 
[In case the specific fallback provision "Reference Rate for the preceding Interest Period" shall apply, 
the following applies: 
(iii) If, by the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, neither a Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate has been identified pursuant to § 4(2)(b)(i) nor an Alternative Offered Interest 
Rate has been determined pursuant to § 4(2)(b)(ii) above, the Offered Interest Rate for the Interest 
Period following the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the Offered Interest Rate for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If the Offered Interest Rate is applied pursuant to this 
§ 4(2)(b)(iii), § 4(2)(b) shall be applied again for the determination of the Offered Interest Rate for the 
next subsequent Interest Period. 
 
For the purposes of sentence 1 of this § 4(2)(b)(iii) and determining whether, by the fifth Business 
Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, a Replacement Offered Interest Rate has been 
identified pursuant to § 4(2)(b)(i) or an Alternative Offered Interest Rate has been determined 
pursuant to § 4(2)(b)(ii), it will be irrelevant whether the respective notices in accordance with § 14 
have already been given or not.] 
[(iii)][(iv)] 
Certain definitions: 
Benchmark Event means with respect to the Offered Interest Rate one of the following events:  
(i) the Offered Interest Rate has not been published on the Screen Page during the last ten Business 
Days prior to and including the relevant Interest Determination Date; or  
(ii)  the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by, or, as the case may be, determinable based 
upon the public announcement by, the administrator of the Offered Interest Rate, the regulatory 
supervisor responsible for the administrator or the central bank responsible for the Specified 
Currency that the administrator of the Offered Interest Rate has suspended or will suspend 
permanently or indefinitely the Offered Interest Rate, its calculation and/or publication (if at the 
time of such announcement no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue the 
calculation and/or publication of the Offered Interest Rate); or  
(iii)  the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by, or, as the case may be, determinable based 
upon the public announcement by, the administrator of the Offered Interest Rate, the regulatory 
supervisor responsible for the administrator or the central bank responsible for the Specified 
Currency that there will be a material change in the methodology of determining the Offered 
Interest Rate; or  
(iv) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by, or, as the case may be, determinable based 
upon the public announcement by the administrator of the Offered Interest Rate, by the regulatory 
supervisor responsible for the administrator or by the central bank responsible for the Specified 
Currency that the use of the Offered Interest Rate is generally prohibited; or 
(v) the publication by the Issuer of a notice pursuant to § 14 that the use of the Offered Interest Rate 
to calculate the Interest Rate has become unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Replacement Offered Interest Rate means a successor or replacement of the Offered Interest Rate 
officially recommended by the Nominating Body (as defined below). 
Adjustment Spread means the difference (positive or negative) or the result of the application of a 
formula or methodology to determine such difference that is recommended by the Nominating Body 
in connection with the replacement of the Offered Interest Rate by the Replacement Offered Interest 
Rate. 
Adjustments means the amendments to the Terms and Conditions (i) in the case of a Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate, as determined by the Issuer, and (ii) in the case of an Alternative Offered 
Interest Rate, as determined by the Issuer after consultation with the Independent Advisor, being 
necessary to ensure the proper application of the Replacement Offered Interest Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread or the proper application of the Alternative Offered Interest Rate and the 
Alternative Adjustment Spread. The Adjustments may extend to, inter alia, provisions relating to the 
applicable Business Day Convention, the definitions of the terms “Screen Page”, “Substitute Screen 
Page”, “Business Day”, “Interest Payment Date”, “Interest Period”, “Day Count Fraction” and/or 
“Interest Determination Date” (including the determination of whether the Offered Interest Rate is 
determined on a forward looking or backward looking basis) and any methodology or definition for 
obtaining or calculating the Replacement Offered Interest Rate or the Alternative Offered Interest 
Rate. 
Nominating Body means (1) the central bank for the currency in which the Offered Interest Rate is 
presented or a central bank or other regulatory supervisor responsible for the supervision of the 
administrator of the Offered Interest Rate; or (2) any working group or committee assisted, co-chaired 
or endorsed by (a) the central bank for the currency in which the Offered Interest Rate is 
denominated, (b) any central bank or other regulatory supervisor responsible for the supervision of the 
administrator of the Offered Interest Rate, (c) any group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
regulatory supervisors, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Independent Advisor means an independent financial institution of international reputation or another 
independent financial advisor with experience in international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer. The Issuer shall employ reasonable efforts to effect the appointment of an Independent 
Advisor on commercially reasonable terms; if no such appointment is possible, the function of the 
Independent Advisor under these conditions shall be omitted. 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate means a publicly available alternative offered interest rate quotation 
that is intended to allow financial instruments or contracts, such as, but not limited to, debt securities, 
to use such alternative offered interest rate quotation for determining floating rates of interest (or 
related interest components) in the Specified Currency. 
Alternative Adjustment Spread means the difference (which may be positive or negative) or the result 
of the application of a formula or methodology for calculating such a difference to be applied to the 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate as determined by the Issuer after consultation with the Independent 
Advisor, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably possible, any shift in the economic value 
between the Issuer and the Holders which would arise without such adjustment as a result of the 
replacement of the Offered Interest Rate by the Alternative Offered Interest Rate (including, but not 
limited to, that the Alternative Offered Interest Rate is a risk-free rate). 
Offered Interest Rate means the offered quotation specified in the Final Terms and, following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the relevant Replacement Offered Interest Rate or, as applicable, 
the relevant Alternative Offered Interest Rate or, as applicable, the Offered Interest Rate for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, as determined at the relevant time in accordance with this 
§ 4(2).] 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the Specified Currency is €STR, the following applies: 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for each Interest Period will, except as provided below [in case 
of Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest the following applies: or in § 4(3)], be the 
[in case of the reference rate Compounded Daily €STR, the following applies: Compounded Daily 
€STR] [in case of the reference rate Compounded €STR Index, the following applies: Compounded 
€STR Index] determined on the Interest Determination Date [in the case that a margin is applicable to

--- Page 97 ---
97 
the Rate of Interest, the following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Interest Period means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Determination Date means in respect of any Interest Period the [number] TARGET Business 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period (or the date falling [number] 
TARGET Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
For that purpose, TARGET Business Day or TBD means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system (TARGET2) 
is open. 
[In the case that a margin is applicable to the Rate of Interest, the following applies:  
Margin means [percentage] per cent. per annum.] 
Website means the website of the European Central Bank or any successor website officially designated 
by the European Central Bank or any successor administrator, as the case may be, on which the €STR (as 
defined below) is published. 
[In the case of the reference rate Compounded Daily €STR, the following is applicable: 
Compounded Daily €STR means in respect of any Interest Period the compound rate of return on an 
overnight deposit (with the daily Euro Short-Term Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, pursuant to 
the following formula, rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
   1 +
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
 −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Determination Period; 
d0 means the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Determination Period; 
STR Reference Rate means in respect of any TARGET Business Day (TBDx) a reference rate equal to the 
daily Euro short term rate (€STR) for such TBDx as published by the administrator of €STR at or around 
[9:00 a.m.] [●] (Frankfurt time) on the Website on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TBDx; 
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Determination 
Period the €STR Reference Rate for [in the case of Lag method the following applies: the TARGET 
Business Day falling "p" TARGET-Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET-Business Day "i"] [in 
the case of Shift method the following applies: that TARGET Business Day "i"]; 
Determination Period means [in the case of Shift method the following applies: Observation Period] 
[in the case of Lag method the following applies: Interest Period]; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant TARGET Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Determination Period; 
ni for any TARGET Business Day "i" means the number of calendar days from and including such day "i" 
up to but excluding the following TARGET Business Day; and 
p means [number of TARGET Business Days]1. 
 
1  
Shall not be less than five TARGET Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
[In the case of Shift method the following applies: Observation Period means in respect of any Interest 
Period the period from and including the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable).]] 
[In the case of the Reference Rate Compounded €STR Index, the following applies: 
Compounded €STR Index means in respect of any Interest Period the compound rate of return on an 
overnight deposit (with the daily Euro Short-Term Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, pursuant to 
the following formula, rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1 𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days from, and including, €STR IndexStart to, but excluding, €STR 
IndexEnd; 
€STR IndexEnd means the €STR Compounded Index Value on the day which is [five] [●] TARGET 
Business Days2 preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to the relevant Interest Period (or if the Notes 
are redeemed early, the date falling [five] [●] TARGET Business Day3 prior to the date fixed for 
redemption) (the Index Determination DateEnd); 
€STR IndexStart means the €STR Compounded Index Value on the day which is [five] [●] TARGET 
Business Days4 preceding the first day of the relevant Interest Period (an Index Determination DateStart 
and, together with the Index Determination DateEnd, each an Index Determination Date); and 
€STR Compounded Index Value means in respect of an Index Determination Date the value published as 
€STR Compounded Index Value by the administrator of the €STR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor from time to time at [9:15 a.m.][●] (Frankfurt time) on such Index Determination Date. 
If, in respect of any Index Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the €STR 
Compounded Index Value is not available or has not otherwise been published or displayed by the 
administrator of the €STR Reference Rate or by another information vendor, as the case may be, the 
Compounded €STR Index for such Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula, rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
   1 +
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
 −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 𝑥360
𝑑
 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of any TARGET Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation Period, 
the €STR Reference Rate for that TARGET Business Day "i"; 
€STR Reference Rate means in respect of any TARGET Business Day (TBDx) a reference rate equal to 
the daily Euro short term rate (€STR) for such TBDx as published by the administrator of €STR at or 
 
2  
Shall not be less than five TARGET Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
3  
Shall not be less than five TARGET Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
4  
Shall not be less than five TARGET Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
around [9:00 a.m.] [●] (Frankfurt time) on the Website on the TARGET Business Day immediately 
following such TBDx; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant TARGET Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
ni for any TARGET Business Day "i" means the number of calendar days from and including such day "i" 
up to but excluding the following TARGET Business Day; and 
p means [number of TARGET Business Days]5. 
Observation Period means in respect of any Interest Period the period from and including the date falling 
"p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).] 
(b) If the €STR Reference Rate is not made available on a TARGET Business Day as described in 
subparagraph (a) above and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate for such TARGET Business Day shall be equal to 
the €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website. 
(c) If the €STR Reference Rate is not made available on a TARGET Business Day as described in 
subparagraph (a) above and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the rate (including any interest 
rate spreads or interest rate adjustments) recommended as a substitute for the €STR by the European 
Central Bank or by a committee officially established or convened by the European Central Bank for the 
purpose of recommending a substitute for the €STR (as such substitute for the €STR may be determined 
by the European Central Bank or any other administrator appointed therefor). 
(d) In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by 
the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(e) For purposes of subparagraphs (b) through (d) above, the following definitions apply: 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i)  a public statement by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
provide €STR; or 
(ii)  the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR. 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means in respect of a €STR Index Cessation Event the date on 
which the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) ceases to publish €STR, or 
the date of which €STR may no longer be used.] 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the Specified Currency is SOFR, the following applies: 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for each Interest Period will, except as provided below [in case 
of Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest the following applies: or in § 4(3)], be the 
[in case of the reference rate Compounded Daily SOFR, the following applies: Compounded Daily 
 
5  
Shall not be less than five TARGET Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
SOFR] [in case of the reference rate Compounded SOFR Index, the following applies: Compounded 
SOFR Index] determined on the Interest Determination Date [in the case that a margin is applicable to 
the Rate of Interest, the following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Interest Period means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Determination Date means in respect of any Interest Period the [number] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period (or the date 
falling [number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable). For that purpose, U.S. Government Securities Business Day or 
USBD means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
[In the case that a margin is applicable to the Rate of Interest, the following applies:  
Margin means [percentage] per cent. per annum.] 
Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor website officially 
designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor administrator, as the case may be, 
on which the SOFR (as defined below) is published. 
[In the case of the reference rate Compounded Daily SOFR, the following is applicable: 
Compounded Daily SOFR means in respect of any Interest Period the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily US Dollar Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula, rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
  (1 +
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Determination Period; 
d0 means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Determination Period; 
Determination Period means [in the case of Shift method the following applies: Observation Period] 
[in the case of Lag method the following applies: Interest Period]; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Determination Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" means the number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
p means [number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days]6; and 
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Determination Period the SOFR Reference Rate for [in the case of Lag method the following applies: 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"] [in the case of Shift method the following 
applies: that U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"]; 
 
6  
Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
SOFR Reference Rate means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx) a 
reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) for such USBDx as published 
by the administrator, Federal Reserve Bank of New York, of SOFR until [3:00 p.m.] [●] (New York City 
time) on the Website on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx; and 
[In the case of Shift method the following applies: Observation Period means in respect of any Interest 
Period the period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable).]] 
[In the case of the Reference Rate Compounded SOFR Index, the following applies: 
Compounded SOFR Index means in respect of any Interest Period the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily US Dollar overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula, rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1 𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days from, and including, SOFR IndexStart to, but excluding, SOFR 
IndexEnd; 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Compounded Index Value on the day which is [five] [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 7 preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to the relevant 
Interest Period (or if the Notes are redeemed early, the date falling [five] [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business8 prior to the date fixed for redemption) (the Index Determination DateEnd); 
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Compounded Index Value on the day which is [five] [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days9 preceding the first day of the relevant Interest Period (an Index 
Determination DateStart and, together with the Index Determination DateEnd, each an Index 
Determination Date); and 
SOFR Compounded Index Value means in respect of an Index Determination Date the value published as 
SOFR Compounded Index Value by the administrator of the SOFR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor from time to time at [3:00 p.m.] [●] (New York City time) on such Index 
Determination Date. 
If, in respect of any Index Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value is not available or has not otherwise been published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SOFR Reference Rate or by another information vendor, as the case may be, the 
Compounded SOFR Index for such Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula, rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
  (1 +
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
 
7  
Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
8  
Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
9  
Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" means the number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
p means [number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days]10;  
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period the SOFR Reference Rate for that U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; 
SOFR Reference Rate means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx) a 
reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) for such USBDx as published 
by the administrator of SOFR until [3:00 p.m.] [●] (New York City time) on the Website on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such USBDx; and 
Observation Period means in respect of any Interest Period the period from and including the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable).] 
(b) If the SOFR Reference Rate is not made available on a U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
described in subparagraph (a) above and unless both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the SOFR Reference Rate for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day shall be equal to the SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which such rate was published on the Website. 
(c) If the SOFR Reference Rate is not made available on a U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
described in subparagraph (a) above and both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the rate (including 
any interest rate spreads or interest rate adjustments) recommended as a substitute for the SOFR by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or by a committee officially 
established or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for 
the purpose of recommending a substitute for the SOFR (as such substitute for the SOFR may be 
determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any other administrator appointed therefor). 
(d) If no such rate has been recommended as described in paragraph (c) above within one U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Event, then the Rate of Interest will be determined 
by applying the above provisions mutatis mutandis as if for each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date: 
(i)  references to "SOFR" were references to the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate (OBFR) as 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on its website until 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on each 
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York City (New York 
City Business Day) in respect of the New York City Business Day immediately preceding such day 
(OBFR Reference Rate); 
(ii)  references to "U.S. Government Securities Business Day" were references to "New York City 
Business Day"; 
(iii)  references to "SOFR Index Cessation Event" were references to "OBFR Index Cessation Event";  
 
10  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(iv)  references to "SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" were references to "OBFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date", and 
(v)  references to the "Website" were references to the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
or any successor website officially designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor administrator, as the case may be, on which the OBFR is published. 
(e) If no such rate has been recommended as described in paragraph (c) above within one U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation Event has 
occurred, then the Rate of Interest will be determined by applying the above provisions mutatis mutandis 
as if, for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day occurring on or after the later of the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date and the OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date: 
(i)  references to the "SOFR Reference Rate" were references to the short-term interest rate target set by 
the Federal Open Market Committee and published on the website of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System or any successor website of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the 
short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published on the 
website of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any successor website of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper 
bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target range, rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest second decimal place, 0.005 being rounded upwards); 
(ii)  references to "U.S. Government Securities Business Day" were references to the website of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any successor website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and 
(iii)  references to the "Website" were references to the website of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System or any successor website officially designated by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System or any successor administrator, as the case may be, on which the short-term 
interest rate target is published. 
(f) In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by 
the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(g) For purposes of subparagraphs (b) through (f) above, the following definitions shall apply: 
SOFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i)  a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
SOFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide SOFR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide SOFR; or 
(ii)  the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or any successor administrator of SOFR) has ceased or will cease to provide SOFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide SOFR; or 
(iii)  a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of SOFR 
that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions. 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date means in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event the date on 
which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of SOFR), ceases to 
publish SOFR, or the date as of which SOFR may no longer be used. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i)  a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely,

--- Page 104 ---
104 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(ii)  the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or any successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide OBFR; or 
(iii)  a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR 
that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date means in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event the date on 
which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of OBFR), ceases to 
publish OBFR, or the date as of which OBFR may no longer be used.] 
[In case of a Minimum Rate of Interest the following applies: 
(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
[In case of a Maximum Rate of Interest the following applies: 
(3)  Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
[(3)][(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Notes in respect of the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the Specified 
Denomination and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such 
unit being rounded upwards. 
[(4)][(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, the 
Guarantor] and to the Holders in accordance with § 14 as soon as possible after their determination, but in no 
event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than [in case of a EURIBOR the following applies: the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period] [in case of a €STR and SOFR the following applies: the last [TARGET] [U.S. 
Government Securities] Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date]. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed and 
to the Holders in accordance with § 14. 
[(5)][(6)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 4 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, [in the case of Notes 
issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: the Guarantor,] the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Holders. 
[(6)][(7)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the day preceding the day on 
which they are due for redemption. If the Issuer for any reason fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall continue to accrue at the default rate of interest established by law11on the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount from (and including) the due date until (but excluding) the day on which such redemption is 
made to the Holders. 
 
11  The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 105 ---
105 
[(7)][(8)] Day Count Fraction. Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) the following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365).]  
[In case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365.]  
[In case of Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360.]  
§ 5  
PAYMENTS 
(1) Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall be made, subject 
to subparagraph (2) below, to the Paying Agent for forwarding to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
[In case of interest payable on a Temporary Global Note the following applies: Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing 
System or (if applicable) to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor] shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, Payment Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System is operating and 
[In case the Notes are not denominated in euro the following applies: on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Relevant Financial Centre(s).]  
[In case TARGET shall be open the following applies: all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (TARGET2) are operational to effect payments.] 
[In case the Notes are not denominated in euro the following applies: 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) means [●].] 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the following applies: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] the Early Put Redemption Amount of the Notes; and any premium and any 
other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § 8. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though 
such Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected 
and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
§ 6  
REDEMPTION 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Interest Payment Date falling in [Redemption 
Month] (the Maturity Date). The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be its principal 
amount. 
(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in respect of the Issuer [in the case 
of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as applicable, the Guarantor] affecting taxation 
or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change becomes effective on or after the date on 
which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or 
CRoA the following applies: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] is required to pay Additional Amounts on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable 
measures available to the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor], the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the 
Issuer, at any time upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 14 to the Holders, at the principal amount together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest 
Payment Date. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor] would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
was then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does 
not remain in effect.  
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 14. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 6(2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent an Officers' Certificate, stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and an Opinion of Counsel of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer [in the 
case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] has or 
will become obliged to pay such Additional Amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Officers’ Certificate means a certificate signed by two members of the management board (Vorstand) of 
Continental AG, one of whom shall be Continental AG’s chief financial officer.  
Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion from legal counsel. The counsel may be an employee of or 
counsel to Continental AG. 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control. 
(a) If a Change of Control occurs, each Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, to require the Issuer 
to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) in whole or in part his Notes at 
the Early Put Redemption Amount (the Put Option). Such Put Option shall operate as set out below under 
§ 6(3) (b)-(c). 
Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies or the Guarantor] 
becomes aware that any Person or group of Persons acting in concert within the meaning of § 2(5) of 
the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz, 
WpÜG) has become the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting rights of 
Continental AG; or 
(ii) the merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other combination of Continental AG with or into any 
Person or the merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other combination of any Person with or into

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Continental AG, or the sale, assignment, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or 
substantially all of the assets (determined on a consolidated basis) of Continental AG to any Person, 
in each case if as a result of any such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other combination or 
such sale, assignment, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition any Person or group of Persons 
acting in concert within the meaning of § 2(5) of the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover 
Act becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting rights of Continental 
AG; or 
(iii) the sale, assignment, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the 
assets (determined on a consolidated basis) of Continental AG to any Person (other than a member of 
the Continental Group). 
Early Put Redemption Amount means for each Note [percentage of principal amount]% of the principal 
amount of such Note, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Put Date. 
(b) If a Change of Control occurs, then the Issuer shall, without undue delay, after becoming aware thereof, 
give notice of the Change of Control (a Put Event Notice) to the Holders in accordance with § 14 
specifying the nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the Put Option contained 
in this § 6(3) (including the information on the Clearing System account of the Paying Agent for purposes 
of subparagraph (c)(ii)(x) of this § 6(3)). 
(c) To exercise the Put Option, the Holder must deliver on any Business Day within 30 days after a Put Event 
Notice has been published (the Put Period) (i) to the Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed 
notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and (ii) the 
aggregate Specified Denomination of Notes for which the Holder wishes to exercise its Put Option either 
(x) by transferring such Notes to the Clearing System account of the Paying Agent or (y) by giving an 
irrevocable instruction to the Paying Agent to withdraw such Notes from a securities account of the 
Holder with the Paying Agent. The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase 
of) the relevant Note(s) on the date (the Put Date) seven days after the expiration of the Put Period unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be 
made in accordance with the customary procedures through the Clearing System. A Put Notice, once 
given, shall be irrevocable. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding Principal Amount, the following applies: 
(4) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount. If 80 per 
cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased by 
Continental AG or any other member of the Continental Group, the Issuer may at any time upon not less than 
30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 14, to the Holders redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes (except for any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under § 6(3)) in whole 
but not in part, at their principal amount plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event, the following applies: 
[(4)][(5)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event. If a 
Benchmark Event has occurred and it is not possible, in the Issuer’s opinion, to determine a Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate in accordance with § 4(2)(b) or an Alternative Offered Interest Rate in accordance with 
§ 4(2)(b), the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders, redeem, at its option, 
all of the Notes at their principal amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (excluding).] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a €STR 
Index Cessation Event and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, the following applies:  
[(4)][(5)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a €STR Index Cessation Event 
and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date. If a €STR Index Cessation Event and a €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred and the Rate of Interest shall be determined in accordance with § 4(2)(d), the 
Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Holders, redeem, at its option, all of the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Notes at their principal amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(excluding).] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date, the following applies:  
[(4)][(5)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessation Event 
and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date. If a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred and the Rate of Interest shall be determined in accordance with § 4(2)(f), the 
Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Holders, redeem, at its option, all of the 
Notes at their principal amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(excluding).] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, 
the following applies: 
[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount. The Issuer may at 
any time, upon not less than 60 days' nor more than 90 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal 
Agent and to the Holders in accordance with § 14, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes in whole but not 
in part, [in case of Call Redemption Date(s) the following applies: on the following Call Redemption 
Date(s)] [in case of Call Redemption Period(s) the following applies: within the following Call Redemption 
Period(s)] at the following Call Redemption Amount(s), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the 
redemption date: 
Call Redemption [Date] [Period] 
Call Redemption Amount 
[Call 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
or, 
as 
applicable, Call Redemption Period(s)] 
[Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
This redemption is subject to the right of Holders to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date falling on or 
prior to the redemption date.] 
§ 7  
PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Paying Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the initial Calculation Agent and 
their initial specified offices shall be: 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: 
 
Citibank Europe plc  
 
 
 
 
 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
 
 
Ireland 
 
Calculation Agent: 
 
 
[●] 
The Paying Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change their 
specified offices to some other office in the same city. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Paying Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Paying 
Agent, additional or other paying agents, another Fiscal Agent or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Paying Agent [in case of payments in U.S. dollars the following applies: (whereas, if 
payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the USA become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt 
of such amounts in U.S. dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City)], a Fiscal Agent and 
a Calculation Agent. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof has been given to the Holders in accordance with § 14.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Paying Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent, and any other paying agent 
appointed pursuant to subsection (2) act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. The Paying Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Calculation Agent and any other agent appointed pursuant to subsection (2) shall have such obligations and 
only such obligations as are expressly contained in the Agency Agreement and these Terms and Conditions. 
 
Agency Agreement means the agency agreement between Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance B.V., 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp., Citibank Europe plc as Fiscal Agent and the other parties named 
therein. 
§ 8  
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the 
following applies;, and the Guarantee shall provide that all amounts payable in respect of the Guarantee shall be 
made,] without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied at source by way of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of any jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor, as applicable,] 
is organized, engaged in business, resident for tax purposes or generally subject to tax on a net income basis or 
through or from which payment on the Notes [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following 
applies: or the Guarantee, as applicable,] is made or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (each, a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. If such withholding with respect to amounts payable in respect of the Notes is required by law, the Issuer will 
pay [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, and the Guarantee shall provide that, if 
such withholding with respect to amounts payable in respect of the Guarantee is required by law, the Guarantor 
will pay,] such additional amounts (the Additional Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would 
otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) are payable by any Person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise 
in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor, as applicable,] from payments of 
principal or interest made by it, or 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business connection with the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction and not merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes [in 
the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantee, as applicable,] are, 
or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction, or 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning the 
taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to 
which the Federal Republic of Germany [in case of Notes issued by CGF the following applies: or the 
Kingdom of The Netherlands] or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or 
(d) would not have been imposed or withheld but for the failure of the Holder or beneficial owner of Notes 
(including, for these purposes, any financial institution through which the Holder or beneficial owner 
holds the Notes or through which payment on the Notes is made), following a request at least in text form 
(section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) by or on behalf of the Issuer [in the 
case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] or a Paying Agent 
addressed to the Holder or beneficial owner (and made at a time that would enable the Holder or 
beneficial owner acting reasonably to comply with that request, and in all events, at least 30 days before 
any withholding or deduction would be required), to comply with any certification, identification, 
information or other reporting requirement whether required by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, that is a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the 
rate of deduction or withholding of, Taxes imposed by the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (including, 
without limitation, a certification that the Holder or beneficial owner is not resident in the Relevant Taxing

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Jurisdiction), but in each case, only to the extent the Holder or beneficial owner is legally entitled to 
provide such certification, information or documentation, or 
(e) are required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), any current or future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, or 
(f) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the relevant 
payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with § 14, 
whichever occurs later, or 
(g) are payable by reason of the Holder (or beneficiary or other recipient of a payment under the Notes [in the 
case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantee, as applicable]) being 
resident in a non-cooperative territory (nicht kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the meaning of the 
German Law to prevent Tax Avoidance and Unfair Tax Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb), as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted based on this law), or  
(h) any combinations of items (a)-(g), 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is a fiduciary or 
partnership or who is someone otherwise not the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such payment 
would be required by the laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the income, for tax purposes, 
of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner who 
would not have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial 
owner been the Holder of the Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of 
Germany at the level of the custodian bank and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon 
pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date do not constitute a tax or duty as described above in respect of 
which Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the 
following applies: or the Guarantor]. 
§ 9  
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 10  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Events of default. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, each Holder shall be entitled to declare due 
and payable by submitting a Termination Notice pursuant to § 10(3) to the Fiscal Agent its entire claims 
arising from the Notes and, subject to § 10(2), demand immediate redemption thereof at the principal amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment. Each of the following is an 
Event of Default: 
(a) Non-Payment of Principal. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
or, failing which, the Guarantor] fails to pay principal due on the Notes within 30 days of the relevant due 
date therefore; or 
(b) Non-Payment of Interest. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
or, failing which, the Guarantor] fails to pay interest due on the Notes within 30 days of the relevant due 
date therefore; or 
(c) Breach of other Obligation. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
or the Guarantor] fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes [in case of Notes 
issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantee, as the case may be,] and such failure,

--- Page 111 ---
111 
if capable of remedy, continues unremedied for more than 30 Business Days after the Fiscal Agent 
receiving notice thereof from a Holder and delivering such notice to the Issuer; or 
(d) Cessation of Payment. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, the 
Guarantor] or a Significant Subsidiary announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments generally; or 
(e) Insolvency etc. [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: A Continental 
Insolvency Event occurs or a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or a Significant 
Subsidiary or the Issuer or a Significant Subsidiary applies for or institutes such proceedings, or a third 
party applies for insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or a Significant Subsidiary and such 
proceedings are not discharged or stayed within 30 days] [in case of Notes issued by Continental AG the 
following applies: A Continental Insolvency Event occurs or a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against a Significant Subsidiary or a Significant Subsidiary applies for or institutes such proceedings, or a 
third party applies for insolvency proceedings against a Significant Subsidiary and such proceedings are 
not discharged or stayed within 30 days].  
 
Continental Insolvency Event means the appointment of a preliminary or final administrator in respect of 
Continental AG (including, without limitation, the making of an application for the opening of 
proceedings for the reasons set out in Sections 17 to 19 of the German Insolvency Code (Antrag auf 
Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens) by the management of Continental AG or a creditor of Continental 
AG, excluding any application by a third party which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or 
dismissed within 30 days of application; or 
(f) Liquidation. The Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, the 
Guarantor] or a Significant Subsidiary enters into liquidation (except in connection with a merger or other 
form of combination with another company or in connection with a reconstruction and such other or new 
company or, as the case may be, companies effectively assume substantially all of the assets and liabilities 
of the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, the Guarantor] or the 
Significant Subsidiary); or 
(g) Cross-Default. (x) Any Capital Markets Indebtedness of any member of the Continental Group (in each 
case other than under the Notes) becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity (whether by 
declaration, automatic acceleration or otherwise) as a result of an event of default (however described), or 
(y) any Capital Markets Indebtedness of any member of the Continental Group (in each case other than 
under the Notes) is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, provided, 
however, that no Event of Default will occur under this subparagraph (g) if the aggregate amount of 
Capital Markets Indebtedness falling within (x) or (y) above is less than EUR 100,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in the applicable currency) [; or][.] 
[in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
(h) Guarantee. (A) The Guarantee is by judicial decision declared to be unenforceable or invalid or ceases for 
any reason to be in full force and effect or (B) the Guarantor, or anyone acting on behalf of the Guarantor, 
denies or disaffirms its obligations under its Guarantee.] 
(2) Quorum. If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in § 10(1)(d), with respect to the 
Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor], or § 10(1)(e), 
with respect to the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the 
Guarantor]) occurs and is continuing, any Termination Notices from Holders shall, unless at the time such 
Termination Notice is received, any of the events specified in § 10(1)(a) to § 10(1)(c) or § 10(1)(f) to 
§ 10(1)[(g)][(h)] entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, only become effective if and when 
the Fiscal Agent has received Termination Notices with respect to at least 10% in aggregate principal amount 
of the then outstanding Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall have no duty to make any 
notification towards the Holders if and when it has received Termination Notices with respect to at least 10% 
in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. 
(3) Termination Notices. Any notice by a Holder to terminate its Notes in accordance with § 10(1) and § 10(2) (a 
Termination Notice) shall be made at least in text form (section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in the German or English language, together with 
evidence by means of a certificate of the Holder's Custodian (as defined in § 16(3)) that such Holder, at the 
time of such Termination Notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(4) No Termination. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. No event or circumstance other than an event or circumstance specified in § 10(1) 
shall entitle Holders to declare their Notes due and payable prior to their stated maturity save as expressly 
provided for in these Terms and Conditions and subject to applicable mandatory law. 
§ 11  
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on 
any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA 
the following applies: Continental AG or] any Subsidiary of Continental AG as principal debtor in respect of 
all obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the Substitute Debtor) provided that: 
(a) the Substitute Debtor, in a manner legally effective, assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor [in case of Notes issued by Continental AG the following applies: and the Issuer] 
[in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(provided that the Guarantor is not the Substitute Debtor)] have obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the 
following applies: and for the issue by the Guarantor (provided that the Guarantor is not the Substitute 
Debtor) of a Substitution Guarantee], that the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary governmental 
and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the Substitute Debtor of its obligations 
under the Notes and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and that the 
obligations assumed by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes [in case of Notes issued by CGF or 
CRoA the following applies: and the obligations assumed by the Guarantor (provided that the Guarantor 
is not the Substitute Debtor)] under its Substitution Guarantee are, in each case, valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Holder; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor can transfer to the Paying Agent in the currency required and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in 
which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following 
applies: or the Guarantor (provided that the Guarantor is not the Substitute Debtor)] has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(d) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder in respect of such substitution;  
[in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:  
(e) the Guarantor (provided that the Guarantor is not the Substitute Debtor) declares that its Guarantee shall 
with respect to the Notes also apply to the Substitute Debtor (each such declaration a Substitution 
Guarantee);] 
[in case of Notes issued by Continental AG the following applies: 
(e) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment of all sums 
payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes;] and 
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to an agent appointed for that purpose one Opinion of Counsel (as defined 
in § 6(2)) for each jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a) 
to (e) above have been satisfied. 
(2) Notice. Any substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this § 11 and the date of effectiveness of such substitution 
shall be published in accordance with § 14. 
(3) Change of References. Upon effectiveness of the substitution any reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction with respect to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction with respect to the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following 
shall apply:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
(a) If the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction of the Substitute Debtor does not include the Federal Republic of 
Germany, in § 8 and § 6(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed 
to have been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction of the Substitute Debtor. 
[in case of Notes issued by Continental AG the following applies: 
(b) In § 10, a further Event of Default shall be deemed to have been included; such Event of Default shall 
exist in the case that (A) the guarantee pursuant to § 11(1)(e) is by judicial decision declared to be 
unenforceable or invalid or ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect or (B) the guarantor 
pursuant to § 11(1)(e), or anyone acting on behalf of such guarantor, denies or disaffirms its obligations 
under such guarantee.] 
[in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
(b) § 10(1)(i) shall be deemed to be amended to the effect that it shall be an Event of Default if a Substitution 
Guarantee ceases to be valid or binding on or enforceable against the Guarantor (provided that the 
Guarantor is not itself the Substitute Debtor).] 
(4) Release from Obligations. Upon effective substitution of the Issuer as set forth in this § 11, the Issuer shall be 
released from any obligation arising from or in connection with the Notes. 
(5) Further Substitution. At any time after a substitution pursuant to paragraph (1) above, the Substitute Debtor 
may, without the consent of the Holders, effect a further substitution for itself by Continental AG (provided 
that the Substitute Debtor is not itself Continental AG) or any Subsidiary of Continental AG provided that all 
the provisions specified in paragraphs (1) to (4) above shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and, without limitation, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or 
include references to any such further Substitute Debtor [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the 
following applies: ; provided that in no event shall any substitution under this § 11 have the effect of releasing 
the Guarantor from any of its obligations under its Guarantee]. 
§ 12  
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Relevant 
Issue Date, interest commencement date and/or the issue price) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
 
Relevant Issue Date means the date on which any tranche of Notes is first issued; with respect to the first 
tranche of Notes originally issued on the Issue Date, the Relevant Issue Date shall be the Issue Date. 
(2) Purchases. Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following 
applies: and the Guarantor] may (directly or through a subsidiary) at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the Guarantor], be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 13  
AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, HOLDERS’ 
REPRESENTATIVE [In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: ; AMENDMENT OF 
THE GUARANTEE] 
(1) Majority resolutions pursuant to the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities. The Holders may with consent 
of the Issuer (if required) by a majority resolution pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues 
of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) (the SchVG), as amended 
from time to time, agree to amendments of the Terms and Conditions or resolve any other matters provided for 
by the SchVG. In particular, the Holders may consent to amendments which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, including such measures as provided for under section 5 paragraph 3 SchVG by 
resolutions passed by such majority of the votes of the Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all Holders.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
Resolutions which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of 
section 5 paragraph 3 numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to material other matters may only be passed by 
a majority of at least [percentage]% of the voting rights participating in the vote (a Qualified Majority). 
(3) Passing of resolutions. The Holders can pass resolutions in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 and sections 5 et seqq. of the SchVG.  
(4) Meeting. Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated in the convening notice no later than the third day preceding 
the meeting. As part of the registration, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote by 
means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 15(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form 
and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such registration has been sent until and including the stated end of the 
meeting.  
(5) Vote without a meeting. Together with casting their votes Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 15(3)(i)(a) 
and (b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and including the day such votes have been cast until and including 
the day the voting period ends.  
(6) Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote 
without a meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a meeting the chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a second 
meeting in accordance with section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote without a 
meeting the scrutineer (Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second meeting within the meaning of section 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the second meeting and exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the Holders' registration. The provisions set out in § 13(4) sentence 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the Holders’ registration for a second meeting.  
(7) Holders' representative. [If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes the following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal 
of a joint representative (the Holders' Representative), the duties and responsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of the rights of the Holders to the Holders' Representative and a limitation 
of liability of the Holders' Representative. § 13 (2) to (6) also apply to the resolution regarding the 
appointment of a Holders' Representative. Appointment of a Holders' Representative may only be passed by a 
Qualified Majority if such Holders' Representative is to be authorised to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) 
hereof, to a material change in the substance of the Terms and Conditions or other material matters.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the following 
applies: The joint representative (the Holders' Representative) shall be [name, address]. The Holders' 
Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities and powers provided for by law. The liability of the 
Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times of the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with 
respect to the dismissal of the Holders' Representative and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.] 
(8) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
(9) The provisions set out above applicable to the amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall 
apply mutatis mutandis [in the case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA, the following applies: to the conditions 
of the Guarantee and] to the conditions of any guarantee granted in connection with a substitution of the Issuer. 
§ 14  
NOTICES 
(1) Subject to § 13(8), all notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). Any notice so given will be deemed to be validly given on the third calendar day following

--- Page 115 ---
115 
the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third calendar day following the date of 
the first such publication).  
[in case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: All notices 
concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic publication on the internet website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of such publication.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. [In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] [In case of Notes which are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: So long as any Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the Rate of 
Interest or if the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant 
notice to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication 
set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
fifth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] [In case of Notes which 
are listed on a Stock Exchange other than the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
following applies: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, provided 
that the rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
(3) Notification to the Issuer. Notices to be given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be made at least in text form 
(section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Such notice may be given by any Holder to the Fiscal Agent through the relevant Clearing System in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Clearing System may approve for such purpose.  
§ 15  
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, ENFORCEMENT AND JUDGMENT CURRENCY 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by German law, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific proceedings under the SchVG, the 
place of non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings in connection with the Notes shall 
be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by 
CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor], or to which such Holder and the Issuer [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] are parties, protect and enforce in 
his own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global form certified as being a 
true copy by a duly authorized officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without 
the need for production in such proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. 
For purposes of the foregoing, Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognized standing 
authorized to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
[In case of U.S. dollars as Specified Currency the following applies:  
(4) Judgment Currency. The sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] under or in connection with the

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Notes [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the Guarantee] is U.S. dollars. 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than U.S. dollar in respect of the Notes [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantee] (whether as a result of, or the 
enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer, [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: the Guarantor,] any Subsidiary or 
otherwise) by a Holder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer [in case of Notes issued 
by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] will constitute a discharge of the Issuer [in case of 
Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: or the Guarantor] only to the extent of the U.S. dollar 
amount which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency 
on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not possible to make that purchase on that date, on the first 
date on which it is possible to do so). If that U.S. dollar amount is less than the U.S. dollar amount expressed 
to be due to the recipient under the Notes [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: 
or the Guarantee], the Issuer [in case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the 
Guarantor] shall indemnify the recipient against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event the Issuer [in 
case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the Guarantor] shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this indemnity, it will be sufficient 
for the Holder to certify that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase of U.S. dollars been made 
with the amount so received in that other currency on the date of receipt or recovery (or, if a purchase of U.S. 
dollars on such date had not been practicable, on the first date on which it would have been practicable). These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations of the Issuer [in case 
of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies: and the Guarantor], will give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, will apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder (other than a waiver 
of the indemnities set out herein) and will continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, 
claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect to any sum due under any Note [in case of Notes issued by 
CGF or CRoA the following applies: , the Guarantee] or any other judgment or order.] 
[In case of Notes issued by CGF or CRoA the following applies:  
(5) Process Agent. The Issuer has appointed the Guarantor as its agent for service of process 
(Zustellungsbevollmächtigter) in relation to any proceedings before the German courts in connection with the 
Notes.] 
§ 16  
LANGUAGE 
[If the Conditions are to be in the German language with an English language translation, the following 
applies:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.]  
[If the Conditions are to be in the English language with a German language translation, the following 
applies:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a German language translation. 
The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided for convenience 
only.] 
[If the Conditions are to be in the English language only, the following applies:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
Die Emissionsbedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt. 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet.  
Option II umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und 
Erklärungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I oder Option II (einschließlich 
der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung findet, indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden 
Optionen verwiesen wird. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung dieses Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben 
hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt 
Platzhalter in eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
[Falls die auf eine einzelne Emission anwendbaren Optionen dadurch bestimmt werden, dass in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen auf die maßgeblichen Optionen verwiesen wird, die in dem jeweiligen Satz der 
Emissionsbedingungen für Option I oder Option II enthalten sind: 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(die 
Emissionsbedingungen) 
gelten 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen) vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben vervollständigt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Emissions-
bedingungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus 
diesen Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung 
erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin 
erhältlich; im Fall von nicht an einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden 
Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
OPTION I – Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
 
§ 1  
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungen) der [Continental 
AG][Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.][Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] ([Continental AG][CGF][CRoA] 
bzw. die Emittentin) wird am [Begebungstag] (der Begebungstag) in [Festgelegte Währung] (auch 
bezeichnet als [Symbol der Festgelegten Währung]) (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls 
die Globalurkunde eine New Global Note (NGN) ist, gilt Folgendes: (vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte 
Stückelung] (die Festgelegte Stückelung) begeben. 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, gilt Folgendes: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde bzw. die Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
Unterschriften zweier ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist von der 
Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den Festgelegten Stückelungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und zusammen mit der vorläufigen Globalurkunde die Globalurkunden) ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen jeweils die Unterschriften zweier ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und 
sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine US-
Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die Schuld-
verschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Für jede solche Zinszahlung ist eine gesonderte Bescheinigung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 1(3) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika geliefert werden.] 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende Globalurkunde wird so lange von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. Clearingsystem bezeichnet [bei mehr als einem Clearingsystem gilt 
Folgendes: jeweils]: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)][,][und] [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., Luxembourg (CBL)] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear)] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein ICSD 
und zusammen die ICSDs)]. [Falls das Clearing über CBF erfolgt, gilt Folgendes: Die Schuld-
verschreibungen sind durch entsprechende Depotbuchungen nach Maßgabe der anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
von CBF (Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn) und, außerhalb der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, der 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., (42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Luxemburg) und der Euroclear Bank

--- Page 119 ---
119 
SA/NV (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien) als Betreiberin des Euroclear Systems oder deren 
Funktionsnachfolgern übertragbar.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, gilt Folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer neuen Globalurkunde (New Global Note) (NGN) 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den 
Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit 
dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rückzahlungsrate oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Ankauf und Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über die 
Rückzahlung bzw. die Zahlung bzw. den Ankauf und die Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in 
den Registern der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in den 
Registern der ICSDs verzeichneten und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. angekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der 
Gesamtbetrag der gezahlten Rückzahlungsrate abgezogen wird. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils der Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs anteilig in die Register der ICSDs 
eintragen werden.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, gilt Folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer klassischen Globalurkunde (Classical Global Note) (CGN) 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. Gläubiger bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 2  
STATUS [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt  
Folgendes: ; GARANTIE] 
[(1) Status.] Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende 
gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(2) Garantie. Continental AG (die Garantin oder Continental AG) hat eine unbedingte und unwiderrufliche 
Garantie (die Garantie) für die ordnungsgemäße und pünktliche Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie von jeglichen sonstigen Beträgen, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbar 
sind, übernommen. Die Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten Dritter im Sinne des § 328 Abs. 1 BGB dar, 
der jedem Gläubiger das Recht gibt, die Erfüllung der in der Garantie übernommenen Verpflichtungen 
unmittelbar von der Garantin zu verlangen und unmittelbar gegen die Garantin durchzusetzen. Kopien der 
Garantie sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle erhältlich.] 
§ 3  
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
[(1) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin.] Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem der Emissionsstelle alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen,

--- Page 120 ---
120 
die gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen zahlbar sind, zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, keine 
Sicherungsrechte (dingliche Sicherheit) an allen oder Teilen ihrer derzeitigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögensgegenstände zur Besicherung von jeglichen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten zu begründen oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: und sicherzustellen, soweit rechtlich erlaubt, dass ihre Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften keine 
solchen Sicherungsrechte begründen oder fortbestehen lassen] (einschließlich jeglicher Garantien und 
Haftungsfreistellungen, die in dieser Hinsicht gegeben wurden), wenn nicht gleichzeitig die Gläubiger unter im 
Wesentlichen gleichen Bedingungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig an einer solchen dinglichen Sicherheit 
teilhaben. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
(i) Sicherheiten, die durch ein Mitglied aus dem Continental-Konzern an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen eines solchen Mitglieds gegen jedes andere Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns oder gegen Dritte 
aufgrund einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf durch die Emittentin von Wertpapieren bestehen, 
soweit diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen aus diesen ausgegebenen Wertpapieren dienen, 
(ii) Sicherheiten an Vermögensgegenständen, die bereits zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs des jeweiligen 
Vermögensgegenstandes durch ein Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns an solchen Vermögensgegenständen 
bestehen oder die an Vermögensgegenständen einer neu erworbenen Gesellschaft bestehen, die ein Mitglied 
des Continental-Konzerns wird,  
(iii) Sicherheiten, die am Begebungstag der Schuldverschreibungen bestehen,  
(iv) Sicherheiten, die nach dem anwendbaren Recht zwingend sind (oder die aufgrund einer Vereinbarung eine 
solche Wirkung haben) oder die erforderlich sind als Voraussetzung für das Erlangen von behördlichen 
Genehmigungen,  
(v) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch die 
Emittentin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften gegeben werden,  
(vi) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch eine 
Zweckgesellschaft gegeben werden, bei denen die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften der 
Originator der zugrunde liegenden Vermögenswerte ist,  
(vii) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Finanzierung von Projekten oder Vermögensgegenständen 
gegeben werden, vorausgesetzt, dass die Vermögensgegenstände, an denen das Sicherungsrecht besteht, (A) 
Vermögensgegenstände sind, die in dem Projekt oder im Zusammenhang mit dem Projekt, auf das sich die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten beziehen, genutzt werden oder genutzt werden sollen, oder (B) Einnahmen oder 
Ansprüche sind, die aufgrund der Nutzung, des Betriebs, der Nichteinhaltung von Spezifikationen, der 
Verwertung, des Verkaufs, des Verlusts/Untergangs oder der Beschädigung dieser Vermögensgegenstände 
entstehen, und weiter vorausgesetzt, dass diese Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten weder direkt noch indirekt 
Gegenstand einer Garantie, Freistellung oder anderen Form der Zusicherung, Verpflichtung oder 
Unterstützung irgendeines anderen Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns sind, 
(viii) die Erneuerung, die Verlängerung oder der Austausch von Sicherheiten gemäß vorstehend (i) bis (vii) 
und,  
(ix) Sicherheiten, die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, deren Nennbetrag (zusammengerechnet mit 
dem Nennbetrag sonstiger Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) bis (viii) 
zulässigen bestehen) EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen Gegenwert in anderen Währungen) nicht 
überschreitet. 
 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten bezeichnet jede Verbindlichkeit (i) von Continental AG oder (ii) von einer 
Tochtergesellschaft, die durch die Continental AG garantiert ist, hinsichtlich der Rückzahlung aufgenommener 
Gelder, die entweder durch (x) ein Schuldscheindarlehen nach deutschem Recht oder durch (y) Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt notiert sind oder gehandelt werden bzw. notiert oder gehandelt werden können, verbrieft oder 
verkörpert ist.  
 
Continental-Konzern bezeichnet die Continental AG und jede Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG und 
ausschließlich, zur Klarstellung, assoziierter Unternehmen und Gesellschaften, die nach der Equity-Methode 
konsolidiert werden.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Person bezeichnet jede natürliche oder juristische Person, Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung, 
Personengesellschaft, jedes Joint Venture, jede Personenvereinigung, jede Aktiengesellschaft, jeden Trust, jede 
Einrichtung ohne eigene Rechtspersönlichkeit oder jede Regierung, Behörde oder politische Untergliederung 
eines Staates. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet eine konsolidierte Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG (i) 
deren Umsatzerlöse 5 % der konsolidierten Umsatzerlöse der Continental AG übersteigen, wie auf der 
Grundlage der Daten in dem letzten geprüften oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften 
Konzernabschluss der Continental AG und in dem letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht 
verfügbar) ungeprüften Einzelabschluss dieser konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt, oder (ii) deren 
Bilanzsumme 5 % der Konzernbilanzsumme der Continental AG übersteigt, wie auf der Grundlage der Daten 
in dem letzten geprüften oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften Konzernabschluss der 
Continental AG und in dem letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht verfügbar) ungeprüften 
Einzelabschluss dieser konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt. Für den Fall, dass, ungeachtet des 
Vorstehenden, ein Bericht der Abschlussprüfer der Continental AG feststellt, dass eine konsolidierte 
Tochtergesellschaft zu einem bestimmten Datum eine oder keine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ist oder war, 
ist diese Feststellung, sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt, für alle Beteiligten maßgeblich und 
verbindlich.] 
 
Tochtergesellschaft in Bezug auf ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft bezeichnet 
ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft: 
(a) welche(s) 
von 
dem 
erstgenannten 
Unternehmen 
bzw. 
der 
erstgenannten 
Personen- 
oder 
Kapitalgesellschaft unmittelbar oder mittelbar kontrolliert wird; oder 
(b) dessen stimmberechtigtes gezeichnetes Kapital (oder vergleichbare Beteiligungsrechte) sich unmittelbar 
oder mittelbar zu mehr als 50 % im wirtschaftlichen Eigentum des erstgenannten Unternehmens bzw. der 
erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft befinden; oder 
(c) welche(s) eine Tochtergesellschaft einer anderen Tochtergesellschaft des erstgenannten Unternehmens 
bzw. der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft ist, 
und, ausschließlich zum Zweck der Feststellung, ob ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder 
Kapitalgesellschaft eine unmittelbare oder mittelbare Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG ist, welche(s) 
nach IFRS im Konzernabschluss des Continental-Konzerns konsolidiert werden muss (zur Klarstellung: mit 
Ausnahme assoziierter Unternehmen und Gesellschaften, die nach der Equity-Methode konsolidiert werden). 
Sofern die Anteile an der Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft oder deren Nachfolger an einem 
regulierten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse in der Europäischen Union zum Handel zugelassen werden, schließt 
diese Definition von Tochtergesellschaften die Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft oder deren 
Nachfolger sowie jeweils ihre Tochtergesellschaften, aus. 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Definition gilt ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft als von 
einem anderen Unternehmen bzw. einer anderen Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft kontrolliert, wenn das 
andere Unternehmen bzw. die andere Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft aufgrund des Haltens von 
stimmberechtigten Anteilen, einer vertraglichen Festlegung oder aus anderen Gründen in der Lage ist, die 
Geschäftsführung des erstgenannten Unternehmens bzw. der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft 
und/oder die Zusammensetzung des Vorstandes oder eines vergleichbaren Organs des erstgenannten 
Unternehmens bzw. der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft zu kontrollieren. Zum Zweck der 
Feststellung, ob ein Unternehmen eine Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG ist, gilt dieses Unternehmen 
nicht als unmittelbar oder mittelbar von Continental AG als kontrolliert, wenn die Continental AG die 
Geschäftsführung und Geschäftspolitik dieses Unternehmens nur unmittelbar oder mittelbar gemeinsam mit 
einer anderen Person (die kein Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns ist) bestimmen kann und dieses 
Unternehmen nach IFRS im Konzernabschluss der Continental AG nicht vollständig konsolidiert werden 
würde, wenn dieser Konzernabschluss zum entsprechenden Zeitpunkt erstellt würde. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(2) Negativverpflichtung der Garantin. Die Garantin hat sich in der Garantie verpflichtet, solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem der Emissionsstelle alle Beträge 
an Kapital und Zinsen, die gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen zahlbar sind, zur Verfügung gestellt worden

--- Page 122 ---
122 
sind, keine Sicherungsrechte (dingliche Sicherheit) an allen oder Teilen ihrer derzeitigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögensgegenstände zur Besicherung von jeglichen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten zu begründen oder 
fortbestehen 
zu 
lassen 
und 
sicherzustellen, 
soweit 
rechtlich 
erlaubt, 
dass 
ihre 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften keine solchen Sicherungsrechte begründen oder fortbestehen lassen (einschließlich 
jeglicher Garantien und Haftungsfreistellungen, die in dieser Hinsicht gegeben wurden), wenn nicht 
gleichzeitig die Gläubiger unter im Wesentlichen gleichen Bedingungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig an 
einer solchen dinglichen Sicherheit teilhaben. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
(i) Sicherheiten, die durch ein Mitglied aus dem Continental-Konzern an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen eines solchen Mitglieds gegen jedes andere Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns oder gegen Dritte 
aufgrund einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf durch die Emittentin von Wertpapieren bestehen, 
soweit diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen aus diesen ausgegebenen Wertpapieren dienen, 
(ii) Sicherheiten an Vermögensgegenständen, die bereits zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs des jeweiligen 
Vermögensgegenstandes durch ein Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns an solchen Vermögensgegenständen 
bestehen oder die an Vermögensgegenständen einer neu erworbenen Gesellschaft bestehen, die ein Mitglied 
des Continental-Konzerns wird,  
(iii) Sicherheiten, die am Begebungstag der Schuldverschreibungen bestehen,  
(iv) Sicherheiten, die nach dem anwendbaren Recht zwingend sind (oder die aufgrund einer Vereinbarung eine 
solche Wirkung haben) oder die erforderlich sind als Voraussetzung für das Erlangen von behördlichen 
Genehmigungen,  
(v) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch die 
Garantin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften gegeben werden,  
(vi) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch eine 
Zweckgesellschaft gegeben werden, bei denen die Garantin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften der 
Originator der zugrunde liegenden Vermögenswerte ist,  
(vii) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Finanzierung von Projekten oder Vermögensgegenständen 
gegeben werden, vorausgesetzt, dass die Vermögensgegenstände, an denen das Sicherungsrecht besteht, (A) 
Vermögensgegenstände sind, die in dem Projekt oder im Zusammenhang mit dem Projekt, auf das sich die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten beziehen, genutzt werden oder genutzt werden sollen, oder (B) Einnahmen oder 
Ansprüche sind, die aufgrund der Nutzung, des Betriebs, der Nichteinhaltung von Spezifikationen, der 
Verwertung, des Verkaufs, des Verlusts/Untergangs oder der Beschädigung dieser Vermögensgegenstände 
entstehen, und weiter vorausgesetzt, dass diese Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten weder direkt noch indirekt 
Gegenstand einer Garantie, Freistellung oder anderen Form der Zusicherung, Verpflichtung oder 
Unterstützung irgendeines anderen Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns sind, 
(viii) die Erneuerung, die Verlängerung oder der Austausch von Sicherheiten gemäß vorstehend (i) bis (vii) 
und,  
(ix) Sicherheiten, die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, deren Nennbetrag (zusammengerechnet mit 
dem Nennbetrag sonstiger Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) bis (viii) 
zulässigen bestehen) EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen Gegenwert in anderen Währungen) nicht 
überschreitet. 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet eine konsolidierte Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG (i) 
deren Umsatzerlöse 5 % der konsolidierten Umsatzerlöse der Continental AG übersteigen, wie auf der 
Grundlage der Daten in dem letzten geprüften oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften 
Konzernabschluss der Continental AG und in dem letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht 
verfügbar) ungeprüften Einzelabschluss dieser konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt, oder (ii) deren 
Bilanzsumme 5 % der Konzernbilanzsumme der Continental AG übersteigt, wie auf der Grundlage der Daten 
in dem letzten geprüften oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften Konzernabschluss der 
Continental AG und in dem letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht verfügbar) ungeprüften 
Einzelabschluss dieser konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt. Für den Fall, dass, ungeachtet des 
Vorstehenden, ein Bericht der Abschlussprüfer der Continental AG feststellt, dass eine konsolidierte 
Tochtergesellschaft zu einem bestimmten Datum eine oder keine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ist oder war,

--- Page 123 ---
123 
ist diese Feststellung, sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt, für alle Beteiligten maßgeblich und 
verbindlich. 
§ 4  
ZINSEN 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag verzinst, 
und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 6(1) definiert) 
(ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz] %. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden 
Jahres (jeweils ein Zinszahlungstag) zahlbar. Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster Zinszahlungstag] 
[falls der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, gilt Folgendes: und 
beträgt [Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegter Stückelung]]. [Falls der Fälligkeitstag kein 
Zinszahlungstag ist, gilt Folgendes: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
Zinszahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) betragen [Abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegter Stückelung].] 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag 
vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Sofern die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen von dem Tag 
der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der vollständigen Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) mit dem 
gesetzlichen Verzugszinssatz verzinst1. 
[Falls die Step-up-Option anwendbar ist, gilt folgendes: 
(3) Step-up-Ereignis. Nach Eintritt eines Step-up-Ereignisses erhöht sich der Zinssatz um [Step-up-Marge] % per 
annum auf insgesamt [Step-up-Zinssatz] % per annum (der Step-up-Zinssatz) mit Wirkung ab dem Step-up-
Tag (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich).  
Step-up-Ereignis meint: 
(a) Continental AG veröffentlicht vor Ablauf der Ausschlussfrist (i) keinen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht für das an 
dem 
Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag 
endende 
Geschäftsjahr 
oder 
(ii) 
keine 
Zertifizierungsbestätigung in Bezug auf diesen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht. 
(b) Continental AG veröffentlicht zwar vor Ablauf der Ausschlussfrist einen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht für das an 
dem Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag endende Geschäftsjahr und eine Zertifizierungsbestätigung 
in Bezug auf diesen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht, jedoch 
(i) bestätigt die Zertifizierungsbestätigung nicht, dass [die KPI das EZ erreicht oder übertrifft] [sowohl 
die KPI 1 das EZ 1 erreicht oder übertrifft und die KPI 2 das EZ 2 erreicht oder übertrifft]; oder 
(ii) enthält die Zertifizierungsbestätigung einen Hinweis, dass (i) die Unabhängige Prüfstelle [die] [eine] 
KPI nicht berechnen oder [das] [ein] EZ nicht berechnen oder feststellen kann oder (ii) die 
Berechnung oder Feststellung der Unabhängigen Prüfstelle nur mit einem Vorbehalt oder einer 
Einschränkung in Bezug auf die Berechnung oder die Feststellung [des][eines] EZ erfolgen kann oder 
erfolgte. 
[(c) Weitere Details einfügen.] 
Ein Ereignis, das nach einem erstmaligen Step-up-Ereignis eintritt und ebenfalls als Step-up-Ereignis 
einzustufen wäre, führt zu keiner weiteren Anpassung des Zinssatzes gemäß diesem § 4(3). 
Falls ein Step-up-Ereignis eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin dies den Gläubigern unter Angabe der damit 
verbundenen Anpassung des Zinssatzes auf den Step-Up-Zinssatz baldmöglichst nach der Veröffentlichung 
des Nachhaltigkeitsberichts für das an dem Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag endende Geschäftsjahr, 
spätestens jedoch an dem [●] Geschäftstag nach Ende der Ausschlussfrist, gemäß § 14 bekannt machen (der 
Tag, an dem die Emittentin diese Mitteilung veröffentlicht, der Mitteilungstag). 
Dabei gilt: Ausschlussfrist bezeichnet [●]. 
 
1  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz entspricht dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz zuzüglich fünf 
Prozentpunkte. §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
KPI [1] bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in Übereinstimmung mit dem 
relevanten Framework der Continental AG zu bestimmen]. 
[KPI 2 bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in Übereinstimmung mit dem 
relevanten Framework der Continental AG zu bestimmen]][Weitere Details einfügen.] [(und KPI 1[,] [und] 
KPI 2 [●] jeweils ein KPI).] 
Unabhängige Prüfstelle bezeichnet [●]. 
Step-up-Tag bezeichnet [●] [den Zinszahlungstag, der dem Mitteilungstag oder dem [●] Geschäftstag nach 
Ende der Ausschlussfrist unmittelbar nachfolgt, je nachdem was früher eintritt]. 
Entwicklungsziel [1] oder EZ [1] meint, [dass [●] bis zum Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag 
[Zielvorgabe einfügen und präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●]. 
[Entwicklungsziel 2 oder EZ 2 meint, [dass [●] bis zum Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag [Zielvorgabe 
einfügen und präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●].][Weitere Details einfügen.] [(und 
EZ 1[,] [und] [EZ 2] [●] jeweils ein EZ).] 
[Im Falle eines Verwässerungsschutzes zu reflektieren, dass sofern die Emittentin vernünftigerweise und unter 
Beachtung des Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben feststellt, dass von der Continental AG durchgeführte 
wesentliche Restrukturierungsmaßnahmen (z.B. Übernahmen, Veräußerungen oder Fusionen) der Continental 
AG und aller mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmen im Sinne des Aktiengesetzes eine verwässernde Wirkung auf 
ein Entwicklungsziel haben, die Emittentin dieser verwässernden Wirkung Rechnung tragen wird und das 
jeweilige Entwicklungsziel in ihrem billigen Ermessen gemäß § 315 BGB und unter Berücksichtigung des 
Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben und der Besonderheiten des Entwicklungsziels bestmöglich anpassen wird, 
sodass die verwässernde Wirkung entfällt oder jedenfalls minimiert wird. Ebenfalls zu reflektieren, dass die 
Emittentin den Gläubigern das angepasste Entwicklungsziel unverzüglich gemäß § 14 mitteilen wird. Eine von 
der Emittentin vorgenommene und gemäß § 14 mitgeteilte Anpassung ist für die Gläubiger bindend.] 
Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag bezeichnet [●]. 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht bezeichnet [●]. 
Zertifizierungsbestätigung ist [●]. 
[●]] 
[(3)][(4)] 
Berechnung unterjähriger Zinsen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem Jahr 
zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung dieser Zinsen auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie 
nachstehend definiert). [Falls die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist und in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Actual/Actual (ICMA) festgelegt ist, gilt Folgendes: Die Anzahl der Zinszahlungstage 
(jeweils ein Feststellungstermin) je Kalenderjahr beträgt [Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage je 
Kalenderjahr].] 
[(4)][(5)] 
Zinstagequotient. Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung von Zinsbeträgen 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
[im Fall von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual (ISDA) gilt Folgendes: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums dividiert durch 366, und (B) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr 
fallenden Tage des Zinsberechnungszeitraums dividiert durch 365).]  
[im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) gilt Folgendes:  
(a) falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum (einschließlich des ersten, aber ausschließlich des letzten Tages dieses 
Zeitraums) kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in der er endet, oder ihr entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage 
im Zinsberechnungszeitraum (einschließlich des ersten, aber ausschließlich des letzten Tages dieses 
Zeitraums) dividiert durch das Produkt aus (i) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (ii) 
der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 4[(3)] angegeben), die in einem Kalenderjahr eintreten 
würden; oder 
(b) falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in der er endet, die Summe aus 
(A) der Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Feststellungsperiode fallen, in der der

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, dividiert durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 4[(3)] angegeben), die in 
einem Kalenderjahr eintreten würden, und (B) der Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in 
die nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, dividiert durch das Produkt aus (i) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (ii) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 4[(3)] angegeben), die in 
einem Kalenderjahr eintreten würden. 
Feststellungsperiode ist der Zeitraum ab einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich). Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Feststellungsperiode ist 
[Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e)] [jeweils] ein Feststellungstermin.] 
[im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) gilt Folgendes: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.]  
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gilt Folgendes: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der 
diesen letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gilt Folgendes: die Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums 
des ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, dass im Fall des letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
§ 5  
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von Ziffer (2) an die Zahlstelle zur Weiterleitung an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine vorläufige Globalurkunde gilt Folgendes: Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Ziffer (2) an das Clearingsystem bzw. dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
erfolgen auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen in der Festgelegten Währung. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstermin einer Zahlung auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein 
Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen.  
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem das 
Clearingsystem betriebsbereit ist und 
[falls die Schuldverschreibungen nicht auf Euro lauten, gilt Folgendes: an dem Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen an den(m) Maßgeblichen Finanzplätzen(platz) abwickeln.  
[falls TARGET geöffnet sein muss, gilt Folgendes: alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer-Systems (TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln.]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nicht auf Euro lauten, gilt Folgendes: 
Maßgebliche(r) Finanzplätze(platz) bezeichnet [●].] 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf das Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, folgende Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) zurückzuzahlen, gilt Folgendes: den Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Schuldverschreibungen,] [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) zurückzuzahlen, gilt Folgendes: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Schuldverschreibungen,] den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
sowie 
jeden 
Aufschlag 
sowie 
sonstige 
auf 
oder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbare Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Zinsen in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 8 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen 
Beträge ein. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach 
dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
§ 6  
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft 
und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen am [Fälligkeitstag] (der Fälligkeitstag) zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt. [Falls das Anpassungsereignis nicht anwendbar ist, gilt Folgendes: 
Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht ihrem Nennbetrag.] [Falls das 
Anpassungsereignis anwendbar ist, gilt Folgendes: in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht ihrem 
Nennbetrag, vorbehaltlich des Eintritts eines Anpassungsereignisses. [Falls das Anpassungsereignis einmalig 
anwendbar 
ist, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Nach 
Eintritt 
eines 
Anpassungsereignisses 
erhöht 
sich 
der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung auf EUR [●].][Falls das Anpassungsereignis mehrfach 
anwendbar ist, gilt Folgendes: Jedes Mal, wenn ein Anpassungsereignis eintritt, erhöht sich der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung um EUR [●]. 
Eine einmal vorgenommene Anpassung wird nicht rückgängig gemacht, falls die Umstände, die das Eintreten 
des Anpassungsereignis verursacht haben, nicht mehr zutreffen. 
Falls ein Anpassungsereignis eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin dies den Gläubigern unter Angabe der damit 
verbundenen Anpassung des Rückzahlungsbetrages baldmöglichst nach der Veröffentlichung des 
Nachhaltigkeitsberichts für das an dem Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag endende Geschäftsjahr, 
spätestens jedoch an dem [●] Geschäftstag nach Ende der Ausschlussfrist, gemäß § 14 bekannt machen (der 
Tag, an dem die Emittentin diese Mitteilung veröffentlicht, der Mitteilungstag).  
Anpassungsereignis meint: 
(a)  Continental AG veröffentlicht vor Ablauf der Ausschlussfrist (i) keinen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht für das an 
dem 
Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag 
endende 
Geschäftsjahr 
oder 
(ii) 
keine 
Zertifizierungsbestätigung in Bezug auf diesen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht. 
(b)  Continental AG veröffentlicht zwar vor Ablauf der Ausschlussfrist einen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht für das an 
dem Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag endende Geschäftsjahr und eine Zertifizierungsbestätigung 
in Bezug auf diesen Nachhaltigkeitsbericht, jedoch 
(i) bestätigt die Zertifizierungsbestätigung nicht, dass [die KPI das EZ erreicht oder übertrifft] [sowohl 
die KPI 1 das EZ 1 erreicht oder übertrifft und die KPI 2 das EZ 2 erreicht oder übertrifft]; oder 
(ii) enthält die Zertifizierungsbestätigung einen Hinweis, dass (i) die Unabhängige Prüfstelle [die] [eine] 
KPI nicht berechnen oder [das] [ein] EZ nicht berechnen oder feststellen kann oder (ii) die 
Berechnung oder Feststellung der Unabhängigen Prüfstelle nur mit einem Vorbehalt oder einer

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Einschränkung in Bezug auf die Berechnung oder die Feststellung [des][eines] EZ erfolgen kann oder 
erfolgte. 
[(c) Weitere Details einfügen.] 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Ausschlussfrist bezeichnet [●]2. 
KPI [1] bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in Übereinstimmung mit dem 
relevanten Framework der Continental AG zu bestimmen]. 
[KPI 2 bezeichnet die folgende Leistungskennzahl: [von der Emittentin in Übereinstimmung mit dem 
relevanten Framework der Continental AG zu bestimmen]] [Weitere Details einfügen.][(und KPI 1[,] [und] 
[KPI 2][●] jeweils eine KPI).] 
Unabhängige Prüfstelle bezeichnet [●]. 
Entwicklungsziel [1] oder EZ [1] meint, [dass [●] bis zum Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag 
[Zielvorgabe einfügen und präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●]. 
[Entwicklungsziel 2 oder EZ 2 meint, [dass [●] bis zum Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag [Zielvorgabe 
einfügen und präzisieren] [erreicht oder übertroffen hat][unterschreitet]][●].] [Weitere Details einfügen.] [(und 
EZ 1[,] [und] EZ 2 [●] jeweils ein EZ).] 
[Im Falle eines Verwässerungsschutzes zu reflektieren, dass sofern die Emittentin vernünftigerweise und unter 
Beachtung des Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben feststellt, dass von der Continental AG durchgeführte 
wesentliche Restrukturierungsmaßnahmen (z.B. Übernahmen, Veräußerungen oder Fusionen) der Continental 
AG und aller mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmen im Sinne des Aktiengesetzes eine verwässernde Wirkung auf 
ein Entwicklungsziel haben, die Emittentin dieser verwässernden Wirkung Rechnung tragen wird und das 
jeweilige Entwicklungsziel in ihrem billigen Ermessen gemäß § 315 BGB und unter Berücksichtigung des 
Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben und der Besonderheiten des Entwicklungsziels bestmöglich anpassen wird, 
sodass die verwässernde Wirkung entfällt oder jedenfalls minimiert wird. Ebenfalls zu reflektieren, dass die 
Emittentin den Gläubigern das angepasste Entwicklungsziel unverzüglich gemäß § 14 mitteilen wird. Eine von 
der Emittentin vorgenommene und gemäß § 14 mitgeteilte Anpassung ist für die Gläubiger bindend.] 
Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag bezeichnet [●]. 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht bezeichnet [●]. 
Zertifizierungsbestätigung ist [●]. 
[●]] 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen und nicht weniger als 30 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 14 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gekündigt und zum [vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag aus steuerlichen Gründen 
einfügen: [Nennbetrag][Rückzahlungsbetrag][Sonstiges]] zuzüglich der bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften des für die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebietes oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird an oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag zur Zahlung von 
Zusätzlichen Beträgen verpflichtet sein wird, und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen zumutbarer, 
der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: bzw. der Garantin] zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
2 Die Ausschlussfrist soll mindestens 20 Geschäftstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag liegen.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, 
an dem die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] verpflichtet wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die 
Kündigung erklärt wird, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 14 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
Vor Bekanntmachung einer Kündigung gemäß diesem § 6(2) hat die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine 
Vorstandsbescheinigung vorzulegen, die feststellt, dass die Emittentin zur Kündigung berechtigt ist, und 
darlegt, dass die Voraussetzungen des Kündigungsrechts der Emittentin erfüllt sind, sowie ein Rechtsgutachten 
anerkannter Rechtsanwälte darüber, dass die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF 
oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] verpflichtet ist oder sein wird, diese 
Zusätzlichen Beträge als Folge der betreffenden Änderung oder Ergänzung zu zahlen. 
Vorstandsbescheinigung bezeichnet eine von zwei Mitgliedern des Vorstands der Continental AG, von denen 
eines der Finanzleiter (Chief Financial Officer) der Continental AG ist, unterzeichnete Bescheinigung. 
Rechtsgutachten bezeichnet ein schriftliches Gutachten eines Rechtsberaters. Der Rechtsberater kann ein 
angestellter oder sonstiger Rechtsberater der Continental AG sein. 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei einem Kontrollwechsel. 
(a) Falls ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt, ist jeder Gläubiger berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, von der Emittentin 
zu 
verlangen, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
zum 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) zurückzuzahlen oder, nach Wahl der Emittentin, anzukaufen (bzw. einen 
solchen Ankauf zu veranlassen) (die Rückzahlungsoption). Diese Rückzahlungsoption ist wie 
nachstehend unter § 6(3) (b)-(c) beschrieben auszuüben. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel liegt vor, wenn eines der folgenden Ereignisse eintritt: 
(i) die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin] erlangt Kenntnis davon, dass eine Person oder eine Gruppe von 
gemeinsam handelnden Personen im Sinne von § 2 Abs. 5 des Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetzes (WpÜG) unmittelbar oder mittelbar Inhaber von mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte 
der Continental AG geworden ist; oder 
(ii) die Verschmelzung oder der sonstige Zusammenschluss der Continental AG auf oder mit einer 
Person oder die Verschmelzung oder der sonstige Zusammenschluss einer Person auf oder mit der 
Continental AG oder der Verkauf, die Abtretung, Übertragung, Vermietung bzw. Verpachtung oder 
sonstige Veräußerung aller oder im Wesentlichen aller Vermögenswerte (auf konsolidierter Basis 
ermittelt) der Continental AG an eine Person, sofern in jedem dieser Fälle als Folge einer solchen 
Verschmelzung oder eines solchen sonstigen Zusammenschlusses, eines solchen Verkaufs, einer 
solchen Abtretung, Übertragung, Vermietung bzw. Verpachtung oder einer solchen sonstigen 
Veräußerung eine Person oder eine Gruppe von gemeinsam handelnden Personen im Sinne von § 2 
Abs. 5 WpÜG unmittelbar oder mittelbar Inhaber von mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte der 
Continental AG wird; oder 
(iii) der Verkauf, die Abtretung, Übertragung, Vermietung bzw. Verpachtung oder sonstige Veräußerung 
aller oder im Wesentlichen aller Vermögenswerte (auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelt) der Continental 
AG an eine Person (mit Ausnahme eines Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns). 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) bezeichnet für jede Schuldverschreibung [vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag im Fall einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei einem 
Kontrollwechsel 
einfügen: 
[Prozentsatz 
des 
Nennbetrags] % 
des 
Nennbetrags 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibung][Rückzahlungsbetrag][Sonstiges]], zuzüglich aufgelaufener und nicht gezahlter 
Zinsen bis zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich). 
(b) Wenn ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt, wird die Emittentin, unverzüglich nachdem sie hiervon Kenntnis 
erlangt 
hat, 
die 
Gläubiger 
hiervon 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 14 
(eine 
Rückzahlungsereignismitteilung) unterrichten, in der die Umstände des Kontrollwechsels sowie das

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Verfahren für die Ausübung der in diesem § 6(3) genannten Rückzahlungsoption angegeben sind 
(einschließlich der Angaben zum Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle für die Zwecke von Unterabschnitt 
(c)(ii)(x) dieses § 6(3)). 
(c) Zur Ausübung der Rückzahlungsoption muss der Gläubiger an einem Geschäftstag innerhalb eines 
Zeitraums 
von 
30 Tagen 
nach 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Rückzahlungsereignismitteilung 
(der 
Rückzahlungszeitraum) (i) bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Zahlstelle eine ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte und unterzeichnete Ausübungserklärung einreichen, die in ihrer jeweils maßgeblichen Form 
bei der Zahlstelle erhältlich ist (eine Ausübungserklärung), und (ii) den Gesamtbetrag der Festgelegten 
Stückelung der Schuldverschreibungen angeben, für welche der Gläubiger seine Rückzahlungsoption 
ausüben möchte, indem er entweder (x) diese Schuldverschreibungen auf das Clearingsystem-Konto der 
Zahlstelle überträgt oder (y) der Zahlstelle eine unwiderrufliche Anweisung erteilt, die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen aus einem Wertpapierkonto des Gläubigers bei der Zahlstelle auszubuchen. Die 
Emittentin wird die maßgebliche(n) Schuldverschreibung(en) am siebten Tage nach Ablauf des 
Rückzahlungszeitraums (der Vorzeitige Rückzahlungstag (Put)) zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer Wahl 
ankaufen (bzw. ankaufen lassen), soweit sie nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
entwertet wurde(n). Die Zahlung in Bezug auf die in dieser Weise eingereichte(n) Schuldverschreibung(en) 
erfolgt in der üblichen Weise über das Clearingsystem. Eine einmal abgegebene Ausübungserklärung ist 
unwiderruflich. 
 
Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem die Banken in London 
und Frankfurt am Main für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr geöffnet sind und: (a) (in Bezug auf jeden 
Tag einer Zahlung oder eines Kaufs einer anderen Währung als Euro) an dem die Banken an dem 
Hauptfinanzplatz des Landes dieser Währung für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr geöffnet sind, oder (b) 
(in Bezug auf jeden Tag einer Zahlung oder eines Kaufs von Euro) an dem alle maßgeblichen Teile des 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer Systems (TARGET2) in Betrieb 
sind, um die betreffende Zahlung abzuwickeln. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügig ausstehendem Nennbetrag 
vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
(4) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügig ausstehendem Nennbetrag. Wenn 80 % 
oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen durch die Continental AG oder ein 
anderes Mitglied der Continental Gruppe zurückgezahlt oder zurückerworben wurden, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, jederzeit nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen (außer Schuldverschreibungen, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits von Gläubigern durch Ausübung ihrer Rückzahlungsoption gemäß § 6(3) verlangt 
wurde) insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig zu 
kündigen und zum [Rückzahlungbetrag im Fall einer Kündigung wegen geringfügig ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags einfügen: [Nennbetrag][Rückzahlungsbetrag][Sonstiges]] zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück zu zahlen.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
vorzeitig kündbar sind, gilt Folgendes: 
[(4)][(5)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call).  
 (a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen (außer 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits 
von 
Gläubigern 
durch 
Ausübung 
ihrer 
Rückzahlungsoption gemäß § 6(3) verlangt wurde) insgesamt oder teilweise nach ihrer Wahl zu einem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag von [Rückzahlungsbetrag im Fall der Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
zum 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
einfügen: 
[100% 
des 
Nennbetrags][Rückzahlungsbetrag][Sonstiges]], nebst etwaigen bis zum maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen, zuzüglich des Betrages (sofern sich ein solcher ergibt), um den 
(i) die durch die Berechnungsstelle ermittelte Summe der Barwerte der verbleibenden planmäßigen 
Kapitalrückzahlungen und Zinszahlungen auf die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen (nicht 
eingerechnet 
der 
am 
Rückzahlungstag 
aufgelaufene 
Teil 
dieser 
Zinszahlungen) 
vom 
Rückzahlungstag bis zum früheren der beiden folgenden Daten (x) der erste Tag, an dem die 
Emittentin 
nach 
ihrer 
Wahl 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Nennbetrag 
oder 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzahlen darf, oder (y) der Fälligkeitstag, jeweils abgezinst auf den

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Rückzahlungstag unter Anwendung des in § 4[(4)] bestimmten Zinstagequotienten und auf Basis der 
Benchmark-Rendite zuzüglich [Marge]%,  
(ii) den Nennbetrag oder Rückzahlungsbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen übersteigt, 
(der Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)) zurückzahlen. 
Der Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) wird von der Berechnungsstelle berechnet. 
Die Benchmark-Rendite ist die am Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag bestehende Rendite, wie sie etwa um 
[maßgebliche Uhrzeit] auf der Bildschirmseite für die Referenzanleihe, oder, sollte zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
keine Rendite festgestellt werden können, die vorstehend bestimmte Rendite so wie sie zu einem anderen 
Zeitpunkt, der von der Berechnungsstelle für angemessen erachtetet wird, am Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
Bildschirmseite ist Bloomberg [HP (Einstellung "Last Yield to Convention" und Verwendung der 
Preisquelle "FRNK")] [andere Bildschirmseite] (oder jede Nachfolgeseite oder Nachfolge-Preisquelle) für 
die Referenzanleihe, oder, falls diese Bloomberg-Seite oder Preisquelle nicht verfügbar ist, eine andere 
Seite (falls vorhanden) eines Informationsanbieters, die weitgehend ähnliche Daten anzeigt, wie von der 
Berechnungsstelle für angemessen erachtet. 
Referenzanleihe 
ist 
die 
[Euro-Referenzanleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] 
[andere 
Referenzanleihe] fällig [Fälligkeitstermin] mit ISIN [ISIN der Referenzanleihe, die bei der 
Preisbestimmung der Schuldverschreibungen genannt wurde] oder, falls diese Anleihe am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag nicht mehr aussteht, eine von der Berechnungsstelle ausgewählte 
ersetzende Referenzanleihe, jeweils mit einer Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden Restlaufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibung 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
vergleichbar 
ist, 
und 
die 
im 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Auswahlentscheidung und in Übereinstimmung mit der üblichen Finanzmarktpraxis zur Preisbestimmung 
bei Neuemissionen von Unternehmensanleihen mit einer bis zum Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren Laufzeit verwendet würde. 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
ist 
der 
sechste 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines in diesem § 6[(4)][(5)] genannten Ereignisses zurückgezahlt 
werden. 
 (b)  Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 14 
bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurück-zuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(iii) den maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 Tage nach dem 
Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf. 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs wird im Fall einer teilweisen Rückzahlung der entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag entweder als reduzierter Nennbetrag oder als Poolfaktor nach Ermessen der ICSDs in 
das Register der ICSDs aufgenommen.]] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) vorzeitig 
kündbar sind, gilt Folgendes: 
[(5)][(6)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call). Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl [im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) gilt Folgendes: zu dem 
bzw. den folgenden Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en)] [im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum(-räumen) gilt 
Folgendes innerhalb des bzw. der folgenden Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums(-zeiträume)] alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 60 
Tagen und nicht mehr als 90 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Gläubigern 
vorzeitig zu kündigen und zu folgendem Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) bzw. folgenden Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
(Call) zuzüglich aller bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen zurückzuzahlen:

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[tag(e)] 
[zeitraum(-räume))] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) 
bzw. 
Wahlrückzahlungs-
zeitraum(-räume)] 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)/ 
Rückzahlungsbeträge (Call)] 
Die Rückzahlung erfolgt vorbehaltlich des Rechts der Gläubiger, an einem Zinszahlungstag, der vor oder auf 
den Rückzahlungstag fällt, Zinsen zu erhalten.] 
§ 7  
ZAHLSTELLE, EMISSIONSSTELLE[, BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
(1) Bestellung; Bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfängliche Zahlstelle[,][und] die Emissionsstelle [und die 
anfängliche Berechnungsstelle] und ihre anfänglichen bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen sind: 
Emissions- und Zahlstelle: 
 
Citibank Europe plc  
 
 
 
 
 
1 North Wall Quay  
 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
 
 
Irland 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Berechnungsstelle: 
 
 
[●]] 
Die Zahlstelle[,][und] die Emissionsstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung 
der Zahlstelle[,][oder] der Emissionsstelle [oder der Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden, und eine 
andere Zahlstelle, zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen[,][oder] eine andere Emissionsstelle [oder eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle]zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle [im Fall von 
Zahlungen in US-Dollar gilt Folgendes: (und, falls Zahlungen bei den oder über die Geschäftsstellen aller 
Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich werden oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City)][,][und] eine Emissionsstelle [und eine Berechnungsstelle] 
unterhalten. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), wenn die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 14 
vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin. Die Zahlstelle[,][und] die Emissionsstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] und 
jede sonstige gemäß Ziffer (2) bestellte Zahlstelle handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin 
und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. Die Zahlstelle[,][und] die Emissionsstelle 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] und jede sonstige gemäß Ziffer (2) beauftragte Stelle haben die Verpflichtungen 
und nur diese Verpflichtungen, die ausdrücklich im Agency Agreement und diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
festgelegt sind. 
 
Agency Agreement bezeichnet ein Agency Agreement zwischen der Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance 
B.V., Continental Rubber of America, Corp., der Citibank Europe plc als Emissionsstelle und den anderen 
darin genannten Parteien. 
§ 8  
BESTEUERUNG 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: und sämtliche aufgrund der Garantie zu zahlenden Beträge] 
sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die von oder für Rechnung eines Hoheitsgebietes, in welchem die Emittentin [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] 
gegründet ist, Geschäften nachgeht, ihren Steuersitz hat oder allgemein einer Steuer vom Nettoeinkommen und -
ertrag unterworfen ist, oder über welches bzw. von welchem aus Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. aufgrund der 
Garantie] geleistet werden, oder von oder für Rechnung einer seiner politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden (jeweils ein Maßgebliches Steuerhoheitsgebiet) an der Quelle auferlegt oder erhoben werden, zu 
leisten, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher Einbehalt 
hinsichtlich auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlender Beträge [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. aufgrund der Garantie zu zahlender Beträge] gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben, wird die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin (dies ist in jeder Garantie vorzusehen)] diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge 
(die Zusätzlichen Beträge) zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären. Die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern oder Abgaben, die: 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines Gläubigers handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die keinen Abzug oder Einbehalt von Zahlungen von Kapital oder 
Zinsen durch die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] darstellen; oder 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des Gläubigers zu 
dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet zu entrichten sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. aufgrund der Garantie] aus Quellen in dem Maßgeblichen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert 
sind; oder 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung von 
Zinserträgen oder (ii) einem zwischenstaatlichen Abkommen oder einer Vereinbarung über die 
betreffende Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von CGF begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder das Königreich der Niederlande] oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung oder dieses Abkommen oder diese Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
(d) nicht erhoben oder einbehalten worden wären, wenn es der Gläubiger oder wirtschaftliche Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen (für diese Zwecke einschließlich eines Finanzinstituts, über das der Gläubiger 
oder wirtschaftliche Eigentümer die Schuldverschreibungen hält oder über das die Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen geleistet wird) nach einer von oder im Namen der Emittentin [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin] 
oder einer Zahlstelle an die Anschrift des Gläubigers oder wirtschaftlichen Eigentümers übermittelten 
Aufforderung zumindest in Textform (§126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (welche zu einem Zeitpunkt 
übermittelt wurde, zu dem es dem Inhaber bzw. wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer bei Anwendung der 
gebotenen Sorgfalt möglich gewesen wäre, der Aufforderung nachzukommen, und in jedem Fall 
mindestens 30 Tage vor dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem der Einbehalt oder Abzug vorgenommen werden müsste) 
nicht versäumt hätte, Bescheinigungs-, Identifizierungs-, Informations- oder andere Meldepflichten 
einzuhalten, die aufgrund von Gesetzen, Abkommen, Vorschriften oder der Verwaltungspraxis eines 
Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiets bestehen (unter anderem eine Pflicht zur Bescheinigung, dass der 
Gläubiger bzw. wirtschaftliche Eigentümer nicht in dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet ansässig ist) 
und deren Einhaltung eine Voraussetzung für eine Befreiung von Steuern oder eine Reduzierung des 
Prozentsatzes des Einbehalts oder Abzugs von Steuern, die von dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet 
erhoben werden, darstellt, jeweils jedoch nur soweit die Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen, Informationen 
oder Unterlagen durch den Gläubiger bzw. wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer rechtlich zulässig ist, oder 
(e) gemäß folgenden Bestimmungen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind: Sections 1471 bis 1474 des Internal 
Revenue Code der Vereinigten Staaten von 1986 in der jeweils geltenden Fassung (das Steuergesetz), 
allen bestehenden oder zukünftigen Regelungen oder offiziellen Auslegungen zu diesen Sections, einer 
aufgrund von Section 1471(b) des Steuergesetzes abgeschlossenen Vereinbarung oder steuer- oder

--- Page 133 ---
133 
aufsichtsrechtlichen Gesetzen, Vorschriften oder Richtlinien, die aufgrund einer im Zusammenhang mit 
der Umsetzung dieser Sections des Steuergesetzes abgeschlossenen zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
erlassen werden, oder  
(f) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu entrichten sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 wirksam wird, oder 
(g) aufgrund der Ansässigkeit des Gläubigers (oder Begünstigten oder sonstigem Empfänger von Zahlungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. der Garantie]) in einem nicht kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im 
Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb in der Fassung 
wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich der aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen 
Verordnungen) zu zahlen sind, oder 
(h) wenn eine Kombination der vorstehenden Absätze (a)-(g) vorliegt. 
Ebenso werden hinsichtlich einer Zahlung auf eine Schuldverschreibung keine Zusätzlichen Beträge an einen Gläu-
biger gezahlt, der die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder als Personengesellschaft oder als sonstige Person, die nicht der 
alleinige wirtschaftliche Eigentümer der Zahlung ist, erhält, soweit die Zahlung nach dem Recht des Maßgeblichen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiets steuerlich den Einkünften eines Treugebers bezüglich eines solchen Treuhänders oder eines 
Gesellschafters der Personengesellschaft oder eines wirtschaftlichen Eigentümers zuzurechnen wäre, der selbst 
nicht zum Erhalt solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge berechtigt wäre, wenn er Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen wäre. 
Klarstellend wird darauf hingewiesen, dass die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland aufgrund von zum 
Begebungstag geltenden Steuergesetzen auf Ebene der Depotbank derzeit erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer und der 
darauf jeweils anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag keine Steuer oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinne sind, 
für die Zusätzliche Beträge seitens der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin] zu zahlen wären. 
§ 9  
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
§ 10  
KÜNDIGUNGSGRÜNDE 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Falls ein Kündigungsgrund eintritt und fortbesteht, ist jeder Gläubiger berechtigt, seine 
gesamten Ansprüche aus den Schuldverschreibungen durch Übermittlung einer Kündigungserklärung gemäß 
§ 10(3) an die Emissionsstelle fällig zu stellen und vorbehaltlich § 10(2) deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zu 
ihrem 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag 
im 
Fall 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Kündigungsgrunds 
einfügen: 
[Nennbetrag][Rückzahlungsbetrag][Sonstiges]] zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen. Jedes der folgenden Ereignisse stellt einen Kündigungsgrund dar. 
(a) Nichtzahlung von Kapital. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder, falls diese nicht, die Garantin] zahlt auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällige Kapitalbeträge nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrem Fälligkeitstermin; 
oder 
(b) Nichtzahlung von Zinsen. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder, falls diese nicht, die Garantin] zahlt auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällige Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach deren Fälligkeitstermin; oder 
(c) Verletzung sonstiger Verpflichtungen. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin] erfüllt eine andere Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. der Garantie] nicht ordnungsgemäß, und diese Pflichtverletzung, 
sofern sie geheilt werden kann, wird ab dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Emissionsstelle hierüber eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten und diese Benachrichtigung der Emittentin entsprechend 
weitergeleitet hat, mehr als 30 Geschäftstage lang nicht geheilt; oder

--- Page 134 ---
134 
(d) Zahlungseinstellung. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, die Garantin] oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft gibt ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen allgemein ein; oder 
(e) Insolvenz etc. [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: Ein Continental-Insolvenzereignis tritt ein, oder ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft, oder die Emittentin oder eine 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft beantragt ein solches Verfahren oder leitet ein solches Verfahren ein, 
oder ein Dritter beantragt ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft, und ein solches Verfahren wird nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt] [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: Ein Continental-Insolvenzereignis tritt ein, oder ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft, oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft beantragt ein 
solches Verfahren oder leitet ein solches Verfahren ein, oder ein Dritter beantragt ein Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft, und ein solches Verfahren wird nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt]. 
 
Continental-Insolvenzereignis bezeichnet die Bestellung eines vorläufigen Insolvenzverwalters oder 
eines Insolvenzverwalters im Hinblick auf die Continental AG (unter anderem einschließlich eines 
Antrags auf Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens aus den in §§ 17 bis 19 der Insolvenzordnung genannten 
Gründen durch die der Continental AG oder einen Gläubiger der Continental AG, ausgenommen jedoch 
solche Anträge Dritter, die unbegründet oder missbräuchlich sind und innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der 
Antragstellung aufgehoben, ausgesetzt oder abgewiesen werden; oder 
(f) Liquidation. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes:, die Garantin] oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft geht in Liquidation (es 
sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung, 
sofern die andere oder neue Gesellschaft bzw. die anderen oder neuen Gesellschaften im Wesentlichen 
alle Aktiva und Passiva der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, der Garantin] oder der Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft übernimmt 
bzw. übernehmen); oder 
(g) Cross-Default. (x) Eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit eines Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns (die in 
jedem Fall keine Verbindlichkeit aus den Schuldverschreibungen ist) wird aufgrund eines 
Kündigungsgrundes (gleich welcher Art) vor ihrem festgelegten Fälligkeitstermin fällig und zahlbar (ob 
durch 
Erklärung, 
automatische 
Fälligstellung 
oder 
in 
sonstiger 
Weise) 
oder 
(y) 
eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit eines Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns (die in jedem Fall keine 
Verbindlichkeit aus den Schuldverschreibungen ist) wird weder bei Fälligkeit noch innerhalb einer 
ursprünglich anwendbaren Nachfrist bezahlt; dies gilt jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass kein 
Kündigungsgrund gemäß diesem Absatz (g) eintritt, wenn sich der Gesamtbetrag der unter die 
vorstehenden Absätze (x) oder (y) fallenden Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten auf weniger als 
EUR 100.000.000 (bzw. den Gegenwert in der anwendbaren Währung) beläuft[; oder][.]  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:  
(h) Garantie. (A) Die Garantie wird durch Gerichtsentscheidung für nicht vollstreckbar oder nichtig erklärt 
oder entfaltet aus einem anderen Grund keine volle Wirksamkeit mehr oder (B) die Garantin oder 
irgendeine im Auftrag einer Garantin handelnde Person bestreitet ihre Verpflichtungen aus der Garantie 
oder erkennt diese nicht an.] 
(2) Quorum. Falls ein Kündigungsgrund (mit Ausnahme eines in § 10(1)(d) genannten Kündigungsgrundes in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin] oder eines in § 10(1)(e) genannten Kündigungsgrundes in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: oder die Garantin]) eingetreten ist und fortbesteht, werden Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern, 
sofern nicht bei deren Eingang eines der in § 10(1)(a) bis § 10(1)(c) oder § 10(1)(f) bis § 10(1)[(g)][(h)] 
genannten Ereignisse, die Gläubiger zur Kündigung ihrer Schuldverschreibungen berechtigen, eingetreten ist, 
erst wirksam, wenn bei der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen eingegangen sind, die sich auf mindestens 
10 % des Gesamtnennbetrags der zu diesem Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen beziehen. Zur 
Klarstellung: Die Emissionsstelle ist nicht verpflichtet, gegenüber Gläubigern bekanntzugeben, ob und wann

--- Page 135 ---
135 
bei ihr Kündigungserklärungen eingegangen sind, die sich auf mindestens 10 % des Gesamtnennbetrags der zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen beziehen. 
(3) Kündigungserklärungen. Eine Erklärung eines Gläubigers zur Kündigung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 10(1) und § 10(2) (eine Kündigungserklärung) hat durch entsprechende Erklärung an die 
angegebene Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle zumindest in Textform (§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache zu erfolgen und ist der Emissionsstelle zusammen mit einem Nachweis in 
Form einer Bescheinigung der Depotbank des Gläubigers (wie in § 16(3) definiert), die bestätigt, dass der 
Gläubiger zum Datum der Kündigungserklärung ein Gläubiger der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist, zu 
übermitteln. 
(4)  Keine Kündigung. Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
wurde. Vorbehaltlich anwendbaren zwingenden Rechts berechtigen andere Ereignisse oder Umstände als die 
in § 10(1) genannten den Gläubiger nicht dazu, seine Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zur Rückzahlung fällig 
zu stellen, es sei denn, dies ist ausdrücklich in diesen Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt. 
§ 11  
ERSETZUNG 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: die Continental AG] 
oder eine Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen (die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) einzusetzen, 
sofern: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen in 
rechtlich wirksamer Weise übernimmt; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Continental AG begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: und die Emittentin] [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, die Emittentin und die Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist)] alle staatlichen und aufsichtsrechtlichen Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen 
erhalten haben, die für die Ersetzung und für die Gewährung einer Nachfolgegarantie [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: durch die 
Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist)] erforderlich sind, und die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle staatlichen und aufsichtsrechtlichen Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen 
erhalten hat, die für die Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen erforderlich sind, 
und alle Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen uneingeschränkt wirksam sind, und die von der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen übernommenen Verpflichtungen [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: und die von 
der Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist)] im Rahmen ihrer Nachfolgegarantie 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen jeweils wirksame und gemäß ihren jeweiligen Bedingungen 
rechtsverbindliche Verpflichtungen darstellen, die von jedem Gläubiger durchgesetzt werden können; 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
erforderlichen Beträge in der erforderlichen Währung und ohne Verpflichtung zum Abzug oder Einbehalt 
von Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die von dem Land erhoben werden, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist)] ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, an die Zahlstelle zahlen kann; 
(d) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger von allen Steuern, Abgaben oder 
behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger bezüglich einer solchen Ersetzung auferlegt 
werden; 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(e) die Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist) erklärt, dass ihre Garantie bezüglich 
der Schuldverschreibungen auch für die Nachfolgeschuldnerin gilt (jede solche Erklärung eine 
Nachfolgegarantie);

--- Page 136 ---
136 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(e) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber jedem Gläubiger die Zahlung aller von der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge garantiert;] und 
(f) die Emittentin einer für diese Zwecke beauftragten Stelle für jede betroffene Rechtsordnung ein 
Rechtsgutachten von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten (wie in § 6(2) definiert) übermittelt, welches bestätigt, 
dass die Bestimmungen der vorstehenden Absätze (a) bis (e) erfüllt wurden. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 11 und der Tag, an dem diese Ersetzung 
wirksam wird, ist gemäß § 14 bekannt zu machen. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen: Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme auf das für die Emittentin Maßgebliche Steuerhoheitsgebiet als Bezugnahme auf das für die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin Maßgebliche Steuerhoheitsgebiet. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung Folgendes: 
(a) Falls das Maßgebliche Steuerhoheitsgebiet der Nachfolgeschuldnerin nicht die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland umfasst, gilt in § 8 und § 6(2) zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme gemäß vorstehendem Satz auf 
das Maßgebliche Steuerhoheitsgebiet der Nachfolgeschuldnerin eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(b) In § 10 soll ein weiterer Kündigungsgrund als erfasst gelten; ein solcher Kündigungsgrund soll in jenem 
Fall bestehen, dass (A) die Garantie gemäß § 11(1)(e) durch Gerichtsentscheidung für nicht vollstreckbar 
oder nichtig erklärt wird oder aus einem anderen Grund keine volle Wirksamkeit mehr entfaltet oder (B) 
die Garantin gemäß § 11(1)(e) oder irgendeine im Auftrag einer Garantin handelnde Person ihre 
Verpflichtungen aus der Garantie bestreitet oder diese nicht anerkennt.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(b) § 10(1)(i) gilt als dergestalt ergänzt, dass der Wegfall der Wirksamkeit, Rechtsverbindlichkeit oder 
Durchsetzbarkeit der Nachfolgegarantie gegen die Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht selbst die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist) einen Kündigungsgrund darstellt.] 
(4) Befreiung von Verpflichtungen. Eine wirksame Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 11 befreit die 
Emittentin von allen Verpflichtungen aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) Weitere Ersetzung. Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß vorstehender Ziffer (1) ist die Nachfolgeschuldnerin jederzeit 
berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger eine weitere Ersetzung für sich selbst durch die Continental AG 
(sofern die Nachfolgeschuldnerin nicht selbst die Continental AG ist) oder eine Tochtergesellschaft der 
Continental AG durchzuführen. Dies gilt mit der Maßgabe, dass in diesem Fall alle in den vorstehenden 
Ziffern (1) bis (4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen entsprechende Anwendung finden und unter anderem 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin, wenn der Zusammenhang dies erfordert, 
als Bezugnahmen auf die weitere Nachfolgeschuldnerin gelten oder diese einschließen [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, und dass eine 
Ersetzung gemäß diesem § 11 in keinem Fall die Garantin von einer ihrer Verpflichtungen aus ihrer Garantie 
befreit]. 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Maßgeblichen 
Begebungstags, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) die gleichen Bedingungen wie die 
Schuldverschreibungen haben und zusammen mit den Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
Maßgeblicher Begebungstag bezeichnet den Tag, an dem eine Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen erstmals 
begeben wird; in Bezug auf die am Begebungstag ursprünglich begebene erste Tranche der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist der Maßgebliche Begebungstag der Begebungstag. 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: und die Garantin] [ist][sind] berechtigt (direkt oder über eine Tochtergesellschaft),

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis anzukaufen, soweit 
gesetzlich zulässig. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: und der Garantin] von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: ; ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
(1) Mehrheitsbeschlüsse nach dem Schuldverschreibungsgesetz. Die Gläubiger können mit Zustimmung der 
Emittentin (soweit erforderlich) aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung die 
Emissionsbedingungen ändern oder sonstige Maßnahmen gemäß dem SchVG beschließen. Die Gläubiger 
können insbesondere einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der Emissionsbedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Abs. 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch Beschlüsse mit den in dem nachstehenden § 13(2) genannten 
Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubiger verbindlich. 
(2) Mehrheit. Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen die Gläubiger mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den Fällen des 
§ 5 Abs. 3 Nummern 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens [Prozentsatz] % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit). 
(3) Beschlussfassung. Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in einer Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
oder im Wege einer Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG fassen. 
(4) Gläubigerversammlung. Die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist 
von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Einberufung 
mitgeteilten 
Adresse 
spätestens 
am 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. Mit der Anmeldung müssen die Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme 
an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank gemäß 
§15(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zum 
angegebenen Ende der Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(5) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müssen die Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung 
zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank 
gemäß § 15(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag 
des Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(6) Zweite Versammlung. Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung gemäß § 13(4) oder die Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann – im Fall der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 2 SchVG 
und – im Fall der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung – der Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versammlung im 
Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten Versammlung und die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Für die Anmeldung 
der Gläubiger zu einer zweiten Versammlung gilt § 13(4) Satz 3 entsprechend. 
(7) Gemeinsamer Vertreter der Gläubiger. [Falls in den Emissionsbedingungen kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
bestellt wird, gilt Folgendes: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertreter 
der Gläubiger (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) bestellen oder abberufen, und die Pflichten, Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse des Gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung der Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter und eine Haftungsbegrenzung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen. Die §13(2) bis (6) gelten auch 
für die Beschlussfassung über die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters. Der Beschluss zur Bestellung

--- Page 138 ---
138 
eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter befugt 
ist, Änderungen des wesentlichen Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen oder sonstigen wesentlichen Maßnahmen 
gemäß § 13(2) zuzustimmen.] 
[Falls in den Emissionsbedingungen ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird, gilt Folgendes: Der 
gemeinsame Vertreter der Gläubiger (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist [Name, Adresse]. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat die gesetzlich vorgesehenen Pflichten, Aufgaben und Befugnisse. Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es sei denn, dem Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. Für die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG.] 
(8) Bekanntmachungen. Alle Bekanntmachungen bezüglich dieses § 13 erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
(9) Die vorstehenden auf die Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: die Bestimmungen der Garantie und] die Bestimmungen einer etwaigen im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Ersetzung der Emittentin gewährten Garantie. 
§ 14  
MITTEILUNGEN 
(1) Vorbehaltlich § 13(8) erfolgen alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen durch 
Veröffentlichung im Bundesanzeiger. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Kalendertag nach dem Tag ihrer 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen dem dritten Kalendertag nach dem Tag der ersten 
solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, gilt Folgendes: Alle 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Publikation als wirksam erfolgt.] 
(2) Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem. [Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen gilt 
Folgendes: Die Emittentin übermittelt alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, gilt Folgendes: Solange die Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am geregelten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, gilt 
Ziffer (1). Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin die Veröffentlichung 
nach Ziffer (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer anderen Börse als dem 
amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Emittentin 
kann die Veröffentlichung nach Ziffer (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an 
die Gläubiger ersetzen, sofern die Regeln der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(3) Mitteilung an die Emittentin. Mitteilungen eines Gläubigers an die Emittentin sind zumindest in Textform 
(§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) an die angegebene Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle zu übermitteln. Eine 
solche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger an die Emissionsstelle kann über das betreffende Clearingsystem in 
einer von der Emissionsstelle und dem betreffenden Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
§ 15  
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND, GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG UND 
URTEILSWÄHRUNG 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich nach deutschem Recht, jeweils unter Ausschluss der Grundsätze 
des Internationalen Privatrechts.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden Gerichtsstandes für besondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG ist Frankfurt am Main Gerichtsstand für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstigen Verfahren. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin], oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: oder die Garantin] Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen 
auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen und geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers angibt, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen angibt, die zum Datum der Bescheinigung in dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind, und 
(c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) genannten Angaben enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder einer Verwahrstelle des Clearingsystems 
bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde erforderlich ist. Für die vorstehenden Zwecke bezeichnet Depotbank jede Bank oder jedes 
sonstige anerkannte Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Depotgeschäft zu betreiben, und bei der/dem der 
Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf 
jede sonstige Weise schützen und geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
[Falls die Festgelegte Währung US-Dollar ist, gilt Folgendes:  
(4) Urteilswährung. Die ausschließliche Rechnungs- und Zahlungswährung für alle von der Emittentin [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin] 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: und der Garantie] zu leistenden Zahlungen ist US-Dollar. 
Jeder Betrag, der von einem Gläubiger in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantie] für 
einen ihm bestimmungsgemäß von der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin] geschuldeten Betrag (aufgrund oder durch 
Vollstreckung eines Urteils oder Beschlusses eines zuständigen Gerichts im Zusammenhang mit der 
Liquidation oder Auflösung der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF und CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin,] einer Tochtergesellschaft oder in sonstiger Weise) 
erhalten oder beigetrieben wird, befreit die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF 
oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die betreffende Garantin] nur in Höhe des Betrags in US-
Dollar, den der Empfänger mit dem in der anderen Währung erhaltenen oder beigetriebenen Betrag an dem 
Tag des Erhalts bzw. der Beitreibung kaufen kann (oder, falls ein solcher Kauf an diesem Tag nicht möglich 
ist, an dem ersten Tag, an dem ein solcher Kauf möglich ist), von ihrer Zahlungspflicht. Falls dieser Betrag in 
US-Dollar niedriger ist als der Betrag in US-Dollar, der dem Empfänger bestimmungsgemäß aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
oder 
der 
Garantie] 
geschuldet 
wird, 
haben 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: und die Garantin] dem 
Empfänger jeden Schaden bzw. Verlust zu ersetzen, der ihm dadurch entsteht. In jedem Fall haben die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: und die Garantin] dem Empfänger die Kosten eines solchen Kaufs zu ersetzen. Für diese Zwecke 
reicht es aus, wenn der Gläubiger bescheinigt, dass ihm im Fall des tatsächlichen Kaufs von US-Dollar mit 
dem in der anderen Währung erhaltenen oder beigetriebenen Betrag an dem Tag des Erhalts bzw. der 
Beitreibung (oder, falls ein solcher Kauf von US-Dollar an diesem Tag nicht möglich war, an dem ersten Tag, 
an dem ein solcher Kauf möglich gewesen wäre) ein Schaden bzw. Verlust entstanden wäre. Diese 
Entschädigungspflichten stellen eine gesonderte Verpflichtung dar, die unabhängig von den sonstigen 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: und der Garantin] besteht, begründen einen gesonderten und eigenständigen 
einklagbaren Anspruch, gelten ungeachtet irgendeines von einem Gläubiger gewährten Verzichts (außer eines 
Verzichts auf die in diesem Abschnitt genannten Entschädigungspflichten) und bleiben ungeachtet irgendeines 
anderen Urteils, Beschlusses, Anspruchs oder Beweises eines bezifferten Betrages im Hinblick auf einen

--- Page 140 ---
140 
aufgrund einer Schuldverschreibung [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, der Garantie] oder eines anderen Urteils oder Beschlusses fälligen Betrag 
uneingeschränkt wirksam.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF und CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:  
(5) Zustellungsbevollmächtigter. Die Emittentin hat die Garantin zu ihrem Zustellungsbevollmächtigten für 
etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten vor deutschen Gerichten im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
bestellt.] 
§ 16  
SPRACHE 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, gilt Folgendes:  
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]  
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, gilt Folgendes:  
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, gilt Folgendes:  
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
OPTION II – Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
§ 1  
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungen) der [Continental 
AG][Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.][Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] ([Continental AG][CGF][CRoA] 
bzw. die Emittentin) wird am [Begebungstag] (der Begebungstag) in [Festgelegte Währung] (auch 
bezeichnet als [Symbol der Festgelegten Währung]) (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls 
die Globalurkunde eine New Global Note (NGN) ist, gilt Folgendes: (vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte 
Stückelung] (die Festgelegte Stückelung) begeben. 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, gilt Folgendes: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde bzw. die Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
Unterschriften zweier ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist von der 
Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den Festgelegten Stückelungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und zusammen mit der vorläufigen Globalurkunde die Globalurkunden) ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen jeweils die Unterschriften zweier ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und 
sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine US-
Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Für jede solche Zinszahlung ist eine gesonderte Bescheinigung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 1(3) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika geliefert werden.] 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende Globalurkunde wird so lange von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. Clearingsystem bezeichnet [bei mehr als einem Clearingsystem gilt 
Folgendes: jeweils]: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)][,][und] [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., Luxembourg (CBL)] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear)] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein ICSD 
und zusammen die ICSDs)]. [Falls das Clearing über CBF erfolgt, gilt Folgendes: Die Schuld-
verschreibungen sind durch entsprechende Depotbuchungen nach Maßgabe der anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
von CBF (Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn) und, außerhalb der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, der 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., (42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Luxemburg) und der Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien) als Betreiberin des Euroclear Systems oder deren 
Funktionsnachfolgern übertragbar.]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, gilt Folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer neuen Globalurkunde (New Global Note) (NGN) 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den 
Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit 
dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rückzahlungsrate oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Ankauf und Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über die 
Rückzahlung bzw. die Zahlung bzw. den Ankauf und die Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in 
den Registern der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in den 
Registern der ICSDs verzeichneten und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. angekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der 
Gesamtbetrag der gezahlten Rückzahlungsrate abgezogen wird. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils der Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs anteilig in die Register der ICSDs 
eintragen werden.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, gilt Folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer klassischen Globalurkunde (Classical Global Note) (CGN) 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. Gläubiger bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 2  
STATUS [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt  
Folgendes: ; GARANTIE] 
[(1) Status.] Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende 
gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(2) Garantie. Continental AG (die Garantin oder Continental AG) hat eine unbedingte und unwiderrufliche 
Garantie (die Garantie) für die ordnungsgemäße und pünktliche Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie von jeglichen sonstigen Beträgen, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbar 
sind, übernommen. Die Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten Dritter im Sinne des § 328 Abs. 1 BGB dar, 
der jedem Gläubiger das Recht gibt, die Erfüllung der in der Garantie übernommenen Verpflichtungen 
unmittelbar von der Garantin zu verlangen und unmittelbar gegen die Garantin durchzusetzen. Kopien der 
Garantie sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle erhältlich.] 
§ 3  
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
[(1) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin.] Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem der Emissionsstelle alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen, 
die gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen zahlbar sind, zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, keine 
Sicherungsrechte (dingliche Sicherheit) an allen oder Teilen ihrer derzeitigen oder zukünftigen

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Vermögensgegenstände zur Besicherung von jeglichen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten zu begründen oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: und sicherzustellen, soweit rechtlich erlaubt, dass ihre Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften keine 
solchen Sicherungsrechte begründen oder fortbestehen lassen] (einschließlich jeglicher Garantien und 
Haftungsfreistellungen, die in dieser Hinsicht gegeben wurden), wenn nicht gleichzeitig die Gläubiger unter im 
Wesentlichen gleichen Bedingungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig an einer solchen dinglichen Sicherheit 
teilhaben. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
(i) Sicherheiten, die durch ein Mitglied aus dem Continental-Konzern an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen eines solchen Mitglieds gegen jedes andere Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns oder gegen Dritte 
aufgrund einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf durch die Emittentin von Wertpapieren bestehen, 
soweit diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen aus diesen ausgegebenen Wertpapieren dienen, 
(ii) Sicherheiten an Vermögensgegenständen, die bereits zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs des jeweiligen 
Vermögensgegenstandes durch ein Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns an solchen Vermögensgegenständen 
bestehen oder die an Vermögensgegenständen einer neu erworbenen Gesellschaft bestehen, die ein Mitglied 
des Continental-Konzerns wird,  
(iii) Sicherheiten, die am Begebungstag der Schuldverschreibungen bestehen,  
(iv) Sicherheiten, die nach dem anwendbaren Recht zwingend sind (oder die aufgrund einer Vereinbarung eine 
solche Wirkung haben) oder die erforderlich sind als Voraussetzung für das Erlangen von behördlichen 
Genehmigungen,  
(v) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch die 
Emittentin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften gegeben werden,  
(vi) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch eine 
Zweckgesellschaft gegeben werden, bei denen die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften der 
Originator der zugrunde liegenden Vermögenswerte ist,  
(vii) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Finanzierung von Projekten oder Vermögensgegenständen 
gegeben werden, vorausgesetzt, dass die Vermögensgegenstände, an denen das Sicherungsrecht besteht, (A) 
Vermögensgegenstände sind, die in dem Projekt oder im Zusammenhang mit dem Projekt, auf das sich die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten beziehen, genutzt werden oder genutzt werden sollen, oder (B) Einnahmen oder 
Ansprüche sind, die aufgrund der Nutzung, des Betriebs, der Nichteinhaltung von Spezifikationen, der 
Verwertung, des Verkaufs, des Verlusts/Untergangs oder der Beschädigung dieser Vermögensgegenstände 
entstehen, und weiter vorausgesetzt, dass diese Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten weder direkt noch indirekt 
Gegenstand einer Garantie, Freistellung oder anderen Form der Zusicherung, Verpflichtung oder 
Unterstützung irgendeines anderen Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns sind, 
(viii) die Erneuerung, die Verlängerung oder der Austausch von Sicherheiten gemäß vorstehend (i) bis (vii) 
und,  
(ix) Sicherheiten, die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, deren Nennbetrag (zusammengerechnet mit 
dem Nennbetrag sonstiger Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) bis (viii) 
zulässigen bestehen) EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen Gegenwert in anderen Währungen) nicht 
überschreitet. 
 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten bezeichnet jede Verbindlichkeit (i) von Continental AG oder (ii) von oder 
einer Tochtergesellschaft, die durch die Continental AG garantiert ist, hinsichtlich der Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener Gelder, die entweder durch (x) ein Schuldscheindarlehen nach deutschem Recht oder durch (y) 
Anleihen, Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder einem anderen 
anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert sind oder gehandelt werden bzw. notiert oder gehandelt werden können, 
verbrieft oder verkörpert ist.  
 
Continental-Konzern bezeichnet die Continental AG und jede Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG und 
ausschließlich, zur Klarstellung, assoziierter Unternehmen und Gesellschaften, die nach der Equity-Methode 
konsolidiert werden.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Person bezeichnet jede natürliche oder juristische Person, Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung, 
Personengesellschaft, jedes Joint Venture, jede Personenvereinigung, jede Aktiengesellschaft, jeden Trust, jede 
Einrichtung ohne eigene Rechtspersönlichkeit oder jede Regierung, Behörde oder politische Untergliederung 
eines Staates. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet eine konsolidierte Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG (i) 
deren Umsatzerlöse 5 % der konsolidierten Umsatzerlöse der Continental AG übersteigen, wie auf der 
Grundlage der Daten in dem letzten geprüften oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften 
Konzernabschluss der Continental AG und in dem letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht 
verfügbar) ungeprüften Einzelabschluss dieser konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt, oder (ii) deren 
Bilanzsumme 5 % der Konzernbilanzsumme der Continental AG übersteigt, wie auf der Grundlage der Daten 
in dem letzten geprüften oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften Konzernabschluss der 
Continental AG und in dem letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht verfügbar) ungeprüften 
Einzelabschluss dieser konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt. Für den Fall, dass, ungeachtet des 
Vorstehenden, ein Bericht der Abschlussprüfer der Continental AG feststellt, dass eine konsolidierte 
Tochtergesellschaft zu einem bestimmten Datum eine oder keine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ist oder war, 
ist diese Feststellung, sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt, für alle Beteiligten maßgeblich und 
verbindlich.] 
 
Tochtergesellschaft in Bezug auf ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft bezeichnet 
ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft: 
(a) welche(s) 
von 
dem 
erstgenannten 
Unternehmen 
bzw. 
der 
erstgenannten 
Personen- 
oder 
Kapitalgesellschaft unmittelbar oder mittelbar kontrolliert wird; oder 
(b) dessen stimmberechtigtes gezeichnetes Kapital (oder vergleichbare Beteiligungsrechte) sich unmittelbar 
oder mittelbar zu mehr als 50 % im wirtschaftlichen Eigentum des erstgenannten Unternehmens bzw. der 
erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft befinden; oder 
(c) welche(s) eine Tochtergesellschaft einer anderen Tochtergesellschaft des erstgenannten Unternehmens 
bzw. der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft ist, 
und, ausschließlich zum Zweck der Feststellung, ob ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder 
Kapitalgesellschaft eine unmittelbare oder mittelbare Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG ist, welche(s) 
nach IFRS im Konzernabschluss des Continental-Konzerns konsolidiert werden muss (zur Klarstellung: mit 
Ausnahme assoziierter Unternehmen und Gesellschaften, die nach der Equity-Methode konsolidiert werden). 
Sofern die Anteile an der Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft oder deren Nachfolger an einem 
regulierten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse in der Europäischen Union zum Handel zugelassen werden, schließt 
diese Definition von Tochtergesellschaften die Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft oder deren 
Nachfolger sowie jeweils ihre Tochtergesellschaften, aus. 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Definition gilt ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft als von 
einem anderen Unternehmen bzw. einer anderen Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft kontrolliert, wenn das 
andere Unternehmen bzw. die andere Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft aufgrund des Haltens von 
stimmberechtigten Anteilen, einer vertraglichen Festlegung oder aus anderen Gründen in der Lage ist, die 
Geschäftsführung des erstgenannten Unternehmens bzw. der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft 
und/oder die Zusammensetzung des Vorstandes oder eines vergleichbaren Organs des erstgenannten 
Unternehmens bzw. der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft zu kontrollieren. Zum Zweck der 
Feststellung, ob ein Unternehmen eine Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG ist, gilt dieses Unternehmen 
nicht als unmittelbar oder mittelbar von Continental AG als kontrolliert, wenn die Continental AG die 
Geschäftsführung und Geschäftspolitik dieses Unternehmens nur unmittelbar oder mittelbar gemeinsam mit 
einer anderen Person (die kein Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns ist) bestimmen kann und dieses 
Unternehmen nach IFRS im Konzernabschluss der Continental AG nicht vollständig konsolidiert werden 
würde, wenn dieser Konzernabschluss zum entsprechenden Zeitpunkt erstellt würde. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(2) Negativverpflichtung der Garantin. Die Garantin hat sich in der Garantie verpflichtet, solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem der Emissionsstelle alle Beträge 
an Kapital und Zinsen, die gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen zahlbar sind, zur Verfügung gestellt worden

--- Page 145 ---
145 
sind, keine Sicherungsrechte (dingliche Sicherheit) an allen oder Teilen ihrer derzeitigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögensgegenstände zur Besicherung von jeglichen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten zu begründen oder 
fortbestehen 
zu 
lassen 
und 
sicherzustellen, 
soweit 
rechtlich 
erlaubt, 
dass 
ihre 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften keine solchen Sicherungsrechte begründen oder fortbestehen lassen (einschließlich 
jeglicher Garantien und Haftungsfreistellungen, die in dieser Hinsicht gegeben wurden), wenn nicht 
gleichzeitig die Gläubiger unter im Wesentlichen gleichen Bedingungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig an 
einer solchen dinglichen Sicherheit teilhaben. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
(i) Sicherheiten, die durch ein Mitglied aus dem Continental-Konzern an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen eines solchen Mitglieds gegen jedes andere Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns oder gegen Dritte 
aufgrund einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf durch die Emittentin von Wertpapieren bestehen, 
soweit diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen aus diesen ausgegebenen Wertpapieren dienen, 
(ii) Sicherheiten an Vermögensgegenständen, die bereits zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs des jeweiligen 
Vermögensgegenstandes durch ein Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns an solchen Vermögensgegenständen 
bestehen oder die an Vermögensgegenständen einer neu erworbenen Gesellschaft bestehen, die ein Mitglied 
des Continental-Konzerns wird,  
(iii) Sicherheiten, die am Begebungstag der Schuldverschreibungen bestehen,  
(iv) Sicherheiten, die nach dem anwendbaren Recht zwingend sind (oder die aufgrund einer Vereinbarung eine 
solche Wirkung haben) oder die erforderlich sind als Voraussetzung für das Erlangen von behördlichen 
Genehmigungen,  
(v) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch die 
Garantin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften gegeben werden,  
(vi) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch eine 
Zweckgesellschaft gegeben werden, bei denen die Garantin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften der 
Originator der zugrunde liegenden Vermögenswerte ist,  
(vii) Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Finanzierung von Projekten oder Vermögensgegenständen 
gegeben werden, vorausgesetzt, dass die Vermögensgegenstände, an denen das Sicherungsrecht besteht, (A) 
Vermögensgegenstände sind, die in dem Projekt oder im Zusammenhang mit dem Projekt, auf das sich die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten beziehen, genutzt werden oder genutzt werden sollen, oder (B) Einnahmen oder 
Ansprüche sind, die aufgrund der Nutzung, des Betriebs, der Nichteinhaltung von Spezifikationen, der 
Verwertung, des Verkaufs, des Verlusts/Untergangs oder der Beschädigung dieser Vermögensgegenstände 
entstehen, und weiter vorausgesetzt, dass diese Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten weder direkt noch indirekt 
Gegenstand einer Garantie, Freistellung oder anderen Form der Zusicherung, Verpflichtung oder 
Unterstützung irgendeines anderen Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns sind, 
(viii) die Erneuerung, die Verlängerung oder der Austausch von Sicherheiten gemäß vorstehend (i) bis (vii) 
und,  
(ix) Sicherheiten, die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, deren Nennbetrag (zusammengerechnet mit 
dem Nennbetrag sonstiger Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) bis (viii) 
zulässigen bestehen) EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen Gegenwert in anderen Währungen) nicht 
überschreitet. 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet eine konsolidierte Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG (i) 
deren Umsatzerlöse 5 % der konsolidierten Umsatzerlöse der Continental AG übersteigen, wie auf der 
Grundlage der Daten in dem letzten geprüften oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften 
Konzernabschluss der Continental AG und in dem letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht 
verfügbar) ungeprüften Einzelabschluss dieser konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt, oder (ii) deren 
Bilanzsumme 5 % der Konzernbilanzsumme der Continental AG übersteigt, wie auf der Grundlage der Daten 
in dem letzten geprüften oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften Konzernabschluss der 
Continental AG und in dem letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht verfügbar) ungeprüften 
Einzelabschluss dieser konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt. Für den Fall, dass, ungeachtet des 
Vorstehenden, ein Bericht der Abschlussprüfer der Continental AG feststellt, dass eine konsolidierte 
Tochtergesellschaft zu einem bestimmten Datum eine oder keine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ist oder war,

--- Page 146 ---
146 
ist diese Feststellung, sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt, für alle Beteiligten maßgeblich und 
verbindlich. 
§ 4  
ZINSEN 
(1) Zinszahlungstage.  
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] 
einschließlich (der Verzinsungsbeginn) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
(b) Zinszahlungstag bedeutet 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeder [festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage].] 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist Folgendes anwendbar: (soweit diese Emissionsbedingungen 
keine abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder im Fall des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, so wird dieser Tag 
[Im Fall der modifizierten folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention (Modified Following Business Day 
Convention) ist Folgendes anwendbar: auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, 
jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf 
den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[Im Fall der FRN-Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar: auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird 
der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen und ist jeder 
nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, der [Zahl] Monate nach dem 
vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
[Im Fall der folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention (Following Business Day Convention) ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
[Im Fall der vorhergehender Geschäftstag-Konvention (Preceding Business Day Convention) ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem die Banken in London 
und Frankfurt am Main für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr geöffnet sind und: (a) (in Bezug auf jeden 
Tag einer Zahlung oder eines Kaufs einer anderen Währung als Euro) an dem die Banken an dem 
Hauptfinanzplatz des Landes dieser Währung für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr geöffnet sind, oder (b) 
(in Bezug auf jeden Tag einer Zahlung oder eines Kaufs von Euro) an dem alle maßgeblichen Teile des 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer Systems (TARGET2) in Betrieb 
sind, um die betreffende Zahlung abzuwickeln. 
(2) Zinssatz. 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung EURIBOR ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede Zinsperiode ist, sofern nachstehend [Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes 
oder Höchstzinssatzes ist Folgendes anwendbar: oder in § 4(3)] nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
der Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für 
die jeweilige Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im Fall, dass eine Marge auf den Zinssatz 
Anwendung findet, ist Folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. ab jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet den zweiten TARGET-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. TARGET-Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System (TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
[Im Fall, dass eine Marge auf den Zinssatz Anwendung findet, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
Die Marge beträgt [Prozentsatz] % per annum.] 
Bildschirmseite bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder die jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, die 
vom selben System angezeigt wird oder aber von einem anderen System, das zum Vertreiber von 
Informationen zum Zwecke der Anzeigen von Sätzen oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die mit dem 
betreffenden Angebotssatz vergleichbar sind. 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt und beruht dies jeweils auf anderen Gründen als dem Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses, ist 
der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für 
Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, der auf der Ersatz-Bildschirmseite 
am Zinsfestlegungstag um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im Fall, dass eine Marge 
auf den Zinssatz Anwendung findet, ist Folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], 
wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
Sollte weder die Bildschirmseite noch die Ersatz-Bildschirmseite zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz auf einer dieser Seiten angezeigt und beruht dies jeweils auf anderen 
Gründen als dem Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses, ist der Zinssatz der Angebotssatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem ein 
solcher Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde [im Fall, dass eine Marge auf den Zinssatz Anwendung findet, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die Marge der 
betreffenden Zinsperiode an die Stelle der Marge für die vorangegangenen Zinsperiode tritt)]. 
Ersatz-Bildschirmseite bezeichnet die Bildschirmseite eines anderen autorisierten Anbieters als die 
Bildschirmseite oder eine andere verfügbare Website oder Bildschirmseite eines Finanzdatenanbieters, auf 
der der Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung 
für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, wie er für den jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag vom Administrator (derzeit das 
European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)) festgelegt wird, angezeigt wird.] 
(b) Benchmark-Ereignis. Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass vor oder an einem Zinsfestlegungstag ein Benchmark-
Ereignis eingetreten ist, gilt Folgendes: 
(i) 
Der Angebotszinssatz für die auf den Zinsfestlegungstag folgende Zinsperiode und jede 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode (es sei denn, es tritt in der Folge ein neues Benchmark-Ereignis ein) ist der 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert), der gegebenenfalls durch eine etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne (wie nachstehend definiert) angepasst wird. Die Emittentin wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
hierüber 
informieren 
und 
den 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz, 
die 
etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne und die Anpassungen (wie nachstehend definiert) gemäß § 14 bekanntmachen 
und diese (sowie eine etwaige Änderung des Zinsfestlegungstags, falls dies so bestimmt wird) 
werden mit Wirksamwerden der Bekanntmachung für die Emittentin und die Gläubiger mit Wirkung 
ab dem relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag verbindlich. 
(ii) Soweit ein Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz gemäß § 4(2)(b)(i) nicht zur Verfügung steht, wird die 
Emittentin nach Konsultation mit dem Unabhängigen Sachverständigen (wie nachstehend definiert) 
den Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) und eine etwaige Alternativ-
Anpassungsspanne (wie nachstehend definiert) festlegen. In diesem Fall wird der Angebotszinssatz 
für die auf den Zinsfestlegungstag folgende Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode (es sei 
denn, es tritt in der Folge ein neues Benchmark-Ereignis ein) der Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz, der 
gegebenenfalls durch eine etwaige Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne angepasst wird, sein. Die 
Emittentin wird die Berechnungsstelle hierüber informieren und den Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz,

--- Page 148 ---
148 
die etwaige Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne und die Anpassungen (wie nachstehend definiert) gemäß 
§ 14 bekanntgeben und diese (sowie eine etwaige Änderung des Zinsfestlegungstags, falls dies so 
bestimmt wird) werden mit Wirksamwerden der Bekanntmachung für die Emittentin und die 
Gläubiger mit Wirkung ab dem relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag verbindlich. 
 
[Für den Fall, dass die besondere Fallbackregelung "Angebotszinssatz der vorangegangenen 
Zinsperiode" anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(iii) Wenn bis zum fünften Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag weder ein Ersatz-
Angebotszinssatz gemäß § 4(2)(b)(i) ermittelt noch ein Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz entsprechend 
des vorstehendenden § 4(2)(b)(ii) festgelegt wurde, ist der Angebotszinssatz für die auf den 
relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag folgende Zinsperiode der für die unmittelbar vorangehende 
Zinsperiode bestimmte Angebotszinssatz. Falls der Angebotszinssatz gemäß diesem § 4(2)(b)(iii) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird für die Bestimmung des Angebotszinssatzes für die nächste folgende 
Zinsperiode § 4(2)(b) erneut angewendet. 
 Für die Zwecke von Satz 1 dieses § 4(2)(b)(iii) und die Bestimmung ob bis zum fünften Geschäftstag 
vor dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag ein Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz gemäß § 4(2)(b)(i) ermittelt 
oder ein Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz gemäß § 4(2)(b)(ii) festgelegt wurde, kommt es nicht darauf an, 
ob die diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachungen gemäß § 14 bereits erfolgt sind oder nicht.] 
[(iii)][(iv)] 
Bestimmte Begriffsbestimmungen: 
Benchmark-Ereignis bezeichnet in Bezug auf den Angebotszinssatz eines der nachfolgenden 
Ereignisse: 
(i)  der Angebotszinssatz wurde in den letzten zehn Geschäftstagen vor dem und bis einschließlich 
zum relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht; oder  
(ii) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des Angebotszinssatzes, die für den Administrator 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde oder die für die festgelegte Währung zuständige Zentralbank 
öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung 
bestimmbaren Tages, dass der Administrator des Angebotszinssatzes den Angebotszinssatz, 
seine Berechnung und/oder seine Veröffentlichung dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird (wenn zum Zeitpunkt dieser Bekanntmachung kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die Berechnung und/oder Veröffentlichung des 
Angebotszinssatzes fortsetzen wird); oder 
(iii) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des Angebotszinssatzes, die für den Administrator 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde oder die für die festgelegte Währung zuständige Zentralbank 
öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung 
bestimmbaren Tages, von dem an eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur Festlegung des 
Angebotszinssatzes wirksam wird; oder 
(iv) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des Angebotszinssatzes, die für den Administrator 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde oder die für die festgelegte Währung zuständige Zentralbank 
öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung 
bestimmbaren Tages, von dem an die Nutzung des Angebotszinssatzes allgemein verboten ist; 
oder 
(v) die Veröffentlichung einer Mitteilung durch die Emittentin gemäß § 14, dass die Verwendung 
des 
Angebotszinssatzes 
zur 
Berechnung 
des 
Zinssatzes 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle oder eine Zahlstelle rechtswidrig geworden ist. 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz bezeichnet einen Nachfolger oder Ersatz des Angebotszinssatzes, der 
offiziell durch die Nominierungsstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) empfohlen wurde. 
Anpassungsspanne bezeichnet die Differenz (positiv oder negativ) oder das Ergebnis der 
Anwendung einer Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, die im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ersetzung des Angebotszinssatzes durch den Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz von 
der Nominierungsstelle empfohlen wird.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Anpassungen bezeichnet die Änderungen hinsichtlich der Emissionsbedingungen, die (i) im Falle 
eines Ersatz-Angebotszinssatzes nach Feststellung der Emittentin und (ii) im Falle eines Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatzes nach Feststellung durch die Emittentin nach Konsultation mit dem 
Unabhängigen Sachverständigen notwendig sind, um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des Ersatz-
Angebotszinssatzes und der Anpassungsspanne oder die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatzes und der Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten. Die 
Anpassungen können u.a. Regelungen bezüglich der anwendbaren Geschäftstag-Konvention, der 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
„Bildschirmseite“, 
„Ersatz-Bildschirmseite“, 
„Geschäftstag“, 
„Zinszahlungstag“, „Zinsperiode“, „Zinstagequotient“ und/oder „Zinsfestlegungstag“ (einschließlich 
der Festlegung ob der Angebotszinssatz vorwärts- oder rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt wird) sowie 
jeder Methode oder Definition, um den Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz oder den Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatz zu erhalten oder zu berechnen, umfassen. 
Nominierungsstelle bezeichnet (1) die Zentralbank für die Währung in der der Angebotszinssatz 
dargestellt wird oder eine Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators des Angebotszinssatzes zuständig ist; oder (2) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeder 
Ausschuss, die/der von (a) der Zentralbank für die Währung in der der Angebotszinssatz dargestellt 
wird, (b) einer Zentralbank oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des Administrators 
des Angebotszinssatzes zuständig ist, (c) einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten Zentralbanken oder 
anderer Aufsichtsbehörden oder (d) dem Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability Board) oder Teilen 
davon unterstützt, (mit)geleitet oder befürwortet wird. 
Unabhängiger Sachverständiger bezeichnet ein von der Emittentin für die Wahrnehmung der ihr 
nach diesen Emissionsbedingungen zugewiesenen Funktionen ernanntes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut 
mit internationalem Ansehen oder einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
internationalen Kapitalmärkten. Die Emittentin ist zu ihr zumutbaren Bemühungen verpflichtet, um 
die Beauftragung eines Unabhängigen Sachverständigen zu wirtschaftlich angemessenen 
Bedingungen zu bewirken; ist dies nicht möglich, entfällt die Funktion des Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen nach Maßgabe dieser Emissionsbedingungen. 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz bezeichnet einen öffentlich verfügbaren alternativen Angebotszinssatz, 
der dafür vorgesehen ist, dass Finanzinstrumente oder -verträge, wie u.a. in Form von 
Schuldverschreibungen, diesen bei der Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen (oder dazugehörigen 
Zinskomponenten) in der festgelegten Währung verwenden können. 
Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne bezeichnet die Differenz (positiv oder negativ) oder das Ergebnis der 
Anwendung einer Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, die nach 
Festlegung durch die Emittentin nach Konsultation mit dem Unabhängigen Sachverständigen auf den 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz anzuwenden ist, um eine Verlagerung des wirtschaftlichen Wertes 
zwischen der Emittentin und den Gläubigern, die ohne diese Anpassung infolge der Ersetzung des 
Angebotszinssatzes durch den Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz entstehen würde (einschließlich, aber 
ohne hierauf begrenzt zu sein, infolgedessen, dass der Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz eine risikofreie 
Rate ist), soweit sinnvollerweise möglich, zu reduzieren oder auszuschließen. 
Angebotszinssatz bezeichnet den in den Endgültigen Bedingungen festgelegten Angebotssatz bzw., 
nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses, den betreffenden Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz oder, falls 
anwendbar, 
den 
betreffenden 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
oder, 
falls 
anwendbar, 
den 
Angebotszinssatz für die unmittelbar vorangehende Zinsperiode, wie zur jeweiligen Zeit nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 4(2) bestimmt.] 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung €STR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede Zinsperiode ist, sofern nachstehend [Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes 
oder Höchstzinssatzes ist Folgendes anwendbar: oder in § 4(3)] nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
der an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag festgestellte [falls der Referenzsatz Compounded Daily 
€STR ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Compounded Daily €STR] [falls der Referenzsatz Compounded 
€STR Index ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Compounded €STR Index] (wie nachstehend definiert) [im 
Fall, dass eine Marge auf den Zinssatz Anwendung findet, ist Folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. ab jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den [Anzahl] TARGET-Geschäftstag vor 
dem Zinszahlungstag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode (oder, falls die Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher 
fällig werden, [Anzahl] TARGET-Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag). Dabei bezeichnet TARGET-
Geschäftstag oder TGT einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system (TARGET2) betriebsbereit ist. 
[Im Fall, dass eine Marge auf den Zinssatz Anwendung findet, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
Die Marge beträgt [Prozentsatz] % per annum.] 
Internetseite bezeichnet die Internetseite der Europäischen Zentralbank oder eine von der Europäischen 
Zentralbank bzw. einem Nachfolge-Administrator offiziell benannten Nachfolge-Internetseite auf der der 
€STR (wie nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz Compounded Daily €STR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded Daily €STR bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage (mit der täglichen Euro Short-Term Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und wird von der Berechnungsstelle am jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird: 
   1 +
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
 −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 𝑥360
𝑑
 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode;  
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der TARGET-Geschäftstage in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode;  
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Bezug auf einen TARGET-Geschäftstag (TGTx) einen Referenzsatz in 
Höhe des täglichen Euro Short Term Rate (€STR) Satzes für den betreffenden TGTx, der vom 
Administrator des €STR um ca. [9.00 Uhr] [●] (Frankfurter Zeit) am TARGET-Geschäftstag unmittelbar 
nach dem TGTx auf der Internetseite veröffentlicht wird;  
€STRi-pTGT bezeichnet für jeden TARGET-Geschäftstag "i" in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode den 
€STR Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: an dem TARGET-
Geschäftstag, der "p" TARGET-Geschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen TARGET-Geschäftstag "i" liegt,] [im 
Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: am TARGET-Geschäftstag "i"]; 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet [im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Beobachtungszeitraum] [im Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis "do", die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
TARGET-Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten TARGET-Geschäftstages der jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode wiedergeben; 
ni an jedem TARGET-Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden TARGET-Geschäftstag (ausschließlich); und 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl TARGET-Geschäftstage]1. 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
eine Zinsperiode den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" TARGET-Geschäftstage vor 
 
1  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET-Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" TARGET-
Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" TARGET-
Geschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
fällig und zahlbar werden).]] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz Compounded €STR Index ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded €STR Index bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage (mit der täglichen Euro Short-Term Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und wird von der Berechnungsstelle am jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird: 
 €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑𝑒
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1 𝑥 360
𝑑
 
 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage von €STR IndexStart (einschließlich) bis €STR IndexEnde 
(ausschließlich); 
€STR IndexEnde bezeichnet den €STR Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der [fünf] [●] TARGET-
Geschäftstage 2  vor dem Zinszahlungstag für die relevante Zinsperiode liegt (oder, im Falle einer 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, den Tag, der [fünf] [●] TARGET-Geschäftstage3 
vor dem festgelegten Rückzahlungstag liegt) (der Index-FeststellungstagEnde); 
€STR IndexStart bezeichnet den €STR Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der [fünf] [●] TARGET-
Geschäftstage4 vor dem ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode liegt (der Index-FeststellungstagStart, und 
zusammen mit dem Index-FeststellungstagEnde, jeweils ein Index-Feststellungstag); und 
€STR Compounded Indexwert bezeichnet in Bezug auf einen Index-Feststellungstag den Wert, der als 
€STR Compounded Indexwert vom Administrator des €STR Referenzsatzes (wie nachstehend definiert) 
oder von einem anderen Finanzinformationsserver jeweils um [9:15 Uhr][●] (Frankfurter Zeit) an einem 
solchen Index-Feststellungstag veröffentlicht wird. 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf einen Index-Feststellungstag feststellt, dass der €STR 
Compounded Indexwert nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht auf andere Art und Weise vom Administrator des 
€STR Referenzsatzes bzw. von einem anderen Finanzinformationsserver veröffentlicht oder angezeigt 
wird, wird der Compounded €STR Index für eine solche Zinsperiode von der Berechnungsstelle am 
Zinsfestlegungstag nach der folgenden Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird: 
   1 +
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
 −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 𝑥360
𝑑
 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der TARGET-Geschäftstage im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
€STRi-pTGT bezeichnet für jeden TARGET-Geschäftstag "i" im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den 
€STR Referenzsatz am TARGET-Geschäftstag "i"; 
 
2  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Rückschauzeitraum 
 
zugestimmt. 
3  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Rückschauzeitraum 
 
zugestimmt. 
4  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Bezug auf einen TARGET-Geschäftstag (TGTx) einen Referenzsatz in 
Höhe des täglichen Euro Short Term Rate (€STR) Satzes für den betreffenden TGTx, der vom 
Administrator des €STR um ca. [9.00 Uhr] [●] (Frankfurter Zeit) am TARGET-Geschäftstag unmittelbar 
nach dem TGTx auf der Internetseite veröffentlicht wird; 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
TARGET-Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten TARGET-Geschäftstages des jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraums wiedergeben; 
ni an jedem TARGET-Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden TARGET-Geschäftstag (ausschließlich); und 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl TARGET-Geschäftstage]5. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den Zeitraum von dem Tag 
(einschließlich), welcher "p" TARGET-Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, 
bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" TARGET-Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer 
solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" TARGET-Geschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren Tag 
liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
(b) Wird der €STR Referenzsatz an einem TARGET-Geschäftstag nicht wie vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) 
beschrieben zur Verfügung gestellt, so ist der €STR-Referenzzinssatz für diesen TARGET-Geschäftstag 
gleich dem €STR für den letzten TARGET-Geschäftstag, für den dieser Zinssatz auf der Internetseite 
veröffentlicht wurde, sofern nicht sowohl ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis als auch ein €STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten sind. 
(c) Wird der €STR-Referenzsatz an einem TARGET-Geschäftstag nicht wie vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) 
beschrieben zur Verfügung gestellt und sind sowohl ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis als auch ein 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten, so wird der Zinssatz durch Bezugnahme auf den Zinssatz 
(einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Zinsanpassungen) bestimmt, der von der Europäischen 
Zentralbank oder von einem Ausschuss, der von der Europäischen Zentralbank zum Zwecke der 
Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für den €STR offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, als Ersatz für den 
€STR empfohlen wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für den €STR von der Europäischen Zentralbank oder einem 
anderen damit beauftragten Administrator bestimmt werden kann). 
(d) Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstages 
sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz 
sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum 
Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden. 
(e) Für die Zwecke der vorstehenden Buchstaben (b) bis (d) gelten die folgenden Definitionen: 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Europäischen Zentralbank (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators des 
€STR), in der sie ankündigt, dass sie den €STR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr 
bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin einen €STR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(ii) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, durch welche hinreichend bestätigt wird, dass die 
Europäische Zentralbank (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) den €STR dauerhaft oder 
auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit 
kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin einen €STR zur Verfügung stellt. 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein €STR-Index Einstellungsereignis den 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Europäische Zentralbank (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) den €STR 
nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder bestimmt.] 
 
5  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung SOFR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede Zinsperiode ist, sofern nachstehend [Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes 
oder Höchstzinssatzes ist Folgendes anwendbar: oder in § 4(3)] nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
der an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) festgestellte [falls der 
Referenzsatz Compounded Daily SOFR ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[falls der Referenzsatz Compounded SOFR Index ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Compounded SOFR 
Index] (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall, dass eine Marge auf den Zinssatz Anwendung findet, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. ab jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den [Anzahl] US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode 
(oder, 
falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig werden, [Anzahl] US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor 
diesem früheren Tag). Dabei bezeichnet US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag oder USGT jeden Tag, 
ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den die Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association die ganztägliche Schließung der Abteilungen für festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder 
im Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
[Im Fall, dass eine Marge auf den Zinssatz Anwendung findet, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
Die Marge beträgt [Prozentsatz] % per annum.] 
Internetseite bezeichnet die Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder eine von der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York bzw. einem Nachfolge-Administrator offiziell benannten Nachfolge-
Internetseite auf der der SOFR (wie nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz Compounded Daily SOFR ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded Daily SOFR bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der US-Dollar Overnight Financing Rate als Referenzsatz für 
die Zinsberechnung) und wird von der Berechnungsstelle am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird: 
  (1 +
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 𝑥360
𝑑
 
 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode;  
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode; 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet [im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Beobachtungszeitraum] [im Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages der 
jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode wiedergeben; 
ni an jedem US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag (ausschließlich);

--- Page 154 ---
154 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage]6; und 
SOFRi-pUSGT 
bezeichnet 
für 
jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode den SOFR Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: an 
dem US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, der "p" US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" liegt] [im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: am US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i"]; 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet für jeden US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag (USGTx), einen Referenzsatz, 
der dem täglichen Satz der Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Satzes für den USGTx entspricht, 
wie er auf der Internetseite bis [15:00 Uhr] [●] (New York Zeit) an dem US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, 
der unmittelbar auf den USGTx folgt, veröffentlicht wird; und 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
eine Zinsperiode den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher "p" US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder den Tag, der "p" US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls 
vorhanden), an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden).]] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz Compounded SOFR Index, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded SOFR Index bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen US-Dollar Overnight Financing Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und wird von der Berechnungsstelle am jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird: 
 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑𝑒
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1 𝑥 360
𝑑
 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage von SOFR IndexStart (einschließlich) bis SOFR IndexEnde 
(ausschließlich); 
SOFR IndexEnde bezeichnet den SOFR Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der [fünf] [●] US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage7 vor dem Zinszahlungstag für die relevante Zinsperiode liegt (oder, im Falle 
einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, den Tag, der [fünf] [●] US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage8 vor dem festgelegten Rückzahlungstag liegt) (der Index-FeststellungstagEnde); 
SOFR IndexStart bezeichnet den SOFR Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der [fünf] [●] US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage 9  vor dem ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode liegt (der Index-
FeststellungstagStart, und zusammen mit dem Index-FeststellungstagEnde, jeweils ein Index-
Feststellungstag); und 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert bezeichnet in Bezug auf einen Index-Feststellungstag den Wert, der als 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert vom Administrator des SOFR Referenzsatzes oder von einem anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver jeweils um [15:00 Uhr] [●] (New Yorker Zeit) an einem solchen Index-
Feststellungstag veröffentlicht wird. 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf einen Index-Feststellungstag feststellt, dass der SOFR 
Compounded Indexwert nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht auf andere Art und Weise vom Administrator des 
 
6  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt. 
7  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt. 
8  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt. 
9  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
SOFR Referenzsatzes bzw. von einem anderen Finanzinformationsserver veröffentlicht oder anzeigt wird, 
wird der Compounded SOFR Index für eine solche Zinsperiode von der Berechnungsstelle am 
Zinsfestlegungstag nach der folgenden Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird: 
  (1 +
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 𝑥360
𝑑
 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages des 
jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraums wiedergeben; 
ni bezeichnet an jedem US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag (ausschließlich);  
p bezeichnet [Anzahl US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag]10; und 
SOFRi-pUSGT 
bezeichnet 
für 
jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
im 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den SOFR Referenzsatz am US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i"; 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet für jeden US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag (USGTx), einen Referenzsatz, 
der dem täglichen Satz der Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Satzes für den USGTx entspricht, 
wie er auf der Internetseite jeweils bis [15:00 Uhr] [●] (New York Zeit) an dem US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag, der unmittelbar auf den USGTx folgt, veröffentlicht wird; und 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den Zeitraum von dem Tag 
(einschließlich), welcher "p" US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage 
vor einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
zahlbar werden).] 
(b) Wird der SOFR Referenzsatz an einem US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag nicht wie vorstehend in Buchstabe 
(a) beschrieben zur Verfügung gestellt, so ist der SOFR-Referenzzinssatz für diesen US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag gleich dem SOFR für den letzten US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, für den dieser Zinssatz 
auf der Internetseite veröffentlicht wurde, sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis als 
auch ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten sind. 
(c) Wird der SOFR-Referenzsatz an einem US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag nicht wie vorstehend in 
Buchstabe (a) beschrieben zur Verfügung gestellt und sind sowohl ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
als auch ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten, so wird der Zinssatz durch Bezugnahme auf 
den Zinssatz (einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Zinsanpassungen) bestimmt, der vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder von einem Ausschuss, der vom 
Federal Reserve Board und/oder von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York zum Zwecke der 
Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für den SOFR offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, als Ersatz für den 
SOFR empfohlen wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für den SOFR von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
oder einem anderen damit beauftragten Administrator bestimmt werden kann). 
(d) Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in vorstehendem Buchstaben (c) beschrieben innerhalb eines US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages nach dem SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde, wird der 
 
10  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Zinssatz analog den vorstehenden Bestimmungen bestimmt, mit der Maßgabe, dass für jeden US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag an oder nach dem SOFR-Index- Einstellungsstichtag: 
(i) 
Bezugnahmen auf den "SOFR" als Bezugnahmen auf die tägliche Overnight Bank Funding Rate (der 
OBFR) gelten, die von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York als Administrator dieses Zinssatzes 
(oder von einem Nachfolgeadministrator dieses Zinssatzes) auf seiner Internetseite jeweils bis 17:00 
Uhr Ortszeit in New York City an jedem Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem die 
Geschäftsbanken in New York City für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich für den 
Handel mit Devisen und Einlagen in Fremdwährung) geöffnet sind (New Yorker Geschäftstag), in 
Bezug auf den diesem Tag unmittelbar vorangehenden New Yorker Geschäftstag zur Verfügung 
gestellt wird (OBFR-Referenzzinssatz); 
(ii) Bezugnahmen auf einen "US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag" als Bezugnahmen auf einen "New Yorker 
Geschäftstag" gelten; 
(iii) Bezugnahmen auf ein "SOFR-Index- Einstellungsereignis" als Bezugnahmen auf ein "OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis" gelten; 
(iv) Bezugnahmen auf einen "SOFR-Index- Einstellungsstichtag" als Bezugnahmen auf einen "OBFR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag" gelten; und  
(v) Bezugnahmen auf die "Internetseite" als Bezugnahmen auf die Internetseite der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York oder eine von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York bzw. einem Nachfolge-
Administrator offiziell benannten Nachfolge-Internetseite auf der der OBFR veröffentlicht wird, 
gelten. 
(e) Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in obigem Buchstaben (c) beschrieben innerhalb eines US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages nach dem SOFR- Index-Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde und ein 
OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis eingetreten ist, wird der Zinssatz analog den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen bestimmt, mit der Maßgabe, dass für jeden US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag an oder nach 
dem SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag oder dem OBFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag (je nachdem, welches 
der spätere Termin ist): 
(i) 
Bezugnahmen auf den "SOFR-Referenzsatz" als Bezugnahmen auf das durch das Federal Open 
Market Committee festgesetzte und auf der Internetseite des Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System oder einer Nachfolge-Internetseite des Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System veröffentlichte kurzfristige Zinssatzziel (short-term interest rate target) oder, falls das 
Federal Open Market Committee nicht einen einzelnen Zinssatz als Ziel setzt, das Mittel der vom 
Federal Open Market Committee festgesetzten und auf der Internetseite des Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System oder einer Nachfolge-Internetseite des Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System veröffentlichten Bandbreite des kurzfristigen Zinssatzziels (berechnet als 
arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der 
Ziel-Bandbreite, welches, falls erforderlich, auf die zweite Dezimalstelle mit der Maßgabe gerundet 
wird, dass 0,005 aufgerundet wird) gelten; 
(ii) Bezugnahmen auf einen "US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag" als Bezugnahmen auf einen "New Yorker 
Geschäftstag" gelten; und 
(iii) Bezugnahmen auf die "Internetseite" als Bezugnahmen auf die Internetseite des Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System oder eine von dem Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
bzw. einem Nachfolge-Administrator offiziell benannten Nachfolge-Internetseite auf der das 
kurzfristige Zinssatzziel veröffentlicht wird, gelten. 
(f) Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstages 
sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz 
sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum 
Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.  
(g) Für die Zwecke der vorstehenden Buchstaben (b) bis (f) gelten die folgenden Definitionen:

--- Page 157 ---
157 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(oder 
eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des SOFR), in der sie ankündigt, dass sie den SOFR dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin einen SOFR 
zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(ii) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, durch welche hinreichend bestätigt wird, dass die Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des SOFR) den SOFR dauerhaft oder 
auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit 
kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin einen SOFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung einer US- Regulierungsbehörde oder einer anderen öffentlichen Stelle der 
Vereinigten Staaten, welche die Anwendung des SOFR verbietet und die zumindest auf sämtliche 
Swapgeschäfte (einschließlich bestehender Swapgeschäfte) Anwendung findet. 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein SOFR-Index Einstellungsereignis den 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des SOFR) 
den SOFR nicht mehr veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem der SOFR nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf. 
OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(oder 
eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des OBFR), in der sie ankündigt, dass sie den OBFR dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin einen OBFR 
zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(ii) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, durch welche hinreichend bestätigt wird, dass die Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des OBFR) den OBFR dauerhaft oder 
auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit 
kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin einen OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US- Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle 
der Vereinigten Staaten, welche die Anwendung des OBFR verbietet und die zumindest auf 
sämtliche Swapgeschäfte (einschließlich bestehender Swapgeschäfte) Anwendung findet. 
OBFR-Index Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein OBFR-Index Einstellungsereignis den 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des OBFR) 
den OBFR nicht mehr veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem der OBFR nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf.] 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger 
ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist 
als [Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
[(3)][(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der 
Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die 
festgelegte Stückelung (der Zinsbetrag) für die entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten 
Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
[(4)][(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der 
Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der relevante Zinszahlungstag der 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Folgendes:, der Garantin] sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 14 baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an der 
die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung, aber keinesfalls später als am [im Falle von 
EURIBOR ist Folgendes anwendbar: ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode] [im Falle von €STR und 
SOFR ist folgendes anwendbar: letzten [TARGET] [US-Staatsanleihen] Geschäftstag vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag] mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der 
mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst (oder andere 
geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an 
denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 14 
mitgeteilt. 
[(5)][(6)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 4 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) 
für die Emittentin, [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: die Garantin,] die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die Gläubiger bindend. 
[(6)][(7)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag 
vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Sofern die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen von dem Tag 
der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der vollständigen Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) mit dem 
gesetzlichen Verzugszinssatz verzinst11. 
[(7)][(8)] Zinstagequotient. Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung von Zinsbeträgen auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
[im Fall von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual (ISDA) gilt Folgendes: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums dividiert durch 366, und (B) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr 
fallenden Tage des Zinsberechnungszeitraums dividiert durch 365).]  
[im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) gilt Folgendes: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.]  
[im Fall von Actual/360 gilt Folgendes: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 360.] 
§ 5  
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von Ziffer (2) an die Zahlstelle zur Weiterleitung an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine vorläufige Globalurkunde gilt Folgendes: Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Ziffer (2) an das Clearingsystem bzw. dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
erfolgen auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen in der Festgelegten Währung. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
11  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz entspricht dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz zuzüglich fünf 
Prozentpunkte. §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstermin einer Zahlung auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein 
Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen.  
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem das 
Clearingsystem betriebsbereit ist und 
[falls die Schuldverschreibungen nicht auf Euro lauten, gilt Folgendes: an dem Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen an den(m) Maßgeblichen Finanzplätzen(platz) abwickeln.]  
[falls TARGET geöffnet sein muss, gilt Folgendes: alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer-Systems (TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nicht auf Euro lauten, gilt Folgendes: 
Maßgebliche(r) Finanzplätze(platz) bezeichnet [●].] 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf das Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, folgende Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt Folgendes: den Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen,] den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen, sowie jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbare Beträge. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 8 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach 
dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
§ 6  
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft 
und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen am in den [Rückzahlungsmonat] fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag (der Fälligkeitstag) zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in 
Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht ihrem Nennbetrag. 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen und nicht weniger als 30 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 14 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gekündigt und zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich der bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften des für die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebietes oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird an oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag zur Zahlung von 
Zusätzlichen Beträgen verpflichtet sein wird, und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen zumutbarer, 
der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: bzw. der Garantin] zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. Der für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein Zinszahlungstag sein. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, 
an dem die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] verpflichtet wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung

--- Page 160 ---
160 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die 
Kündigung erklärt wird, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 14 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
Vor Bekanntmachung einer Kündigung gemäß diesem § 6(2) hat die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine 
Vorstandsbescheinigung vorzulegen, die feststellt, dass die Emittentin zur Kündigung berechtigt ist, und 
darlegt, dass die Voraussetzungen des Kündigungsrechts der Emittentin erfüllt sind, sowie ein Rechtsgutachten 
anerkannter Rechtsanwälte darüber, dass die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF 
oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] verpflichtet ist oder sein wird, diese 
Zusätzlichen Beträge als Folge der betreffenden Änderung oder Ergänzung zu zahlen. 
Vorstandsbescheinigung bezeichnet eine von zwei Mitgliedern des Vorstands der Continental AG, von denen 
eines der Finanzleiter (Chief Financial Officer) der Continental AG ist, unterzeichnete Bescheinigung. 
Rechtsgutachten bezeichnet ein schriftliches Gutachten eines Rechtsberaters. Der Rechtsberater kann ein 
angestellter oder sonstiger Rechtsberater der Continental AG sein 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei einem Kontrollwechsel. 
(a) Falls ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt, ist jeder Gläubiger berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, von der Emittentin 
zu 
verlangen, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
zum 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) zurückzuzahlen oder, nach Wahl der Emittentin, anzukaufen (bzw. einen 
solchen Ankauf zu veranlassen) (die Rückzahlungsoption). Diese Rückzahlungsoption ist wie 
nachstehend unter § 6(3) (b)-(c) beschrieben auszuüben. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel liegt vor, wenn eines der folgenden Ereignisse eintritt: 
(i) die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin] erlangt Kenntnis davon, dass eine Person oder eine Gruppe von 
gemeinsam handelnden Personen im Sinne von § 2 Abs. 5 des Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetzes (WpÜG) unmittelbar oder mittelbar Inhaber von mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte 
der Continental AG geworden ist; oder 
(ii) die Verschmelzung oder der sonstige Zusammenschluss der Continental AG auf oder mit einer 
Person oder die Verschmelzung oder der sonstige Zusammenschluss einer Person auf oder mit der 
Continental AG oder der Verkauf, die Abtretung, Übertragung, Vermietung bzw. Verpachtung oder 
sonstige Veräußerung aller oder im Wesentlichen aller Vermögenswerte (auf konsolidierter Basis 
ermittelt) der Continental AG an eine Person, sofern in jedem dieser Fälle als Folge einer solchen 
Verschmelzung oder eines solchen sonstigen Zusammenschlusses, eines solchen Verkaufs, einer 
solchen Abtretung, Übertragung, Vermietung bzw. Verpachtung oder einer solchen sonstigen 
Veräußerung eine Person oder eine Gruppe von gemeinsam handelnden Personen im Sinne von § 2 
Abs. 5 WpÜG unmittelbar oder mittelbar Inhaber von mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte der 
Continental AG wird; oder 
(iii) der Verkauf, die Abtretung, Übertragung, Vermietung bzw. Verpachtung oder sonstige Veräußerung 
aller oder im Wesentlichen aller Vermögenswerte (auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelt) der Continental 
AG an eine Person (mit Ausnahme eines Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns). 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) bezeichnet für jede Schuldverschreibung [Prozentsatz des 
Nennbetrags] % des Nennbetrags dieser Schuldverschreibung, zuzüglich aufgelaufener und nicht 
gezahlter Zinsen bis zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich). 
(b) Wenn ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt, wird die Emittentin, unverzüglich nachdem sie hiervon Kenntnis 
erlangt 
hat, 
die 
Gläubiger 
hiervon 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 14 
(eine 
Rückzahlungsereignismitteilung) unterrichten, in der die Umstände des Kontrollwechsels sowie das 
Verfahren für die Ausübung der in diesem § 6(3) genannten Rückzahlungsoption angegeben sind 
(einschließlich der Angaben zum Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle für die Zwecke von Unterabschnitt 
(c)(ii)(x) dieses § 6(3)).

--- Page 161 ---
161 
(c) Zur Ausübung der Rückzahlungsoption muss der Gläubiger an einem Geschäftstag innerhalb eines 
Zeitraums 
von 
30 Tagen 
nach 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Rückzahlungsereignismitteilung 
(der 
Rückzahlungszeitraum) (i) bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Zahlstelle eine ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte Ausübungserklärung einreichen, die in ihrer jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei der Zahlstelle 
erhältlich ist (eine Ausübungserklärung), und (ii) den Gesamtbetrag der Festgelegten Stückelung der 
Schuldverschreibungen angeben, für welche der Gläubiger seine Rückzahlungsoption ausüben möchte, 
indem er entweder (x) diese Schuldverschreibungen auf das Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle 
überträgt oder (y) der Zahlstelle eine unwiderrufliche Anweisung erteilt, die betreffenden Schuldver-
schreibungen aus einem Wertpapierkonto des Gläubigers bei der Zahlstelle auszubuchen. Die Emittentin 
wird 
die 
maßgebliche(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) 
am 
siebten 
Tage 
nach 
Ablauf 
des 
Rückzahlungszeitraums (der Vorzeitige Rückzahlungstag (Put)) zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer Wahl 
ankaufen (bzw. ankaufen lassen), soweit sie nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
entwertet wurde(n). Die Zahlung in Bezug auf die in dieser Weise eingereichte(n) Schuldverschreibung(en) 
erfolgt in der üblichen Weise über das Clearingsystem. Eine einmal abgegebene Ausübungserklärung ist 
unwiderruflich. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügig ausstehendem Nennbetrag 
vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
(4) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügig ausstehendem Nennbetrag. Wenn 80 % 
oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen durch die Continental AG oder ein 
anderes Mitglied der Continental Gruppe zurückgezahlt oder zurückerworben wurden, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, jederzeit nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen (außer Schuldverschreibungen, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits von Gläubigern durch Ausübung ihrer Rückzahlungsoption gemäß § 6(3) verlangt 
wurde) insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig zu 
kündigen und zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurück zu zahlen.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses 
vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar:  
[(4)][(5)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses. Falls ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist und es nach Auffassung der Emittentin nicht möglich ist, einen Ersatz-
Angebotssatz gemäß § 4(2)(b) oder einen Alternativ-Angebotssatz gemäß § 4(2)(b) zu bestimmen, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt mit einer Frist von mindestens 30 
und höchstens 60 Tagen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum Nennbetrag, nebst etwaiger bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines €STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses und €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar:  
[(4)][(5)] 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses und €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag. Falls ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis und 
ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 4(2)(d) bestimmt werden soll, 
ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum Nennbetrag nebst 
etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses und SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar:  
[(4)][(5)] 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses und SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag. Falls ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis und 
ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 4(2)(f) bestimmt werden soll, 
ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum Nennbetrag nebst 
etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) vorzeitig 
kündbar sind, gilt Folgendes: 
[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call). Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl [im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) gilt Folgendes: zu dem 
bzw. den folgenden Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en)] [im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum(-räumen) gilt 
Folgendes innerhalb des bzw. der folgenden Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums(-zeiträume)] alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 60 
Tagen und nicht mehr als 90 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Gläubigern 
vorzeitig zu kündigen und zu folgendem Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) bzw. folgenden Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
(Call) zuzüglich aller bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen zurückzuzahlen: 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[tag(e)] 
[zeitraum(-räume))] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) 
bzw. 
Wahlrückzahlungs-
zeitraum(-räume)] 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)/ 
Rückzahlungsbeträge (Call)] 
Die Rückzahlung erfolgt vorbehaltlich des Rechts der Gläubiger, an einem Zinszahlungstag, der vor oder auf 
den Rückzahlungstag fällt, Zinsen zu erhalten.] 
§ 7  
ZAHLSTELLE, EMISSIONSSTELLE, BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
(1) Bestellung; Bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfängliche Zahlstelle, die Emissionsstelle und die anfängliche 
Berechnungsstelle und ihre anfänglichen bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen sind: 
Emissions- und Zahlstelle: 
 
Citibank Europe plc  
 
 
 
 
 
1 North Wall Quay  
 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
 
 
Irland 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
 
 
[●] 
Die Zahlstelle, die Emissionsstelle und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung 
der Zahlstelle, der Emissionsstelle oder der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden, und eine andere 
Zahlstelle, zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen, eine andere Emissionsstelle oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle [im Fall von Zahlungen in US-Dollar 
gilt Folgendes: (und, falls Zahlungen bei den oder über die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich werden oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City)], eine Emissionsstelle und eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten. Eine 
Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in 
dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), wenn die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 14 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin. Die Zahlstelle, die Emissionsstelle und die Berechnungsstelle und jede 
sonstige gemäß Ziffer (2) bestellte Zahlstelle handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. Die Zahlstelle, die Emissionsstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle und jede sonstige gemäß Ziffer (2) beauftragte Stelle haben die Verpflichtungen und nur 
diese Verpflichtungen, die ausdrücklich im Agency Agreement und diesen Emissionsbedingungen festgelegt 
sind.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
Agency Agreement bezeichnet ein Agency Agreement zwischen der Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance 
B.V., Continental Rubber of America, Corp., der Citibank Europe plc als Emissionsstelle und den anderen 
darin genannten Parteien. 
§ 8  
BESTEUERUNG 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: und sämtliche aufgrund der Garantie zu zahlenden Beträge] 
sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die von oder für Rechnung eines Hoheitsgebietes, in welchem die Emittentin [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] 
gegründet ist, Geschäften nachgeht, ihren Steuersitz hat oder allgemein einer Steuer vom Nettoeinkommen und -
ertrag unterworfen ist, oder über welches bzw. von welchem aus Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. aufgrund der 
Garantie] geleistet werden, oder von oder für Rechnung einer seiner politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden (jeweils ein Maßgebliches Steuerhoheitsgebiet) an der Quelle auferlegt oder erhoben werden, zu 
leisten, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher Einbehalt 
hinsichtlich auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlender Beträge [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. aufgrund der Garantie zu zahlender Beträge] gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben, wird die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin (dies ist in jeder Garantie vorzusehen)] diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge 
(die Zusätzlichen Beträge) zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären. Die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern oder Abgaben, die: 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines Gläubigers handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die keinen Abzug oder Einbehalt von Zahlungen von Kapital oder 
Zinsen durch die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die Garantin] darstellen; oder 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des Gläubigers zu 
dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet zu entrichten sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. aufgrund der Garantie] aus Quellen in dem Maßgeblichen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert 
sind; oder 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung von 
Zinserträgen oder (ii) einem zwischenstaatlichen Abkommen oder einer Vereinbarung über die 
betreffende Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von CGF begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder das Königreich der Niederlande] oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung oder dieses Abkommen oder diese Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
(d) nicht erhoben oder einbehalten worden wären, wenn es der Gläubiger oder wirtschaftliche Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen (für diese Zwecke einschließlich eines Finanzinstituts, über das der Gläubiger 
oder wirtschaftliche Eigentümer die Schuldverschreibungen hält oder über das die Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen geleistet wird) nach einer von oder im Namen der Emittentin [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin] 
oder einer Zahlstelle an die Anschrift des Gläubigers oder wirtschaftlichen Eigentümers übermittelten 
Aufforderung zumindest in Textform (§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (welche zu einem Zeitpunkt 
übermittelt wurde, zu dem es dem Inhaber bzw. wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer bei Anwendung der 
gebotenen Sorgfalt möglich gewesen wäre, der Aufforderung nachzukommen, und in jedem Fall 
mindestens 30 Tage vor dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem der Einbehalt oder Abzug vorgenommen werden müsste) 
nicht versäumt hätte, Bescheinigungs-, Identifizierungs-, Informations- oder andere Meldepflichten 
einzuhalten, die aufgrund von Gesetzen, Abkommen, Vorschriften oder der Verwaltungspraxis eines 
Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiets bestehen (unter anderem eine Pflicht zur Bescheinigung, dass der

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Gläubiger bzw. wirtschaftliche Eigentümer nicht in dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet ansässig ist) 
und deren Einhaltung eine Voraussetzung für eine Befreiung von Steuern oder eine Reduzierung des 
Prozentsatzes des Einbehalts oder Abzugs von Steuern, die von dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet 
erhoben werden, darstellt, jeweils jedoch nur soweit die Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen, Informationen 
oder Unterlagen durch den Gläubiger bzw. wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer rechtlich zulässig ist, oder 
(e) gemäß folgenden Bestimmungen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind: Sections 1471 bis 1474 des Internal 
Revenue Code der Vereinigten Staaten von 1986 in der jeweils geltenden Fassung (das Steuergesetz), 
allen bestehenden oder zukünftigen Regelungen oder offiziellen Auslegungen zu diesen Sections, einer 
aufgrund von Section 1471(b) des Steuergesetzes abgeschlossenen Vereinbarung oder steuer- oder 
aufsichtsrechtlichen Gesetzen, Vorschriften oder Richtlinien, die aufgrund einer im Zusammenhang mit 
der Umsetzung dieser Sections des Steuergesetzes abgeschlossenen zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
erlassen werden, oder  
(f) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu entrichten sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 wirksam wird, oder 
(g) aufgrund der Ansässigkeit des Gläubigers (oder Begünstigten oder sonstigem Empfänger von Zahlungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. der Garantie]) in einem nicht kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im 
Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb in der Fassung 
wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich der aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen 
Verordnungen) zu zahlen sind, oder 
(h) wenn eine Kombination der vorstehenden Absätze (a)-(g) vorliegt. 
Ebenso werden hinsichtlich einer Zahlung auf eine Schuldverschreibung keine Zusätzlichen Beträge an einen 
Gläubiger gezahlt, der die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder als Personengesellschaft oder als sonstige Person, die 
nicht der alleinige wirtschaftliche Eigentümer der Zahlung ist, erhält, soweit die Zahlung nach dem Recht des 
Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiets steuerlich den Einkünften eines Treugebers bezüglich eines solchen 
Treuhänders oder eines Gesellschafters der Personengesellschaft oder eines wirtschaftlichen Eigentümers 
zuzurechnen wäre, der selbst nicht zum Erhalt solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge berechtigt wäre, wenn er 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen wäre. 
Klarstellend wird darauf hingewiesen, dass die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland aufgrund von zum 
Begebungstag geltenden Steuergesetzen auf Ebene der Depotbank derzeit erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer und der 
darauf jeweils anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag keine Steuer oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinne sind, 
für die Zusätzliche Beträge seitens der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin] zu zahlen wären. 
§ 9  
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
§ 10  
KÜNDIGUNGSGRÜNDE 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Falls ein Kündigungsgrund eintritt und fortbesteht, ist jeder Gläubiger berechtigt, seine 
gesamten Ansprüche aus den Schuldverschreibungen durch Übermittlung einer Kündigungserklärung gemäß 
§ 10(3) an die Emissionsstelle fällig zu stellen und vorbehaltlich § 10(2) deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zu 
ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen. Jedes der folgenden Ereignisse stellt einen Kündigungsgrund dar. 
(a) Nichtzahlung von Kapital. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder, falls diese nicht, die Garantin] zahlt auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällige Kapitalbeträge nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrem Fälligkeitstermin; 
oder

--- Page 165 ---
165 
(b) Nichtzahlung von Zinsen. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder, falls diese nicht, die Garantin] zahlt auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällige Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach deren Fälligkeitstermin; oder 
(c) Verletzung sonstiger Verpflichtungen. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin] erfüllt eine andere Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. der Garantie] nicht ordnungsgemäß, und diese Pflichtverletzung, 
sofern sie geheilt werden kann, wird ab dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Emissionsstelle hierüber eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten und diese Benachrichtigung der Emittentin entsprechend 
weitergeleitet hat, mehr als 30 Geschäftstage lang nicht geheilt; oder 
(d) Zahlungseinstellung. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, die Garantin] oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft gibt ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen allgemein ein; oder 
(e) Insolvenz etc. [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: Ein Continental-Insolvenzereignis tritt ein, oder ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft, oder die Emittentin oder eine 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft beantragt ein solches Verfahren oder leitet ein solches Verfahren ein, 
oder ein Dritter beantragt ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft, und ein solches Verfahren wird nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt] [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: Ein Continental-Insolvenzereignis tritt ein, oder ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft, oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft beantragt ein 
solches Verfahren oder leitet ein solches Verfahren ein, oder ein Dritter beantragt ein Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft, und ein solches Verfahren wird nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt]. 
 
Continental-Insolvenzereignis bezeichnet die Bestellung eines vorläufigen Insolvenzverwalters oder 
eines Insolvenzverwalters im Hinblick auf die Continental AG (unter anderem einschließlich eines 
Antrags auf Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens aus den in §§ 17 bis 19 der Insolvenzordnung genannten 
Gründen durch die der Continental AG oder einen Gläubiger der Continental AG, ausgenommen jedoch 
solche Anträge Dritter, die unbegründet oder missbräuchlich sind und innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der 
Antragstellung aufgehoben, ausgesetzt oder abgewiesen werden; oder 
(f) Liquidation. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes:, die Garantin] oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft geht in Liquidation (es 
sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung, 
sofern die andere oder neue Gesellschaft bzw. die anderen oder neuen Gesellschaften im Wesentlichen 
alle Aktiva und Passiva der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, der Garantin] oder der Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft übernimmt 
bzw. übernehmen); oder 
(g) Cross-Default. (x) Eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit eines Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns (die in 
jedem Fall keine Verbindlichkeit aus den Schuldverschreibungen ist) wird aufgrund eines 
Kündigungsgrundes (gleich welcher Art) vor ihrem festgelegten Fälligkeitstermin fällig und zahlbar (ob 
durch 
Erklärung, 
automatische 
Fälligstellung 
oder 
in 
sonstiger 
Weise) 
oder 
(y) 
eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit eines Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns (die in jedem Fall keine 
Verbindlichkeit aus den Schuldverschreibungen ist) wird weder bei Fälligkeit noch innerhalb einer 
ursprünglich anwendbaren Nachfrist bezahlt; dies gilt jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass kein 
Kündigungsgrund gemäß diesem Absatz (g) eintritt, wenn sich der Gesamtbetrag der unter die 
vorstehenden Absätze (x) oder (y) fallenden Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten auf weniger als 
EUR 100.000.000 (bzw. den Gegenwert in der anwendbaren Währung) beläuft [; oder][.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:  
(h) Garantie. (A) Die Garantie wird durch Gerichtsentscheidung für nicht vollstreckbar oder nichtig erklärt 
oder entfaltet aus einem anderen Grund keine volle Wirksamkeit mehr oder (B) die Garantin oder

--- Page 166 ---
166 
irgendeine im Auftrag einer Garantin handelnde Person bestreitet ihre Verpflichtungen aus der Garantie 
oder erkennt diese nicht an.] 
(2) Quorum. Falls ein Kündigungsgrund (mit Ausnahme eines in § 10(1)(d) genannten Kündigungsgrundes in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin] oder eines in § 10(1)(e) genannten Kündigungsgrundes in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: oder die Garantin]) eingetreten ist und fortbesteht, werden Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern, 
sofern nicht bei deren Eingang eines der in § 10(1)(a) bis § 10(1)(c) oder § 10(1)(f) bis § 10(1)[(g)][(h)] 
genannten Ereignisse, die Gläubiger zur Kündigung ihrer Schuldverschreibungen berechtigen, eingetreten ist, 
erst wirksam, wenn bei der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen eingegangen sind, die sich auf mindestens 
10 % des Gesamtnennbetrags der zu diesem Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen beziehen. Zur 
Klarstellung: Die Emissionsstelle ist nicht verpflichtet, gegenüber Gläubigern bekanntzugeben, ob und wann 
bei ihr Kündigungserklärungen eingegangen sind, die sich auf mindestens 10 % des Gesamtnennbetrags der zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen beziehen. 
(3) Kündigungserklärungen. Eine Erklärung eines Gläubigers zur Kündigung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 10(1) und § 10(2) (eine Kündigungserklärung) hat durch entsprechende Erklärung an die 
angegebene Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle zumindest in Textform (§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache zu erfolgen und ist der Emissionsstelle zusammen mit einem Nachweis in 
Form einer Bescheinigung der Depotbank des Gläubigers (wie in § 16(3) definiert), die bestätigt, dass der 
Gläubiger zum Datum der Kündigungserklärung ein Gläubiger der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist, zu 
übermitteln. 
(4)  Keine Kündigung. Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
wurde. Vorbehaltlich anwendbaren zwingenden Rechts berechtigen andere Ereignisse oder Umstände als die 
in § 10(1) genannten den Gläubiger nicht dazu, seine Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zur Rückzahlung fällig 
zu stellen, es sei denn, dies ist ausdrücklich in diesen Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt. 
§ 11  
ERSETZUNG 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: die Continental AG] 
oder eine Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen (die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) einzusetzen, 
sofern: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen in 
rechtlich wirksamer Weise übernimmt; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Continental AG begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: und die Emittentin] [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, die Emittentin und die Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist)] alle staatlichen und aufsichtsrechtlichen Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen 
erhalten haben, die für die Ersetzung und für die Gewährung einer Nachfolgegarantie [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: durch die 
Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist)] erforderlich sind, und die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle staatlichen und aufsichtsrechtlichen Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen 
erhalten hat, die für die Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen erforderlich sind, 
und alle Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen uneingeschränkt wirksam sind, und die von der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen übernommenen Verpflichtungen [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: und die von 
der Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist)] im Rahmen ihrer Nachfolgegarantie 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen jeweils wirksame und gemäß ihren jeweiligen Bedingungen 
rechtsverbindliche Verpflichtungen darstellen, die von jedem Gläubiger durchgesetzt werden können;

--- Page 167 ---
167 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
erforderlichen Beträge in der erforderlichen Währung und ohne Verpflichtung zum Abzug oder Einbehalt 
von Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die von dem Land erhoben werden, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist)] ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, an die Zahlstelle zahlen kann; 
(d) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger von allen Steuern, Abgaben oder 
behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger bezüglich einer solchen Ersetzung auferlegt 
werden; 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(e) die Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist) erklärt, dass ihre Garantie bezüglich 
der Schuldverschreibungen auch für die Nachfolgeschuldnerin gilt (jede solche Erklärung eine 
Nachfolgegarantie); 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(e) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber jedem Gläubiger die Zahlung aller von der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge garantiert;] und 
(f) die Emittentin einer für diese Zwecke beauftragten Stelle für jede betroffene Rechtsordnung ein 
Rechtsgutachten von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten (wie in § 6(2) definiert) übermittelt, welches bestätigt, 
dass die Bestimmungen der vorstehenden Absätze (a) bis (e) erfüllt wurden. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 11 und der Tag, an dem diese Ersetzung 
wirksam wird, ist gemäß § 14 bekannt zu machen. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen: Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme auf das für die Emittentin Maßgebliche Steuerhoheitsgebiet als Bezugnahme auf das für die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin Maßgebliche Steuerhoheitsgebiet. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung Folgendes: 
(a) Falls das Maßgebliche Steuerhoheitsgebiet der Nachfolgeschuldnerin nicht die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland umfasst, gilt in § 8 und § 6(2) zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme gemäß vorstehendem Satz auf 
das Maßgebliche Steuerhoheitsgebiet der Nachfolgeschuldnerin eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Continental AG begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(b) In § 10 soll ein weiterer Kündigungsgrund als erfasst gelten; ein solcher Kündigungsgrund soll in jenem 
Fall bestehen, dass (A) die Garantie gemäß § 11(1)(e) durch Gerichtsentscheidung für nicht vollstreckbar 
oder nichtig erklärt wird oder aus einem anderen Grund keine volle Wirksamkeit mehr entfaltet oder (B) 
die Garantin gemäß § 11(1)(e) oder irgendeine im Auftrag einer Garantin handelnde Person ihre 
Verpflichtungen aus der Garantie bestreitet oder diese nicht anerkennt.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: 
(b) § 10(1)(i) gilt als dergestalt ergänzt, dass der Wegfall der Wirksamkeit, Rechtsverbindlichkeit oder 
Durchsetzbarkeit der Nachfolgegarantie gegen die Garantin (sofern die Garantin nicht selbst die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist) einen Kündigungsgrund darstellt.] 
(4) Befreiung von Verpflichtungen. Eine wirksame Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 11 befreit die 
Emittentin von allen Verpflichtungen aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) Weitere Ersetzung. Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß vorstehender Ziffer (1) ist die Nachfolgeschuldnerin jederzeit 
berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger eine weitere Ersetzung für sich selbst durch die Continental AG 
(sofern die Nachfolgeschuldnerin nicht selbst die Continental AG ist) oder eine Tochtergesellschaft der 
Continental AG durchzuführen. Dies gilt mit der Maßgabe, dass in diesem Fall alle in den vorstehenden 
Ziffern (1) bis (4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen entsprechende Anwendung finden und unter anderem 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin, wenn der Zusammenhang dies erfordert, 
als Bezugnahmen auf die weitere Nachfolgeschuldnerin gelten oder diese einschließen [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, und dass eine

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Ersetzung gemäß diesem § 11 in keinem Fall die Garantin von einer ihrer Verpflichtungen aus ihrer Garantie 
befreit]. 
§ 12  
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Maßgeblichen 
Begebungstags, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) die gleichen Bedingungen wie die 
Schuldverschreibungen haben und zusammen mit den Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
Maßgeblicher Begebungstag bezeichnet den Tag, an dem eine Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen erstmals 
begeben wird; in Bezug auf die am Begebungstag ursprünglich begebene erste Tranche der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist der Maßgebliche Begebungstag der Begebungstag. 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt Folgendes: und die Garantin] [ist][sind] berechtigt (direkt oder über eine Tochtergesellschaft), 
Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis anzukaufen, soweit 
gesetzlich zulässig. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: und der Garantin] von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: ; ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
(1) Mehrheitsbeschlüsse nach dem Schuldverschreibungsgesetz. Die Gläubiger können mit Zustimmung der 
Emittentin (soweit erforderlich) aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung die 
Emissionsbedingungen ändern oder sonstige Maßnahmen gemäß dem SchVG beschließen. Die Gläubiger 
können insbesondere einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der Emissionsbedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Abs. 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch Beschlüsse mit den in dem nachstehenden § 13(2) genannten 
Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubiger verbindlich. 
(2) Mehrheit. Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen die Gläubiger mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den Fällen des 
§ 5 Abs. 3 Nummern 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens [Prozentsatz] % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit). 
(3) Beschlussfassung. Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in einer Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
oder im Wege einer Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG fassen. 
(4) Gläubigerversammlung. Die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist 
von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Einberufung 
mitgeteilten 
Adresse 
spätestens 
am 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. Mit der Anmeldung müssen die Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme 
an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank gemäß 
§15(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zum 
angegebenen Ende der Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(5) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müssen die Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung 
zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank 
gemäß § 15(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass

--- Page 169 ---
169 
die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag 
des Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(6) Zweite Versammlung. Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung gemäß § 13(4) oder die Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann – im Fall der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 2 SchVG 
und – im Fall der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung – der Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versammlung im 
Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten Versammlung und die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Für die Anmeldung 
der Gläubiger zu einer zweiten Versammlung gilt § 13(4) Satz 3 entsprechend. 
(7) Gemeinsamer Vertreter der Gläubiger. [Falls in den Emissionsbedingungen kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
bestellt wird, gilt Folgendes: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertreter 
der Gläubiger (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) bestellen oder abberufen, und die Pflichten, Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse des Gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung der Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter und eine Haftungsbegrenzung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen. § §13(2) bis (6) gelten auch für 
die Beschlussfassung über die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters. Der Beschluss zur Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter befugt ist, 
Änderungen des wesentlichen Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen oder sonstigen wesentlichen Maßnahmen 
gemäß § 13(2) zuzustimmen.] 
[Falls in den Emissionsbedingungen ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird, gilt Folgendes: Der 
gemeinsame Vertreter der Gläubiger (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist [Name, Adresse]. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat die gesetzlich vorgesehenen Pflichten, Aufgaben und Befugnisse. Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es sei denn, dem Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. Für die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG.] 
(8) Bekanntmachungen. Alle Bekanntmachungen bezüglich dieses § 13 erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
(9) Die vorstehenden auf die Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: die Bestimmungen der Garantie und] die Bestimmungen einer etwaigen im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Ersetzung der Emittentin gewährten Garantie. 
§ 14  
MITTEILUNGEN 
(1) Vorbehaltlich § 13(8) erfolgen alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen durch 
Veröffentlichung im Bundesanzeiger. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Kalendertag nach dem Tag ihrer 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen dem dritten Kalendertag nach dem Tag der ersten 
solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, gilt Folgendes: Alle 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Publikation als wirksam erfolgt.] 
(2) Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem. [Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen gilt 
Folgendes: Die Emittentin übermittelt alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) an der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, gilt Folgendes: Solange die Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am geregelten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, gilt 
Ziffer (1). Soweit dies Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, kann die Emittentin die Veröffentlichung nach Ziffer (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Übermittlung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer anderen Börse als dem amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Emittentin kann die Veröffentlichung nach Ziffer (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen, sofern die Regeln 
der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
(3) Mitteilung an die Emittentin. Mitteilungen eines Gläubigers an die Emittentin sind zumindest in Textform 
(§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) an die angegebene Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle zu übermitteln. Eine 
solche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger an die Emissionsstelle kann über das betreffende Clearingsystem in 
einer von der Emissionsstelle und dem betreffenden Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
§ 15  
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND, GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG UND 
URTEILSWÄHRUNG 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich nach deutschem Recht, jeweils unter Ausschluss der Grundsätze 
des Internationalen Privatrechts. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden Gerichtsstandes für besondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG ist Frankfurt am Main Gerichtsstand für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstigen Verfahren. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantin], oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: oder die Garantin] Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen 
auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen und geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers angibt, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen angibt, die zum Datum der Bescheinigung in dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind, und 
(c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) genannten Angaben enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder einer Verwahrstelle des Clearingsystems 
bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde erforderlich ist. Für die vorstehenden Zwecke bezeichnet Depotbank jede Bank oder jedes 
sonstige anerkannte Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Depotgeschäft zu betreiben, und bei der/dem der 
Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf 
jede sonstige Weise schützen und geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
[Falls die Festgelegte Währung US-Dollar ist, gilt Folgendes:  
(4) Urteilswährung. Die ausschließliche Rechnungs- und Zahlungswährung für alle von der Emittentin [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin] 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: und der Garantie] zu leistenden Zahlungen ist US-Dollar. 
Jeder Betrag, der von einem Gläubiger in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder die Garantie] für 
einen ihm bestimmungsgemäß von der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder 
CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin] geschuldeten Betrag (aufgrund oder durch 
Vollstreckung eines Urteils oder Beschlusses eines zuständigen Gerichts im Zusammenhang mit der 
Liquidation oder Auflösung der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF und CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: oder der Garantin,] einer Tochtergesellschaft oder in sonstiger Weise) 
erhalten oder beigetrieben wird, befreit die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF 
oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: bzw. die betreffende Garantin] nur in Höhe des Betrags in US-
Dollar, den der Empfänger mit dem in der anderen Währung erhaltenen oder beigetriebenen Betrag an dem 
Tag des Erhalts bzw. der Beitreibung kaufen kann (oder, falls ein solcher Kauf an diesem Tag nicht möglich

--- Page 171 ---
171 
ist, an dem ersten Tag, an dem ein solcher Kauf möglich ist), von ihrer Zahlungspflicht. Falls dieser Betrag in 
US-Dollar niedriger ist als der Betrag in US-Dollar, der dem Empfänger bestimmungsgemäß aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
oder 
der 
Garantie] 
geschuldet 
wird, 
haben 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes: und die Garantin] dem 
Empfänger jeden Schaden bzw. Verlust zu ersetzen, der ihm dadurch entsteht. In jedem Fall haben die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben werden, gilt 
Folgendes: und die Garantin] dem Empfänger die Kosten eines solchen Kaufs zu ersetzen. Für diese Zwecke 
reicht es aus, wenn der Gläubiger bescheinigt, dass ihm im Fall des tatsächlichen Kaufs von US-Dollar mit 
dem in der anderen Währung erhaltenen oder beigetriebenen Betrag an dem Tag des Erhalts bzw. der 
Beitreibung (oder, falls ein solcher Kauf von US-Dollar an diesem Tag nicht möglich war, an dem ersten Tag, 
an dem ein solcher Kauf möglich gewesen wäre) ein Schaden bzw. Verlust entstanden wäre. Diese 
Entschädigungspflichten stellen eine gesonderte Verpflichtung dar, die unabhängig von den sonstigen 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA begeben 
werden, gilt Folgendes: und der Garantin] besteht, begründen einen gesonderten und eigenständigen 
einklagbaren Anspruch, gelten ungeachtet irgendeines von einem Gläubiger gewährten Verzichts (außer eines 
Verzichts auf die in diesem Abschnitt genannten Entschädigungspflichten) und bleiben ungeachtet irgendeines 
anderen Urteils, Beschlusses, Anspruchs oder Beweises eines bezifferten Betrages im Hinblick auf einen 
aufgrund einer Schuldverschreibung [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF oder CRoA 
begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:, der Garantie] oder eines anderen Urteils oder Beschlusses fälligen Betrag 
uneingeschränkt wirksam.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von CGF und CRoA begeben werden, gilt Folgendes:  
(5) Zustellungsbevollmächtigter. Die Emittentin hat die Garantin zu ihrem Zustellungsbevollmächtigten für 
etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten vor deutschen Gerichten im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
bestellt.] 
§ 16 
SPRACHE 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, gilt Folgendes:  
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]  
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, gilt Folgendes:  
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, gilt Folgendes:  
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
In case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member states of the European 
Economic Area other than Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of 
Continental (www.continental.com). 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
[EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the product approval process 
conducted by [the/each] Dealer who is a manufacturer with respect to the Notes for the purposes of the MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (each a manufacturer), the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that, as at the date hereof: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is [eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][●]; and (ii) [all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate][●] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. [Continental AG is not]1 [None of Continental AG and [Conti-
Gummi Finance B.V.] [Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] is]2 a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of 
the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules).]3 [●] 
[EUROPÄISCHER WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM (EWR) MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / 
ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN 
UND 
GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN 
– 
Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/jedes] Dealers, der ein Konzepteur im Sinne der Delegierten Richtlinie 2017/593 
hinsichtlich der MiFID II Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten ist (ein Konzepteur) im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass zum heutigen Zeitpunkt: (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen [ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der 
Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst][●] und (ii) [alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind] [●] 
[Negative Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft 
oder empfiehlt (ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle 
zu bestimmen. [Continental AG ist kein]4 [Weder Continental AG noch [Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.] [Continental 
Rubber of America, Corp.] sind ein] 5  Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID II 
Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten im Sinne der Delegierten Richtlinie (EU) 2017/593 (die MiFID II 
Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten).]6 [●] 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Conduct of 
 
1  
Include if Continental AG is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
2  
Include if Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. or Continental Rubber of America, Corp. is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
3 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only." 
4  
Einfügen, falls Continental AG die Emittentin der Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
5  
Einfügen, falls Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. oder Continental Rubber of America, Corp. die Emittentin der Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
6 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien".

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK Distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. [Continental AG 
is not]7 [None of Continental AG and [Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.] [Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] is]8 a 
manufacturer or UK Distributor for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]9 
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen 
ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien, im Sinne des Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct 
Authority - FCA) "Conduct of Business Sourcebook" (COBS), und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 Teil des Rechts des VK ist (VK 
MiFIR), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden angemessen sind [Negative Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem Handbuch der 
FCA "Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook" (VK MiFIR Bestimmungen zu 
Produktüberwachungspflichten) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung 
der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. [Continental 
AG ist kein]10 [Weder Continental AG noch [Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.] [Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] 
sind ein] 11  Konzepteur oder ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der VK MiFIR Bestimmungen zu 
Produktüberwachungspflichten.]]12 
[EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the product 
approval process conducted by [the/each] Dealer who is a manufacturer with respect to the Notes for the purposes of 
the MiFID II Product Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (each a manufacturer), the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that, as at the date hereof: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is [eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II)][●]; EITHER13 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR14 [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]][●] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
 
7 
Include in case Continental AG is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
8 
Include in case Conti-Gummi Finance B. V. or Continental Rubber of America, Corp. is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
9 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties 
only". 
10 
Einfügen, wenn Continental AG die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
11 
Einfügen, wenn Conti-Gummi Finance B. V. oder Continental Rubber of America, Corp. die Emittentin der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
12  Legende einsetzen, wenn VK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". 
13 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the ESMA Guidelines). 
14 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales 
are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under article 25(3) of MiFID II.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]15. [Continental AG is not]16 [None of Continental AG and 
[Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.] [Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] is]17 a manufacturer or distributor for the 
purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules).]]18 [●] 
[EUROPÄISCHER WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM (EWR) MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / 
ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN 
- Die Zielmarktbestimmung [des/jedes] Dealers, der ein Konzepteur im Sinne der Delegierten Richtlinie 2017/593 
hinsichtlich der MiFID II Zielmarktbewertung ist (ein Konzepteur) im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass zum heutigen Zeitpunkt (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen [geeignete Gegenparteien, 
professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst] [●]; ENTWEDER19 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] ODER 20  [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-
Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [●] 
[Negative Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft 
oder empfiehlt (ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf die 
Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit] 21, zu bestimmen. [Continental AG ist kein] 22 [Weder Continental AG noch 
[Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.] [Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] sind ein] 23  Konzepteur oder ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID II Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten im Sinne der 
Delegierten Richtlinie (EU) 2017/593 (die MiFID II Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten).] 24 [●] 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA 
(UK MiFIR); EITHER25 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] 26 ] OR 27  [(ii) all channels for 
 
15 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
16  Include if Continental AG is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
17  Include if Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. or Continental Rubber of America, Corp. is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
18 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
19 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen (ESMA/2015/1787) 
(die ESMA Leitlinien) ESMA komplex sind. 
20 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls angepasst 
werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und 
Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von 
Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
21 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
22  Einfügen, falls Continental AG die Emittentin der Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
23  Einfügen, falls Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. oder Continental Rubber of America, Corp. die Emittentin der Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
24 
Einfügen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
25 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS)  
26 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels 
of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a UK Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the UK Distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].28 [Continental AG is not]29 [None of Continental AG and 
[Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.] [Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] is]30 a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the 
purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]31 [●] 
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT 
KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch 
das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 (EUWA) Teil des Rechts des VK ist, geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des 
Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct Authority - FCA) "Conduct of Business Sourcebook" 
(COBS), und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EUWA Teil des 
Rechts des VK ist (VK MiFIR), umfasst; ENTWEDER 32  [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne 
Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen] 33 ] ODER 34  [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind und (iii) die 
folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – 
Anlageberatung[,][ 
und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
][und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick auf 
Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. [Negative Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook 
Product 
Intervention 
and 
Product 
Governance 
Sourcebook 
(die 
VK 
MiFIR 
Bestimmungen 
zu 
Produktüberwachungspflichten) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung 
der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle [nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des VK Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit] 35 , zu 
bestimmen.]] [Continental AG ist kein]36 [Weder Continental AG noch [Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.] [Continental 
 
27  Include for certain ESMA complex Notes (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
28 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
29 
Include in case Continental AG is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
30 
Include in case Conti-Gummi Finance B. V. or Continental Rubber of America, Corp. is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
31 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
32 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS reflektiert). 
33 
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, insbesondere für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im VK-Kontext, 
wie in COBS reflektiert) und bei denen alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den 
Beispielen der ESMA Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
34 
Einfügen für bestimmte ESMA komplexe Schuldverschreibungen (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS definiert). Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls 
angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der 
Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße 
Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. 
35 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne 
Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit 
notwendig.  
36 
Einfügen, wenn Continental AG die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Rubber of America, Corp.] sind ein]37 Konzepteur oder ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der VK MiFIR 
Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]]38 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, 
the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]39 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die 
Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden 
Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014 /65/EU (in ihrer 
jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID 
II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 (in ihrer jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, die Prospektverordnung). Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in 
ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die PRIIPs-Verordnung) erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für 
das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger 
im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]40 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, (as amended FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended as it forms part of UK law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]41 
[VERBOT 
DES 
VERKAUFS 
AN 
KLEINANLEGER 
IM 
VEREINIGTEN 
KÖNIGREICH 
– 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich (VK) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im VK nicht angeboten, nicht an 
diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien 
erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, soweit diese 
 
37 
Einfügen, wenn Conti-Gummi Finance B. V. oder Continental Rubber of America, Corp. die Emittentin der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
38 
Legende einsetzen, wenn VK MIFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
39  To be included in case "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is selected to be "applicable" in Part II of the Final Terms.  
40 
Legende einzufügen, sofern in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum" 
für "anwendbar" erklärt wird. 
41 
To be included in case "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is selected to be "applicable" in Part II of the Final Terms.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 (EUWA) Teil des Rechts des VK ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung (FSMA), und aller 
Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen 
wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Abs. 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 600/2014, soweit diese durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist; oder (iii) sie ist ein Anleger, der kein 
qualifizierter Anleger ist im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/1129, in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, soweit 
diese durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, 
in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, soweit diese durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist (die VK PRIIPs-
Verordnung), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im VK erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im VK nach der VK 
PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]42 
 
 
42 
Legende einzufügen, sofern in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" für 
"anwendbar" erklärt wird.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
FINAL TERMS 
ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
[Continental AG, Hanover, Federal Republic of Germany] 
[Conti-Gummi Finance B.V., Maastricht, The Netherlands] 
[Continental Rubber of America, Corp., Wilmington, Delaware, United States of America] 
(the Issuer) 
(die Emittentin) 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibung] 
Series: [•], Tranche [•] 
Serien: [•], Tranche [•] 
issued pursuant to the 
begeben aufgrund des 
EUR 7,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Dated May 4, 2022 
vom 4. Mai 2022 
of 
der 
Continental AG 
Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. 
and  
und 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp. 
Issue Price: [      ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis: [      ] % 
Issue Date: [      ]1 
Begebungstag: [      ] 
 
Important Notice 
These are the Final Terms of an issue of Notes under the EUR 7,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of 
Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. and Continental Rubber of America, Corp. (the Programme). These 
Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of article 8(5) of in conjunction with article 25(4) of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated May 4, 2022 [as supplemented by [a] 
supplement[s] dated [•]] (the Prospectus). Full information on [Continental AG][,][Conti-Gummi Finance 
B.V.][Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of the Prospectus and these Final Terms. The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for 
viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be 
obtained free of charge from Continental AG, Vahrenwalder Straße 9, 30165 Hanover, Germany. [A summary fully 
completed for the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]2 
 
1  
The Issue is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag der 
Begebung der Tag der Lieferung 
2 
May be deleted in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Kann im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens EUR 100.000 gelöscht werden.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem 
EUR 7.500.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Continental AG, der Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. und der 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp. (das Programm). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des 
Artikel 8 Abs. 5 i.V.m. Artikel 25 Abs. 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des 
Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils geänderten Fassung, die Prospektverordnung), abgefasst und sind in 
Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 4. Mai 2022 [, ergänzt durch [den Nachtrag][die Nachträge] vom [•]] (der 
Prospekt) zu lesen. Vollständige Informationen über [Continental AG][,][Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.][Continental 
Rubber of America, Corp.] und das Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen sind nur verfügbar, wenn die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen und der Prospekt zusammengenommen werden. Der Prospekt sowie jeder Nachtrag können in 
elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Kostenlose 
Kopien sind erhältlich unter Continental AG, Vahrenwalder Straße 9, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland. [Eine für die 
einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen vollständig ausgefüllte Zusammenfassung ist diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beigefügt.]2 
 
 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
Teil I: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II, including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:3 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, 
einfügen:3 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions) [and the [German] [English] language translation 
thereof,] are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden 
Emissionsbedingungen (die 
Bedingungen) [sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II, including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung 
auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
 
3 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required where the 
Notes are to be offered to the public, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. Delete all 
references to Part I B. of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen erforderlich ist, wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle 
Bezugnahmen auf Teil I B. der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 180 ---
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
 
180 
 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes 
with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the Terms and Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II]. 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die Emissionsbedingungen), zu 
lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert 
sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in 
diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes, shall be deemed to be 
completed with the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of 
such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are 
either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and 
Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den 
betreffenden 
Bestimmungen 
durch 
diese 
Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären. 
Sämtliche 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Emissionsbedingungen (die Bedingungen) gestrichen. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1)  
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination  
Währung und Stückelung 
Specified Currency  
[      ] or [symbol] 
Festgelegte Währung  
[      ] oder [Symbol] 
Aggregate Principal Amount  
[      ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[      ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
 
Specified Denomination 
[      ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
Issue Date  
[      ] 
Begebungstag 
 Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note  
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
 Book-Entry Register 
Effektengiro-Register 
Clearing System 
Clearingsystem 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg

--- Page 181 ---
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
 
181 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
additional or alternative Clearing System, including its address 
[      ] 
 
zusätzliches oder alternatives Clearingsystem, einschließlich Adresse 
 
Global Note4 
Globalurkunde 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
New Global Note 
INTEREST (§ 4)  
ZINSEN (§ 4) 
 Fixed Rate Notes (Option I)  
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates  
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[      ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[      ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[      ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
[      ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 
Initial Broken Amount  
[      ] 
(per Specified Denomination) 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(je Festgelegter Stückelung) 
 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[      ] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
 
Final Broken Amount 
(per Specified Denomination) 
[      ] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag  
(je Festgelegter Stückelung) 
 
Number of regular Interest Payment Dates per calendar year 
[      ] 
Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage je Kalenderjahr 
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date(s) 
[      ] 
Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e) 
 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Step-up-Option 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Step Up Margin 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
Step-up-Marge 
[      ] % per annum 
Step Up Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
Step-up-Zinssatz 
[      ] % per annum 
 
4 
Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 182 ---
El 
Ill 
El 
El 
111 
 
182 
 
Step Up Date 
[    ] 
Step-up-Tag 
[    ] 
Notice Date 
[    ] 
Mitteilungstag 
[    ] 
Step Up Event 
[One KPI] [Two KPI] [●] 
Step-up-Ereignis 
[Ein KPI] [Zwei KPI] [●] 
Deadline 
[    ] 
Ausschlussfrist 
[    ] 
KPI [1] 
[     ] 
KPI [1] 
[     ] 
[KPI 2 
[     ] 
KPI 2 
[     ]] 
Independent Verifier 
[     ] 
Unabhängige Prüfstelle 
[     ] 
Performance Target [1] 
[     ] 
Entwicklungsziel [1] 
[    ] 
[Performance Target 2 
[     ] 
Entwicklungsziel 2 
[    ]] 
Protection against dilution 
[insert dilution protection] 
Verwässerungsschutz 
[Verwässerungsschutzregel einfügen] 
Performance Target Observation Date 
[     ] 
Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag 
[    ] 
Sustainability Report 
[     ] 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht 
[    ] 
Verification Assurance Certificate 
[     ] 
Zertifizierungsbestätigung 
[    ] 
 Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date  
[      ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Specified Interest Payment Dates  
[      ] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Period(s)  
[      ] [weeks][months] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n)  
[      ] [Wochen][Monate] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 Floating Rate Note (FRN) Convention (specify period)  
[      ] [months] 
Floating Rate Note (FRN)-Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[      ] [Monate] 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
Folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Vorhergehende Geschäftstag-Konvention

--- Page 183 ---
0 
El 
El 
El 
0 
0 
0 
El 
0 
0 
El 
 
183 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 EURIBOR  
Offered Interest Rate 
[      ] 
Angebotszinssatz 
[      ] 
Specific fallback provision "Reference Rate for the preceding Interest Period" 
Besondere Fallbackregelungen "Angebotszinssatz der vorangegangenen Zinsperiode" 
 applicable 
 
anwendbar 
 not applicable 
 
nicht anwendbar 
 Compounded Daily €STR 
 
€STR Reference Rate 
[9:00 a.m.] [●] 
€STR Referenzsatz 
[9:00 Uhr] [●] 
 Lag Methode 
 
 Shift Methode 
 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded €STR Index 
 
€STR Compounded Index Value 
[9:15 a.m.] [●] 
€STR Compounded Indexwert 
[9:15 Uhr] [●] 
€STR Reference Rate 
[9:00 a.m.] [●] 
€STR Referenzsatz 
[9:00 Uhr] [●] 
€STR IndexStart 
[five][●] 
€STR IndexStart 
[fünf][●] 
€STR IndexEnd 
[five][●] 
€STR IndexEnde 
[fünf][●] 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
SOFR Reference Rate 
[3:00 p.m.] [●] 
SOFR Referenzsatz 
[15:00 Uhr] [●] 
 Lag Methode 
 
 Shift Methode 
 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded SOFR Index 
 
SOFR Compounded Index Value 
[3:00 p.m.] [●] 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert 
[15:00 Uhr] [●] 
SOFR Reference Rate 
[3:00 p.m.] [●] 
SOFR Referenzsatz 
[15:00 Uhr] [●]

--- Page 184 ---
Ei 
Ei 
o 
o 
o 
EI 
 
184 
 
SOFR IndexStart 
[five][●] 
SOFR IndexStart 
[fünf][●] 
SOFR IndexEnd 
[five][●] 
SOFR IndexEnde 
[fünf][●] 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
Interest Determination Date 
[first] [second] [TARGET] [U.S. Government 
Securities] Business Day [prior to commencement of 
the relevant Interest Period] [prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period (or the 
date falling [first] [second] [TARGET] [U.S. 
Government Securities] Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable)] 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[ersten] [zweiten] [TARGET] [US-Staatsanleihen] 
Geschäftstag [vor Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode] 
[vor dem Zinszahlungstag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
(oder, falls die Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher 
fällig werden, [ersten] [zweiten] [TARGET] [US-
Staatsanleihen] Geschäftstag vor diesem früheren 
Tag). 
Margin  
[      ] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[      ]% per annum 
 plus 
 
plus 
 minus 
 
minus 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 Minimum Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
 
Mindestzinssatz 
[      ]% per annum 
 Maximum Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
[      ]% per annum 
Day Count Fraction5 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
5  
Complete for all Notes. 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen.

--- Page 185 ---
O 
O 
 
185 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 5)6 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 5) 
Payment Business Day 
Zahltag 
 
Relevant Financial Centers (specify all) 
[      ] 
Maßgebliche Finanzplätze (alle angeben) 
 
 
TARGET 
TARGET 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 6) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 6) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
Maturity Date7 
[      ] 
Fälligkeitstag 
 
Redemption Month8 
[      ] 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
 
Adjustment Event9 
 [[once][several times] applicable] [Not applicable] 
Anpassungsereignis 
[[einmalig][mehrfach] anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Adjustment Event 
[One KPI] [Two KPI] [●] 
Anpassungsereignis 
[Ein KPI] [Zwei KPI] [●] 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Insert details on increase in Final Redemption Amount] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Details zur Erhöhung des Rückzahlunsgbetrags einfügen] 
Notice Date 
[    ] 
Mitteilungstag 
[    ] 
Deadline 
[    ] 
Ausschlussfrist 
[    ] 
KPI [1] 
[     ] 
KPI [1] 
[     ] 
[KPI 2 
[     ] 
KPI 2 
[     ]] 
Independent Verifier 
[     ] 
Unabhängige Prüfstelle 
[     ] 
Performance Target [1] 
[     ] 
Entwicklungsziel [1] 
[    ] 
[Performance Target 2 
[     ] 
Entwicklungsziel 2 
[    ]] 
Protection against dilution 
[insert dilution protection] 
Verwässerungsschutz 
[Verwässerungsschutzregel einfügen] 
 
6  
Complete for Fixes Rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen. 
7  
Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
8  
Complete for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
9  
Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Performance Target Observation Date 
[     ] 
Entwicklungsziel-Beobachtungsstichtag 
[    ] 
Sustainability Report 
[     ] 
Nachhaltigkeitsbericht 
[    ] 
Verification Assurance Certificate 
[     ] 
Zertifizierungsbestätigung 
[    ] 
Early Redemption  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
reason of Taxation10 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
aus steuerlichen Gründen 
 
Redemption amount for reasons of taxation 
[principal amount] [Final 
Redemption Amount][     ] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag aus steuerlichen Gründen 
[Nennbetrag] 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag] [     ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders in case of a change of control11 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Kontrollwechsel 
 
Early Put Redemption Amount  
[percentage of principal amount]% 
 
[Final Redemption Amount] 
 
[Other] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) 
[Prozentsatz des Nennbetrags]% 
 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
 
[Sonstiges] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
reason of Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount12 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
bei geringfügig ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Redemption amount for reasons of minimal outstanding principal amount 
[principal amount] [Final 
Redemption Amount][     ] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Kündigung wegen geringfügig ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag 
[Nennbetrag] 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag] [     ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Benchmark Event13 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence  
of a €STR Index Cessation Event and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date14  
[Yes/No] 
 
10  Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
11  Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
12  Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
13 
Complete for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
14 
Complete for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 187 ---
El 
El 
 
187 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignisses und 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence  
of a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date15  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignisses und 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Early Call Redemption Amount16 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Redemption amount for early call redemption 
[100% of principal amount] 
[Final Redemption 
Amount][     ] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Vorzeitiger Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
[100% des Nennbetrags] 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag] [     ] 
Margin 
[margin]% 
Marge 
[Marge]% 
Benchmark Yield 
[relevant time] 
Benchmark-Rendite 
[maßgebliche Uhrzeit] 
Screen Page 
[HP (setting "Last Yield To Convention"  
and using the pricing source "FRNK")] 
[other relevant screen page] 
Bildschirmseite 
[HP (Einstellung "Last Yield to Convention"  
und Verwendung der Preisquelle "FRNK")] 
[andere Bildschirmseite] 
Benchmark Security 
 
Benchmarkanleihe 
ISIN of the reference bond used at pricing the Notes 
[      ] 
ISIN der Referenzanleihe, die bei der Preisbestimmung 
der Schuldverschreibungen genannt wurde 
Maturity 
[      ] 
Fälligkeitstermin 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) (specify dates) 
[      ] 
 
Vorzeitige(r) Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) (Tage angeben) 
 
Call Redemption Period(s) (specify periods) 
[      ] 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlungszeiträume (Call) (Zeiträume angeben) 
Call Redemption Amount(s)  
[      ] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag(beträge) (Call) 
 
15 
Complete for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
16  Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen.

--- Page 188 ---
El 
El 
El 
El 
El 
 
188 
 
[PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT 17 (§ 7) 
ZAHLSTELLE, EMISSIONSSTELLE, BERECHNUNGSSTELLE (§ 7) 
Calculation Agent 
 [      ] 
Berechnungsstelle 
 [      ]] 
Stock Exchange (name and location) 
[      ] 
Börse (Name und Sitz) 
[      ] 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT (§ 9) 18 
Kündigung (§ 9)  
 
Redemption Amount in case of events of default  
[Principal Amount] [Final Redemption 
Amount][     ] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Eintritt eines Kündigungsgrundes 
[Nennbetrag] [Rückzahlungsbetrag] [   ] 
 
AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
BY RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, JOINT REPRESENTATIVE (§ 13) 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH  
BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 13) 
Qualified Majority 
[percentage] per cent. 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit 
[Prozentsatz]% 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed  
by Holders and not in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch  
Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht in den Emissionsbedingungen 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Emissionsbedingungen 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative (specify details) 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
NOTICES (§ 14) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 14) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)  
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
 Website of other stock exchange with respect to which the Issuer initiated the listing of the Notes  
Internetseite der Börse, an der die Emittentin das Listing der Schuldverschreibungen veranlasst hat 
 Clearing System 
Clearingsystem  
LANGUAGE (§ 16) 
SPRACHE (§ 16) 
 
17  Applicable only for Fixed Rate Notes that are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Early Call Redemption Amount 
and for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Nur anwendbar bei Festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) zurückzuzahlen, sowie bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen. 
18  Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 189 ---
EI 
EI 
o 
o 
EI 
EI 
EI 
 
189 
 
Language of Conditions19 
Sprache der Bedingungen 
 
German and English (German controlling)  
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
English and German (English controlling)  
 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
German only  
 
ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
English only  
 
ausschließlich Englisch] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
Allgemeine für die Schuldverschreibungen geltende Bestimmungen 
 
C Rules 
 
D Rules 
 
Book-entry Register  
 
Effektengiro-Register 
 
19  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal requirements applicable from 
time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes publicly offered, in whole or in part, in Germany, or distributed, in whole or in 
part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to 
non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be 
available from the principal office of Continental AG. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer Bestimmungen und 
soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Schuldverschreibungen maßgeblich sein wird, die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich 
zum Verkauf in Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Anleger in Deutschland verkauft werden. Falls bei einem solchen 
öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine 
deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Continental AG erhältlich sein.

--- Page 190 ---
0 
0 
 
190 
 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION20 
Teil II ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, 
die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
  
 
So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Notes has an interest material to the offer, except that 
certain Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, and 
borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer [or the Guarantor] and 
its affiliates. Proceeds from issues under the programme may  
be used to repay financial liabilities to Dealers. In addition,  
certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services for the Issuer [or the Guarantor] or their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der Emission 
beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit 
ihnen verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von, Kreditnehmer 
der oder Kreditgeber der Emittentin [oder der Garantin] und mit 
ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können. Außerdem sind 
bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking Transaktionen 
und/oder Commercial Banking Transaktionen mit der Emittentin 
[oder der Garantin] beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran 
beteiligen. 
 
Other interest (specify) 
[specify details] 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer21 
[Specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds22 
[      ] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
Estimated total expenses of the issue 
[      ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
 
20  There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any regulated market within the European 
Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
 Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin 
auszufüllen. 
21  See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing purposes of Continental (for 
example in case of Green Bonds), include those reasons here. 
 
 Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken von 
Continental bestehen (z.B. im Falle von grünen Anleihen), sind die Gründe hier anzugeben.  
22   If proceeds are intended for more than one use they will need to be split out and presented in order of priority.  
 
 Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.

--- Page 191 ---
El 
 
191 
 
Eurosystem eligibility23 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Ja/Nein] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
(i) in the case of an NGN, one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper or (ii) in the case of a CGN, Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[Ja. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Bestimmung "Ja" 
lediglich bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach 
Begebung (i) im Fall einer NGN bei einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer (common safekeeper) oder(ii) im Fall 
einer CGN bei Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt hinterlegt 
werden sollen, und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass 
die Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne 
der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
entweder nach Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während 
ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Nein. Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können 
die Schuldverschreibungen, sollten die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart geändert 
werden, dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sind diese 
einzuhalten, dann bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
 
23   Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper or if the Notes are in CGN form 
and to be kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. Select "No" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by 
the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und von einem ICSD als common safekeeper gehalten werden 
sollen oder falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben und von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt gehalten werden 
sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und vom common service provider als common 
safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
entweder nach Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während 
ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.] 
 
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered/admitted to trading 
 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden 
 
Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
[Common Code 
[      ]] 
Common Code 
 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
[      ] 
Internationale Wertpapierkennnummer (ISIN) 
 
[German Securities Code (WKN) 
[      ]] 
Deutsche Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
 
[Classification of Financial Instruments Code (CFI) 
Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI) 
[      ]] 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) 
Kurzname des Finanzinstruments (FISN) 
[      ]] 
[Any other securities number 
[      ]] 
andere Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
 
Offered Interest Rate 
[      ] 
Angebotszinssatz 
[      ] 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility24  
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR] rates  
and the further performance as well as their volatility  
can be obtained from 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][●] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR] Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können abgerufen werden unter 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][●] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events  
[Not applicable][Please see 
that effect the EURIBOR rates 
§ 4 of the Terms and Conditions]  
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die EURIBOR  
[Bitte siehe 
Sätze beeinflussen  
§ 4 der Emissionsbedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity25 
[      ] 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
 
24 
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
25   Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Gilt nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification 
of the organization representing the investors and provisions applying 
to such representation. Indication of the website where the public may have 
free access to the contracts relation to these forms of representation26 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die 
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung 
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Webseite, auf der die 
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, 
kostenlos einsehen kann  
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue 
of which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror 
of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading, 
including the legal entity identifier (LEI), if any  
[Specify details] 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittent nicht identisch sind, Angabe der Identität, 
der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldtitel 
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person 
einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn vorhanden.  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer27 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and action required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Total amount of the issue/offer/arrangements and 
time for announcing it to the public 
[Specify details] 
Gesamtsumme der Emission/des Angebots/ 
Vereinbarungen und Zeitpunkt für Ankündigung an das Publikum 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
 
during which the offer will be open 
[Specify details] 
Frist - einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während 
der das Angebot gültig ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce  
subscriptions and the manner for refunding excess  
amount paid by applicants 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der  
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung  
des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount  
of application, (whether in number of Notes or  
aggregate amount to invest) 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag  
 
26  Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 13 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 13 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
27 
Complete with respect to Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
der Zeichnung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der  
Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu  
investierenden Betrags)  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and 
or delivery of the Notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Ratenzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen und ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer  
are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem  
die Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, the negotiability of subscription 
rights and the treatment of subscription rights  
not exercised. 
[Not applicable] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen 
Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte 
und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more  
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain  
of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder mehrerer  
Länder und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte  
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, 
ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 
Pricing 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich  
angeboten werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting 
Platzierung und Emission 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer  
[      ] 
and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to  
the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various countries  
where the offer takes place 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren  
 
des globalen Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots  
und - sofern der Emittentin oder dem Bieter bekannt -  
Angaben zu den Platzierern in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots

--- Page 195 ---
El 
El 
El 
El 
 
195 
 
Method of distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
Subscription Agreement 
Übernahmevertrag 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[      ] 
Datum des Subscription Agreements 
 
Material Features of the Subscription Agreement: 
 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages: 
 
Management Details including form of commitment28 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
Specify Management Group or Dealer (names and addresses)  
[      ] 
Bankenkonsortium oder Platzeur angeben (Namen und Anschriften) 
 
 firm commitment  
[      ] 
Feste Zusage 
 no firm commitment / best efforts arrangements  
[      ] 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
Commissions 
Provisionen 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[      ] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
 
Selling Concession (specify)  
[      ] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben)  
 
Stabilisation Dealer/Manager(s) 
[insert details/None] 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Dealer/Manager 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/Keiner] 
C.5 
Public Offer Jurisdictions29 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Luxembourg[,][Germany][and][The Netherlands] 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) – 
which must be jurisdiction(s) where the Prospectus 
and any supplements have been passported] 
Jurisdiktionen, in denen ein öffentliches Angebot stattfindet 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Luxembourg][,][Deutschland][und][die Niederlande] 
[Relevante(n) Mitgliedstaat(en) einfügen – 
dieser muss eine/diese müssen Jurisdiktion(en) sein, 
in die der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge notifiziert wurden] 
 
28  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
29 
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 196 ---
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
 
196 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors30 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im  
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors31 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im  
Vereinigten Königreich 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Anwendbar] 
 
D. Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
  
Other  
[specify details] 
 
 
Sonstige  
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Date of admission  
[      ] 
Termin der Zulassung 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading32 
[      ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[All regulated markets or third country markets, SME Growth Market or MTFs 
on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes  
to be offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to trading33 
Angabe sämtlicher regulierter oder Märkte in Drittstaaten, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach Kenntnis der  
Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie,  
die zum Handel angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
Other   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [None] [Specified details] 
 
Andere   
 
 
 
 
 
 
      [keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
not applicable 
 
Nicht anwendbar] 
 
 
24  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
 
Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte darstellen oder die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" 
Produkte darstellen und ein Basisinformationsblatt im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt wird, ist "Nicht anwendbar" anzugeben. Wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen möglicherweise "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird, ist "Anwendbar" 
anzugeben. 
31  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document 
will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
 
Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte darstellen oder die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" 
Produkte darstellen und ein Basisinformationsblatt im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt wird, ist "Nicht anwendbar" anzugeben. Wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen möglicherweise "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird, ist "Anwendbar" 
anzugeben. 
32 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
33 
In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with a Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die ursprünglichen 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung 
von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Issue Price  
[   ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis  
[   ]% 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, 
und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating of the Notes 
[Not applicable] [      ] 34 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
[Nicht anwendbar] [      ] 35 
[[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited][insert full name] is established in 
Ireland and is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation).][ S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited is established in Ireland and is registered pursuant to 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
CRA Regulation).][Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in 
Germany and is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation).][specify other 
rating agency and whether the relevant rating agency is established in the 
European Union and is registered or has applied for registration pursuant 
to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
CRA Regulation).] The European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) a list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five 
working days following the adoption of a decision under article 16, 17 or 
20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that 
updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days 
following such update. 
[[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited][genaue Bezeichnung einfügen] hat 
ihren Sitz in Irland und ist gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen (in der geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) 
registriert.] [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited hat ihren Sitz in Irland 
und ist gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen 
(in der geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) registriert.] 
[Moody’s Deutschland GmbH hat ihren Sitz in Deutschland und ist 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der 
geänderten Fassung (die Ratingverordnung)) registriert.][Einzelheiten 
 
34  Insert rating and a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating.  
35  Rating und kurze Erklärung zur Bedeutung des Ratings einfügen.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen 
Union hat und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen 
(in der geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) registriert ist oder 
die Registrierung beantragt hat.] Die Europäische Wertpapier und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) ein 
Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingverordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen 
nach Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der 
Ratingverordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der 
Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung. 
 
[EURIBOR][SOFR] 
[Interest amounts payable on the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR which as at the date of these 
Final Terms is provided by [European Money Markets Institute] [•] who [does not appear] [appears] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.  
Zinsbeträge, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, können unter Bezug auf EURIBOR berechnet werden. 
Zum Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, wird EURIBOR von dem [European Money Markets Institute] [•], das 
[nicht] in das nach Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 von der Europäischen Wertpapier und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) erstellte und geführte Register der Administratoren und Referenzwerte eingetragen 
ist, bereitgestellt].36 
[[Continental AG][or][Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.][Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] is not affiliated with the 
New York Fed. The New York Fed does not sanction, endorse, or recommend any products or services offered by 
[Continental AG][or][Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.][Continental Rubber of America, Corp.].]37 
 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for drawing up the 
Prospectus and the Final Terms 
 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin oder der für die Erstellung 
des Prospekts und der Endgültigen Bedingungen zuständigen Person 
[Not applicable.][ Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing 
Notes – if and to the extent this is so expressed below – is entitled to use the Prospectus and these Final Terms in 
[Luxembourg][,][Germany][and][The Netherlands] for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes during the 
period from [●] and until [●], provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with article 12(1) of 
the Prospectus Regulation.] [Such consent is also subject to and given under the condition [●].]] 
[Nicht anwendbar.][Jeder Platzeur und/oder jeder weitere Finanzintermediär, der Schuldverschreibungen 
nachfolgend weiter verkauft oder endgültig platziert, ist – wenn und soweit dies unten erklärt wird – berechtigt, den 
Prospekt und diese Endgültigen Bedingungen für den späteren Weiterverkauf oder die endgültige Platzierung der 
Schuldverschreibungen in [Luxemburg][,][Deutschland][und][den Niederlanden] während der Angebotsfrist vom 
[●] bis [●] zu verwenden. Ein solcher späterer Weiterverkauf oder eine solche endgültige Platzierung setzt jeweils 
voraus, dass der Prospekt in Übereinstimmung mit Artikel 12 Absatz 1 der Prospektverordnung noch gültig 
ist.][Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich [●].]] 
 
36 
To be included in the case of an issue of Notes where the rate of interest is to be calculated by reference to EURIBOR. 
 
Einzufügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Zinssatz unter Bezug auf EURIBOR berechnet wird.  
37  To be included whenever the name or acronym associated with SOFR in the name, title, or description of any product or service offered. 
Einzufügen, wenn der Name oder das Akronym in Verbindung mit dem SOFR im Namen, im Titel oder in der Beschreibung eines 
angebotenen Produkts oder einer Dienstleistung enthalten ist.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
[Third Party Information  
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any 
such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: 
(i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und - soweit es der 
Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte - 
keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend 
gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine 
Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
 
 
[Continental AG][Conti-Gummi Finance B.V.][Continental Rubber of America, Corp.] 
 
 
___________________________________ 
[Name and title of signatory] 
[Name und Titel des Unterzeichnenden]

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
GUARANTEE (ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION) 
GUARANTEE 
 
of 
 
 
Continental Aktiengesellschaft, Hanover, 
Federal Republic of Germany 
(the Guarantor) 
 
for the benefit of the Holders of notes (the Notes), issued by  
 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp., Delaware, 
United States of America 
 
and 
 
Conti-Gummi Finance B.V., Maastricht, The Netherlands 
 
(each an Issuer) 
 
under the EUR 7,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Continental Aktiengesellschaft, Continental 
Rubber of America, Corp. and Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. 
(the Programme) 
 
§ 1  
GUARANTEE, STATUS 
(1) The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees by way of an independent payment obligation 
(selbständiges Zahlungsversprechen) to the holders from time to time of any Notes under the Programme (the 
Holders and the expressions "Notes" and "Holders" as used herein shall, for the purposes of this Guarantee, 
include any additional Notes issued by the relevant Issuer under § 12(1) of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the Terms and Conditions) and any Holders of any such additional Notes) the due and punctual payment of 
principal of, and interest on, and any other amounts payable under the Notes (the Guarantee). This Guarantee 
shall be separate and independent from the obligations of the relevant Issuer or the company (other than the 
Guarantor) which may have been substituted for the same pursuant to § 11 of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Substitute Debtor) and shall exist irrespective of the validity and enforceability of the obligations of the relevant 
Issuer or Substitute Debtor. 
(2) The intent and purpose of this Guarantee is to ensure that the Holders under all circumstances, whether factual or 
legal, and regardless of the validity and enforceability of the obligations of the relevant Issuer or the Substitute 
Debtor, or of any other grounds on the basis of which the relevant Issuer or the Substitute Debtor may fail to 
effect payment, shall receive the amounts payable as principal, interest and other amounts payable to the Holders 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions on the due dates as provided for in the Terms and Conditions. 
(3) The Guarantor hereby explicitly waives any personal defences of the relevant Issuer or any Substitute Debtor 
(Einreden des Hauptschuldners) as well as any defences arising out of the relevant Issuer's or Substitute Debtor's 
right of revocation (Anfechtbarkeit) or set-off (Aufrechenbarkeit) with respect to the Notes. This waiver shall not 
apply to any defences relating to any right of set-off with counterclaims that are (i) uncontested (unbestritten) or 
(ii) based on an unappealable (rechtskräftig festgestellt) court decision. 
(4) The Guarantor expressly consents to the Guarantee being independent from any other security granted in 
connection with the Notes and waives any right which might result from the release of any such other security. 
(5) The Guarantor's payment obligations under this Guarantee become automatically due and payable if and when 
the relevant Issuer or any Substitute Debtor does not make a payment with respect to the Notes when such 
payment is due and payable pursuant to the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
(6) The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall rank at least pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, unless such obligations are accorded priority under mandatory 
provisions of statutory law. 
(7) This Guarantee is discharged upon the full and irrevocable satisfaction of all claims guaranteed pursuant to this 
§ 1 (the Guaranteed Obligations). However, if any of the Guaranteed Obligations was only temporarily satisfied 
or is subject to be set aside by an insolvency administrator (Anfechtungsrecht) or can be avoided otherwise, the 
Guarantee shall continue in full force and effect. 
§ 2  
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
The Guarantor undertakes, so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of 
principal and interest payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, not to create or permit to subsist and to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its 
Significant Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist, any security interest in rem (dingliche Sicherheit) over all or 
part of its present or future assets to secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness (including any guarantees and 
indemnities given in respect thereof) without at the same time having the Holders share equally and rateably in such 
security interest in rem in substantially identical terms thereto. 
This undertaking shall not apply with respect to  
(i)  security provided by any member of the Continental Group over any claims of such member against any other 
member of the Continental Group or any third party, which claims exist now or arise at any time in the future, 
as a result of the passing on of the proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any securities, provided that any 
such security serves to secure obligations under such securities,  
(ii)  security existing on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof by a member of the Continental Group or over 
assets of a newly acquired company which becomes a member of the Continental Group,  
(iii)  security existing on the Issue Date of the Notes,  
(iv)  security which is mandatory pursuant to applicable laws (or by agreement having the same effect) or required 
as a prerequisite for obtaining any governmental approvals,  
(v)  security provided in connection with any issuance of asset backed securities by the Guarantor or by any of its 
Subsidiaries,  
(vi)  security provided in respect of any issuance of asset backed securities made by a special purpose vehicle 
where the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is the originator of the underlying assets,  
(vii) security provided in respect of any financing of any project or asset, provided that the assets on which the 
security is created are (A) the assets which are used or to be used in or in connection with the project to which 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness relates or (B) revenues or claims which arise from the use, operation, 
failure to meet specifications, exploitation, sale, or loss of or damage to, such assets and provided further that 
such Capital Markets Indebtedness is not directly or indirectly the subject of any guarantee, indemnity or 
other form of assurance, undertaking or support from any other member of the Continental Group,  
(viii) the renewal, extension or replacement of any security pursuant to foregoing (i) through (vii) and,  
(ix)  any security securing Capital Markets Indebtedness the principal amount of which (when aggregated with the 
principal amount of any other Capital Markets Indebtedness which has the benefit of a security other than any 
permitted under the sub-paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does not exceed EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies at any time). 
Capital Markets Indebtedness means any obligation (i) of the Guarantor or (ii) of a Subsidiary and guaranteed by 
the Guarantor for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, or represented by, either (i) a certificate 
of indebtedness governed by German law (Schuldscheindarlehen), or by (ii) bonds, notes or other securities which 
are, or are capable of being, listed, dealt in, or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized securities market. 
Continental Group means the Guarantor and any Subsidiary of the Guarantor and excluding, for the avoidance of 
doubt, associated companies and corporations consolidated at equity.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint 
stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any company, partnership or corporation, a company, partnership or corporation: 
(a) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company, partnership or corporation; or 
(b) more than 50% of the voting issued share capital (or similar right ownership) of which is beneficially 
owned, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company, partnership or corporation; or 
(c) which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company, partnership or corporation, 
and, for the purpose of determining whether a company, partnership or corporation is a direct or indirect Subsidiary 
of Continental AG only, which has to be consolidated in the consolidated financial statements of the Continental 
Group under IFRS (excluding, for clarification purposes, an associated company or corporation consolidated at 
equity). If the shares in Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft, or any successor thereof become listed on a 
regulated market of a stock exchange in the European Union, this definition of Subsidiaries shall exclude Vitesco 
Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft, and, in each case, its Subsidiaries. 
For the purpose of this definition, a company, partnership or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by 
another if that other company, partnership or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition 
of its board of directors or equivalent body whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or 
otherwise. For the purposes of determining whether an entity is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, an entity shall not be 
treated as being controlled directly or indirectly by the Guarantor if the Guarantor can only direct the management 
and policies of such entity directly or indirectly jointly with another Person (which is not a member of the 
Continental Group) and such entity would not be fully consolidated in the consolidated financial statements of the 
Guarantor in accordance with IFRS if at the relevant point of time such consolidated financial statements would be 
drawn up.  
Significant Subsidiary means any consolidated Subsidiary of Continental AG (i) whose turnover exceeds 5% of the 
consolidated turnover of Continental AG as determined on the basis of the data included in the most recent audited 
or, in case of half-yearly financial statements, unaudited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG and in 
the most recent audited (if available) or (if not available) unaudited unconsolidated financial statements of such 
consolidated Subsidiary, or (ii) whose total assets exceed 5% of the consolidated total assets of Continental AG as 
determined on the basis of the data included in the most recent audited or, in case of half-yearly financial statements, 
unaudited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG and the most recent audited (if available) or (if not 
available) unaudited unconsolidated financial statements of such consolidated Subsidiary. In the case that, 
irrespective of the foregoing, a report by Continental AG’s auditors determines that a consolidated Subsidiary is or is 
not or was or was not at a specified date a Significant Subsidiary, this determination shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
§ 3  
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of this Guarantee shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied at source by way of withholding or 
deduction by or on behalf of any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor is organized, engaged in business, resident for 
tax purposes or generally subject to tax on a net income basis or through or from which payment on the Guarantee is 
made or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (each, a Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding with respect to amounts 
payable in respect of this Guarantee is required by law, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts (the 
Additional Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of 
any taxes or duties which: 
(a) are payable by any Person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise 
in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the Guarantor from payments of 
principal or interest made by it, or 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business connection with the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction and not merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of this Guarantee

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction, or 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning the 
taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to 
which the Federal Republic of Germany or the European Union, or, in the case that the Notes are issued by 
Conti-Gummi Finance B.V., the Kingdom of The Netherlands is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or 
(d) would not have been imposed or withheld but for the failure of the Holder or beneficial owner of Notes 
(including, for these purposes, any financial institution through which the Holder or beneficial owner holds 
the Notes or through which payment on the Notes is made), following a request at least in text form (section 
126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor or a Paying Agent addressed to the Holder or beneficial owner (and made at a time that would 
enable the Holder or beneficial owner acting reasonably to comply with that request, and in all events, at 
least 30 days before any withholding or deduction would be required), to comply with any certification, 
identification, information or other reporting requirement whether required by statute, treaty, regulation or 
administrative practice of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, that is a precondition to exemption from, or 
reduction in the rate of deduction or withholding of, taxes imposed by the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, a certification that the Holder or beneficial owner is not resident in the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), but in each case, only to the extent the Holder or beneficial owner is legally 
entitled to provide such certification, information or documentation, or 
(e) are required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), any current or future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, or 
(f) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the relevant 
payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance with § 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions, whichever occurs later, or 
(g) are payable by reason of the Holder (or beneficiary or other recipient of a payment under the Notes or the 
Guarantee, as applicable) being resident in a non-cooperative territory (nicht kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the meaning of the German Law to prevent Tax Avoidance and Unfair Tax 
Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted based on this law), or  
(h) any combinations of items (a)-(g),  
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is a fiduciary 
or partnership or who is someone otherwise not the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such 
payment would be required by the laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the income, for tax 
purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, 
member or beneficial owner been the Holder of the Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of 
Germany at the level of the custodian bank and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon 
pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date do not constitute a tax or duty as described above in respect of 
which Additional Amounts would be payable by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor. Issue Date means in respect of 
a particular issue of Notes, the issue date of such Notes. 
§ 4  
RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS – AMENDMENTS TO THE GUARANTEE 
The Holders may consent to amendments of this Guarantee by majority resolution passed in accordance with § 13 of 
the Terms and Conditions, provided that no obligation to make any payment or render any other performance shall 
be imposed on any Holder by majority resolution.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all 
Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
§ 5  
DEFINITIONS 
Unless otherwise defined in this Guarantee, terms used herein and defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have 
the meaning attributed to them in the Terms and Conditions. 
§ 6  
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, LANGUAGE 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) This Guarantee, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Guarantor, shall be 
governed by German law without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. 
(2) The place of non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings or in connection with this 
Guarantee shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) This Guarantee constitutes a contract for the benefit of the Holders from time to time as third party beneficiaries 
in accordance with § 328(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) giving rise to the right of each 
Holder to require performance of this Guarantee directly from the Guarantor and to enforce this Guarantee 
directly against the Guarantor. 
(4) This Guarantee is written in the German language and attached hereto is a non-binding English translation. 
(5) Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Guarantor, or to which such Holder and the Guarantor 
are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under this Guarantee on the basis of a copy of 
this Guarantee certified by an authorized person of the Fiscal Agent without presentation of the original 
Guarantee. 
(6) In case of Notes with U.S. dollars as Specified Currency, the sole currency of account and payment for all sums 
payable by the Guarantor under or in connection with this Guarantee is U.S. dollars. Any amount received or 
recovered in a currency other than U.S. dollar in respect of this Guarantee (whether as a result of, or the 
enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Guarantor, any Subsidiary or otherwise) by a Holder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the 
Guarantor will constitute a discharge of the Guarantor only to the extent of the U.S. dollar amount which the 
recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that 
receipt or recovery (or, if it is not possible to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is 
possible to do so). If that U.S. dollar amount is less than the U.S. dollar amount expressed to be due to the 
recipient under this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall indemnify the recipient against any loss sustained by it as a 
result. In any event the Guarantor shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. 
For the purposes of this indemnity, it will be sufficient for the Holder to certify that it would have suffered a loss 
had an actual purchase of U.S. dollars been made with the amount so received in that other currency on the date 
of receipt or recovery (or, if a purchase of U.S. dollars on such date had not been practicable, on the first date on 
which it would have been practicable). These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from 
the other obligations of the Guarantor, will give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, will apply 
irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder (other than a waiver of the indemnities set out herein) and will 
continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in 
respect to any sum due under any Note, any Guarantee or any other judgment or order. 
Hanover, May 2022 
CONTINENTAL AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT  
 
We accept the terms of the above Guarantee without recourse, warranty or liability.  
Dublin, May 2022 
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
GUARANTEE (GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION) 
GARANTIE 
 
der 
 
 
Continental Aktiengesellschaft, Hannover, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
(die Garantin) 
 
zugunsten der Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungen) der 
 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp., Delaware, 
Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika 
 
und der 
 
Conti-Gummi Finance B.V., Maastricht, Niederlande 
 
(jeweils eine Emittentin) 
 
im Rahmen des EUR 7.500.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Continental Aktiengesellschaft, der 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp. und der Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. 
(das Programm) 
 
§ 1 
GARANTIE, STATUS 
(1) Die 
Garantin 
garantiert 
hiermit 
unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich 
im 
Wege 
eines 
selbständigen 
Zahlungsversprechens gegenüber den Gläubigern der im Rahmen des Programms begebenen Schuldver-
schreibungen (die Gläubiger; die Begriffe "Schuldverschreibungen" und "Gläubiger" beinhalten, soweit sie in 
dieser Garantie verwendet werden und für die Zwecke dieser Garantie, alle weiteren Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von der betreffenden Emittentin gemäß § 12(1) der Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die 
Emissionsbedingungen) begeben werden, bzw. alle Gläubiger dieser weiteren Schuldverschreibungen) die 
ordnungsgemäße und pünktliche Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sowie von 
jeglichen sonstigen Beträgen, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbar sind (die Garantie). Diese Garantie ist 
eine selbständige Garantie, die unabhängig von den Verpflichtungen der betreffenden Emittentin oder der 
Gesellschaft (mit Ausnahme der Garantin), welche die betreffende Emittentin gemäß § 11 der 
Emissionsbedingungen ersetzt hat (die Nachfolgeschuldnerin), und unabhängig von der Wirksamkeit und 
Durchsetzbarkeit der Verpflichtungen der betreffenden Emittentin bzw. der Nachfolgeschuldnerin besteht. 
(2) Der Zweck und das Ziel dieser Garantie ist es sicherzustellen, dass die Gläubiger unter allen Umständen, ob 
tatsächlicher oder rechtlicher Art, und ungeachtet der Wirksamkeit und Durchsetzbarkeit der Verpflichtungen 
der betreffenden Emittentin bzw. der Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder irgendwelcher anderer Gründe, aus denen die 
betreffende Emittentin bzw. die Nachfolgeschuldnerin eine Zahlung nicht leistet, die gemäß den Emissions-
bedingungen an die Gläubiger zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital, Zinsen und sonstigen Beträgen bei 
Fälligkeit der jeweiligen Zahlung gemäß den Emissionsbedingungen erhalten. 
(3) Die Garantin verzichtet hiermit ausdrücklich auf alle der betreffenden Emittentin bzw. einer Nachfolge-
schuldnerin zustehenden Einreden (Einreden des Hauptschuldners), sowie auf die Einreden, welche aus einem 
Anfechtungs- oder Aufrechnungsrecht der betreffenden Emittentin bzw. der Nachfolgeschuldnerin in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen entstehen. Dieser Verzicht erstreckt sich nicht auf die Aufrechnungseinrede mit 
Gegenforderungen, die (i) unbestritten oder (ii) rechtskräftig festgestellt sind. 
(4) Die Garantin stimmt ausdrücklich zu, dass die Garantie unabhängig von anderen Sicherheiten ist, welche im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen bestellt werden, und verzichtet auf alle Rechte, die aus der 
Freigabe einer solchen anderen Sicherheit entstehen.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
(5) Die Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Garantin aus dieser Garantie werden automatisch fällig und zahlbar, sofern 
und sobald die betreffende Emittentin bzw. eine Nachfolgeschuldnerin eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht bei Fälligkeit der jeweiligen Zahlung gemäß den Emissionsbedingungen leistet. 
(6) Die Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin aus dieser Garantie sind mindestens gleichrangig mit allen anderen nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende 
gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
(7) Diese Garantie erlischt nach der vollständigen und endgültigen Befriedigung aller nach diesem § 1 garantierten 
Ansprüche (die Garantierten Verpflichtungen). Allerdings entfaltet diese Garantie weiterhin volle Wirksamkeit, 
wenn eine Garantierte Verpflichtung nur vorübergehend befriedigt wurde oder von einem Insolvenzverwalter 
angefochten werden kann oder anderweitig abgewendet werden kann. 
§ 2  
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
Die Garantin verpflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem 
der Emissionsstelle alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen, die gemäß den Emissionsbedingungen zahlbar sind, zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, keine Sicherungsrechte (dingliche Sicherheit) an allen oder Teilen ihrer derzeitigen 
oder zukünftigen Vermögensgegenstände zur Besicherung von jeglichen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten zu 
begründen oder fortbestehen zu lassen und sicherzustellen, soweit rechtlich erlaubt, dass ihre Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften keine solchen Sicherungsrechte begründen oder fortbestehen lassen (einschließlich jeglicher 
Garantien und Haftungsfreistellungen, die in dieser Hinsicht gegeben wurden), wenn nicht gleichzeitig die Gläubiger 
unter im Wesentlichen gleichen Bedingungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig an einer solchen dinglichen Sicherheit 
teilhaben. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
(i)  Sicherheiten, die durch ein Mitglied aus dem Continental-Konzern an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen eines solchen Mitglieds gegen jedes andere Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns oder gegen 
Dritte aufgrund einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf durch die Emittentin von Wertpapieren 
bestehen, soweit diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen aus diesen ausgegebenen 
Wertpapieren dienen, 
(ii)  Sicherheiten an Vermögensgegenständen, die bereits zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs des jeweiligen 
Vermögensgegenstandes 
durch 
ein 
Mitglied 
des 
Continental-Konzerns 
an 
solchen 
Vermögensgegenständen bestehen oder die an Vermögensgegenständen einer neu erworbenen 
Gesellschaft bestehen, die ein Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns wird,  
(iii)  Sicherheiten, die am Begebungstag der Schuldverschreibungen bestehen,  
(iv)  Sicherheiten, die nach dem anwendbaren Recht zwingend sind (oder die aufgrund einer Vereinbarung eine 
solche Wirkung haben) oder die erforderlich sind als Voraussetzung für das Erlangen von behördlichen 
Genehmigungen,  
(v)  Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch die 
Garantin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften gegeben werden,  
(vi)  Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Begebung von asset backed securities (ABS) durch eine 
Zweckgesellschaft gegeben werden, bei denen die Garantin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften der 
Originator der zugrunde liegenden Vermögenswerte ist,  
(vii)  Sicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit der Finanzierung von Projekten oder Vermögensgegenständen 
gegeben werden, vorausgesetzt, dass die Vermögensgegenstände, an denen das Sicherungsrecht besteht, 
(A) Vermögensgegenstände sind, die in dem Projekt oder im Zusammenhang mit dem Projekt, auf das 
sich die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten beziehen, genutzt werden oder genutzt werden sollen, oder 
(B) Einnahmen oder Ansprüche sind, die aufgrund der Nutzung, des Betriebs, der Nichteinhaltung von 
Spezifikationen, der Verwertung, des Verkaufs, des Verlusts/Untergangs oder der Beschädigung dieser 
Vermögensgegenstände entstehen, und weiter vorausgesetzt, dass diese Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
weder direkt noch indirekt Gegenstand einer Garantie, Freistellung oder anderen Form der Zusicherung, 
Verpflichtung oder Unterstützung irgendeines anderen Mitglieds des Continental-Konzerns sind, 
(viii) die Erneuerung, die Verlängerung oder der Austausch von Sicherheiten gemäß vorstehend (i) bis (vii) und,

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
(ix)  Sicherheiten, die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, deren Nennbetrag (zusammengerechnet mit 
dem Nennbetrag sonstiger Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) bis 
(viii) zulässigen bestehen) EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen Gegenwert in anderen Währungen) 
nicht überschreitet. 
 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten bezeichnet jede Verbindlichkeit (i) von Continental AG oder (ii) von oder einer 
Tochtergesellschaft, die durch die Continental AG garantiert ist, hinsichtlich der Rückzahlung aufgenommener 
Gelder, die entweder durch (x) ein Schuldscheindarlehen nach deutschem Recht oder durch (y) Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt notiert sind oder gehandelt werden bzw. notiert oder gehandelt werden können, verbrieft oder 
verkörpert ist.  
 
Continental-Konzern bezeichnet die Continental AG und jede Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG und 
ausschließlich, zur Klarstellung, assoziierter Unternehmen und Gesellschaften, die nach der Equity-Methode 
konsolidiert werden. 
 
Person bezeichnet jede natürliche oder juristische Person, Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung, 
Personengesellschaft, jedes Joint Venture, jede Personenvereinigung, jede Aktiengesellschaft, jeden Trust, jede 
Einrichtung ohne eigene Rechtspersönlichkeit oder jede Regierung, Behörde oder politische Untergliederung 
eines Staates. 
 
Tochtergesellschaft in Bezug auf ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft bezeichnet ein 
Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft: 
(a) welche(s) von dem erstgenannten Unternehmen bzw. der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft 
unmittelbar oder mittelbar kontrolliert wird; oder 
(b) dessen stimmberechtigtes gezeichnetes Kapital (oder vergleichbare Beteiligungsrechte) sich unmittelbar 
oder mittelbar zu mehr als 50 % im wirtschaftlichen Eigentum des erstgenannten Unternehmens bzw. der 
erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft befinden; oder 
(c) welche(s) eine Tochtergesellschaft einer anderen Tochtergesellschaft des erstgenannten Unternehmens bzw. 
der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft ist, 
 
und, ausschließlich zum Zweck der Feststellung, ob ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder 
Kapitalgesellschaft eine unmittelbare oder mittelbare Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG ist, welche(s) nach 
IFRS im Konzernabschluss des Continental-Konzerns konsolidiert werden muss (zur Klarstellung: mit 
Ausnahme assoziierter Unternehmen und Gesellschaften, die nach der Equity-Methode konsolidiert werden). 
Sofern die Anteile an der Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft oder deren Nachfolger an einem 
regulierten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse in der Europäischen Union zum Handel zugelassen werden, schließt 
diese Definition von Tochtergesellschaften die Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft oder deren 
Nachfolger sowie jeweils ihre Tochtergesellschaften, aus. 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Definition gilt ein Unternehmen oder eine Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft als von 
einem anderen Unternehmen bzw. einer anderen Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft kontrolliert, wenn das 
andere Unternehmen bzw. die andere Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft aufgrund des Haltens von 
stimmberechtigten Anteilen, einer vertraglichen Festlegung oder aus anderen Gründen in der Lage ist, die 
Geschäftsführung des erstgenannten Unternehmens bzw. der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft 
und/oder die Zusammensetzung des Vorstandes oder eines vergleichbaren Organs des erstgenannten 
Unternehmens bzw. der erstgenannten Personen- oder Kapitalgesellschaft zu kontrollieren. Zum Zweck der 
Feststellung, ob ein Unternehmen eine Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG ist, gilt dieses Unternehmen 
nicht als unmittelbar oder mittelbar von Continental AG als kontrolliert, wenn die Continental AG die 
Geschäftsführung und Geschäftspolitik dieses Unternehmens nur unmittelbar oder mittelbar gemeinsam mit 
einer anderen Person (die kein Mitglied des Continental-Konzerns ist) bestimmen kann und dieses Unternehmen 
nach IFRS im Konzernabschluss der Continental AG nicht vollständig konsolidiert werden würde, wenn dieser 
Konzernabschluss zum entsprechenden Zeitpunkt erstellt würde. 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet eine konsolidierte Tochtergesellschaft der Continental AG (i) deren 
Umsatzerlöse 5 % der konsolidierten Umsatzerlöse der Continental AG übersteigen, wie auf der Grundlage der 
Daten in dem letzten geprüften oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften Konzernabschluss der 
Continental AG und in dem letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht verfügbar) ungeprüften 
Einzelabschluss dieser konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt, oder (ii) deren Bilanzsumme 5 % der

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
Konzernbilanzsumme der Continental AG übersteigt, wie auf der Grundlage der Daten in dem letzten geprüften 
oder (im Fall eines Halbjahresabschlusses) ungeprüften Konzernabschluss der Continental AG und in dem 
letzten geprüften (soweit verfügbar) oder (falls nicht verfügbar) ungeprüften Einzelabschluss dieser 
konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaft ermittelt. Für den Fall, dass, ungeachtet des Vorstehenden, ein Bericht der 
Abschlussprüfer der Continental AG feststellt, dass eine konsolidierte Tochtergesellschaft zu einem bestimmten 
Datum eine oder keine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ist oder war, ist diese Feststellung, sofern nicht ein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt, für alle Beteiligten maßgeblich und verbindlich. 
§ 3  
BESTEUERUNG 
Sämtliche aufgrund dieser Garantie zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die von oder für Rechnung 
eines Hoheitsgebietes, in welchem die Garantin gegründet ist, Geschäften nachgeht, ihren Steuersitz hat oder 
allgemein einer Steuer vom Nettoeinkommen und -ertrag unterworfen ist, oder über welches bzw. von welchem aus 
Zahlungen aufgrund der Garantie geleistet werden, oder von oder für Rechnung einer seiner politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden (jeweils ein Maßgebliches Steuerhoheitsgebiet) an der Quelle auferlegt 
oder erhoben werden, zu leisten, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein 
solcher Einbehalt hinsichtlich aufgrund dieser Garantie zu zahlender Beträge gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, wird die 
Garantin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die Zusätzlichen Beträge) zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den 
Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären. Die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern oder Abgaben, die: 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines Gläubigers handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die keinen Abzug oder Einbehalt von Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
durch die Garantin darstellen; oder 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des Gläubigers zu 
dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet zu entrichten sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieser Garantie aus Quellen in dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet stammen (oder für Zwecke 
der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung von 
Zinserträgen oder (ii) einem zwischenstaatlichen Abkommen oder einer Vereinbarung über die betreffende 
Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union oder, falls die Schuldver-
schreibungen von Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. begeben sind, das Königreich der Niederlande beteiligt ist, 
oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder dieses Abkommen oder 
diese Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(d) nicht erhoben oder einbehalten worden wären, wenn es der Gläubiger oder wirtschaftliche Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen (für diese Zwecke einschließlich eines Finanzinstituts, über das der Gläubiger oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer die Schuldverschreibungen hält oder über das die Zahlung auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen geleistet wird) nach einer von oder im Namen der betreffenden Emittentin oder der Garantin 
oder einer Zahlstelle an die Anschrift des Gläubigers oder wirtschaftlichen Eigentümers übermittelten 
Aufforderung zumindest in Textform (§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (welche zu einem Zeitpunkt 
übermittelt wurde, zu dem es dem Inhaber bzw. wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer bei Anwendung der gebotenen 
Sorgfalt möglich gewesen wäre, der Aufforderung nachzukommen, und in jedem Fall mindestens 30 Tage 
vor dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem der Einbehalt oder Abzug vorgenommen werden müsste) nicht versäumt hätte, 
Bescheinigungs-, Identifizierungs-, Informations- oder andere Meldepflichten einzuhalten, die aufgrund von 
Gesetzen, Abkommen, Vorschriften oder der Verwaltungspraxis eines Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiets 
bestehen (unter anderem eine Pflicht zur Bescheinigung, dass der Gläubiger bzw. wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer nicht in dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet ansässig ist) und deren Einhaltung eine 
Voraussetzung für eine Befreiung von Steuern oder eine Reduzierung des Prozentsatzes des Einbehalts oder 
Abzugs von Steuern, die von dem Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiet erhoben werden, darstellt, jeweils 
jedoch nur soweit die Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen, Informationen oder Unterlagen durch den 
Gläubiger bzw. wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer rechtlich zulässig ist, oder 
(e) gemäß folgenden Bestimmungen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind: Sections 1471 bis 1474 des Internal 
Revenue Code der Vereinigten Staaten von 1986 in der jeweils geltenden Fassung (das Steuergesetz), allen

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
bestehenden oder zukünftigen Regelungen oder offiziellen Auslegungen zu diesen Sections, einer aufgrund 
von Section 1471(b) des Steuergesetzes abgeschlossenen Vereinbarung oder steuer- oder aufsichts-
rechtlichen Gesetzen, Vorschriften oder Richtlinien, die aufgrund einer im Zusammenhang mit der 
Umsetzung dieser Sections des Steuergesetzes abgeschlossenen zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung erlassen 
werden, oder  
(f) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu entrichten sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge 
und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 der Emissionsbedingungen wirksam wird, oder 
(g) aufgrund der Ansässigkeit des Gläubigers (oder Begünstigten oder sonstigem Empfänger von Zahlungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der Garantie) in einem nicht kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im 
Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb in der Fassung wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich der aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen Verordnungen) zu 
zahlen sind, oder 
(h) wenn eine Kombination der vorstehenden Absätze (a)-(g) vorliegt.  
Ebenso werden hinsichtlich einer Zahlung auf eine Schuldverschreibung keine Zusätzlichen Beträge an einen 
Gläubiger gezahlt, der die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder als Personengesellschaft oder als sonstige Person, die 
nicht der alleinige wirtschaftliche Eigentümer der Zahlung ist, erhält, soweit die Zahlung nach dem Recht des 
Maßgeblichen Steuerhoheitsgebiets steuerlich den Einkünften eines Treugebers bezüglich eines solchen 
Treuhänders oder eines Gesellschafters der Personengesellschaft oder eines wirtschaftlichen Eigentümers 
zuzurechnen wäre, der selbst nicht zum Erhalt solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge berechtigt wäre, wenn er Gläubiger 
der Schuldverschreibungen wäre. 
Klarstellend wird darauf hingewiesen, dass die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland aufgrund von zum Begebungstag 
geltenden Steuergesetzen auf Ebene der Depotbank derzeit erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer und der darauf jeweils 
anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag keine Steuer oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinne sind, für die Zusätzliche 
Beträge seitens der betreffenden Emittentin oder der Garantin zu zahlen wären. Begebungstag bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf eine bestimmte Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen den Begebungstag dieser Schuldverschreibungen.  
§ 4  
BESCHLÜSSE DER GLÄUBIGER — 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER GARANTIE 
Die Gläubiger können durch einen gemäß § 13 der Emissionsbedingungen gefassten Mehrheitsbeschluss 
Änderungen dieser Garantie zustimmen. Eine Verpflichtung zur Leistung kann für die Gläubiger durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss nicht begründet werden. 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der 
Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten 
Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
§ 5  
DEFINITIONEN 
Begriffe, die in dieser Garantie verwendet werden und in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben, soweit in 
dieser Garantie nicht anders angegeben, dieselbe Bedeutung wie in den Emissionsbedingungen. 
§ 6  
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND, SPRACHE UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) Form und Inhalt dieser Garantie sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Garantin bestimmen sich 
nach deutschem Recht, jeweils unter Ausschluss der Grundsätze des Internationalen Privatrechts. 
(2) Gerichtsstand für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit dieser Garantie entstehenden Klagen oder sonstigen 
Verfahren ist Frankfurt am Main.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
(3) Diese Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten Dritter im Sinne des § 328 Abs. 1 BGB dar, der jedem Gläubiger 
das Recht gibt, die Erfüllung der in dieser Garantie übernommenen Verpflichtungen unmittelbar von der 
Garantin zu verlangen und diese Garantie unmittelbar gegen die Garantin durchzusetzen. 
(4) Diese Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache abgefasst und in die englische Sprache übersetzt. Die deutschsprachige 
Fassung ist verbindlich und allein maßgeblich. 
(5) Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Garantin oder in 
jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Garantin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus dieser Garantie im 
eigenen Namen auf der Grundlage einer Kopie dieser Garantie, die von einer autorisierten Person der 
Emissionsstelle bestätigt wurde, ohne Vorlage des Originals der Garantie, zu schützen und geltend zu machen. 
(6) Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit US-Dollar als Festgelegter Währung ist die ausschließliche Rechnungs- 
und Zahlungswährung für alle von der Garantin aus oder im Zusammenhang mit dieser Garantie zu leistenden 
Zahlungen US-Dollar. Jeder Betrag, der von einem Gläubiger in Bezug auf diese Garantie für einen ihm 
bestimmungsgemäß von der Garantin geschuldeten Betrag (aufgrund oder durch Vollstreckung eines Urteils 
oder Beschlusses eines zuständigen Gerichts im Zusammenhang mit der Liquidation oder Auflösung der 
Garantin, einer Tochtergesellschaft oder in sonstiger Weise) erhalten oder beigetrieben wird, befreit die Garantin 
nur in Höhe des Betrags in US-Dollar, den der Empfänger mit dem in der anderen Währung erhaltenen oder 
beigetriebenen Betrag an dem Tag des Erhalts bzw. der Beitreibung kaufen kann (oder, falls ein solcher Kauf an 
diesem Tag nicht möglich ist, an dem ersten Tag, an dem ein solcher Kauf möglich ist), von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht. Falls dieser Betrag in US-Dollar niedriger ist als der Betrag in US-Dollar, der dem Empfänger 
bestimmungsgemäß aus dieser Garantie geschuldet wird, hat die Garantin dem Empfänger jeden Schaden bzw. 
Verlust zu ersetzen, der ihm dadurch entsteht. In jedem Fall hat die Garantin dem Empfänger die Kosten eines 
solchen Kaufs zu ersetzen. Für diese Zwecke reicht es aus, wenn der Gläubiger bescheinigt, dass ihm im Fall des 
tatsächlichen Kaufs von US-Dollar mit dem in der anderen Währung erhaltenen oder beigetriebenen Betrag an 
dem Tag des Erhalts bzw. der Beitreibung (oder, falls ein solcher Kauf von US-Dollar an diesem Tag nicht 
möglich war, an dem ersten Tag, an dem ein solcher Kauf möglich gewesen wäre) ein Schaden bzw. Verlust 
entstanden wäre. Diese Entschädigungspflichten stellen eine gesonderte Verpflichtung dar, die unabhängig von 
den sonstigen Verpflichtungen der Garantin besteht, begründen einen gesonderten und eigenständigen 
einklagbaren Anspruch, gelten ungeachtet irgendeines von einem Gläubiger gewährten Verzichts (außer eines 
Verzichts auf die in diesem Abschnitt genannten Entschädigungspflichten) und bleiben ungeachtet irgendeines 
anderen Urteils, Beschlusses, Anspruchs oder Beweises eines bezifferten Betrages im Hinblick auf einen 
aufgrund einer Schuldverschreibung oder Garantie oder eines anderen Urteils oder Beschlusses fälligen Betrag 
uneingeschränkt wirksam. 
 
Hannover, Mai 2022 
CONTINENTAL AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT  
 
Wir akzeptieren die Bestimmungen der vorstehenden Garantie ohne Obligo, Gewährleistung oder Rückgriff auf uns.  
Dublin, Mai 2022 
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes 
will be applied by the relevant Issuer to meet part of its general corporate purposes. If in respect of any particular 
issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE STATE OF RESIDENCE OF A PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER OF 
NOTES OR OF A JURISDICTION WHERE A PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER IS SUBJECT TO 
TAXATION AND THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE ISSUER’S AND/OR THE GUARANTOR’S 
COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM 
THE NOTES. 
 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISOR 
AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE 
NOTES.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Underwriting 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer(s), which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed by way of public offers to qualified investors pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or non-qualified investors, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or private placements 
and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche of Notes will 
be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuers to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a dealer 
agreement dated on or about May 4, 2022 (the Dealer Agreement) and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor and 
the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuers in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional 
or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. A 
Subscription Agreement prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or 
about the respective date of the Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes.  
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Description of public offer (if any) and offer mechanics 
If the Notes are publicly offered, the following details have to be inserted under section "Additional Information" in 
the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes: conditions to which the offer is subject, time period, during which 
the offer will be open, description of the application process, description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions 
and the manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants, details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application, method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for delivery of the Notes, manner and date in which 
results of the offer are to be made public, procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of 
subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised, various categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered, process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made, method of determining the offered price and the process for its 
disclosure, amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to the subscriber or purchaser, name and address 
of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the 
offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place. 
Consent to use the Prospectus 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing the Notes is entitled 
to use the Prospectus in Luxembourg, Germany and The Netherlands or such other Member State whose competent 
authorities have been notified of the approval of this Prospectus for the subsequent resale or final placement of the 
relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in the applicable Final Terms) during which 
subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, if and to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with article 12(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of the Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms also with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes. 
Such consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by the financial intermediaries may be restricted 
to certain jurisdictions and subject to conditions as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before such 
delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain that it 
complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including with the 
restrictions specified in the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" legend set out on the cover page of the 
applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary, the Dealer and/or the 
further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer 
at the time the offer is made. 
Any Dealer and/or further financial intermediary using the Prospectus has to state on its website that it uses 
the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
Selling Restrictions  
1. General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes the Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material and will obtain 
any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither any of the Issuers nor the Guarantor nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefore. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. European Economic Area  
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors" will be selected 
to be "not applicable" in Part II of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply:  
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant State), each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt 
Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors" will be selected 
to be "applicable" in Part II of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply:  
Each Dealer has further represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes.  
3. United Kingdom 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" will be 
selected to be "not applicable" in Part II of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply:  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended or 
superseded (the FSMA) (a Public Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to 
such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as 
if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in 
Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA) 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" will be 
selected to be "applicable" in Part II of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply:  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by 
virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes.  
Each Dealer has further represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) FSMA does not apply to the respective Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(b)  
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
4. USA 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act, including Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements, and may not be offered or sold within the USA or to U.S. persons except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, 
any Note constituting part of its allotment within the USA except in accordance with Rule 903 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). Accordingly, each Dealer further has represented, 
warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note. Each Dealer has agreed that 
it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note in bearer form within the United States or to U.S. persons except as 
permitted by the Subscription Agreement. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons 
acting on its or their behalf have offered or sold or will offer and sell the Notes by means of any form of 
general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act) 
in the United States. Each Dealer has further represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its 
affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have made or caused to be made or will make or cause 
to be made a public offering of the Notes in the United States. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
USA or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of any Note within the 
USA by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make certain 
representations set out in the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (i) acknowledges that the Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the USA or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has represented, warranted and 
undertaken that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes, 
(x) as part of its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement 
of the offering and the closing date, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S; and accordingly, 
(iii) further has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting 
on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, 
and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; 
and (iv) also has agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
Distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes 
from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following 
effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold within the USA or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of Regulation S under the Securities Act (i) as part 
of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
(c) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes 
issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased 
by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and notify 
to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer the completion of the distribution of the Notes of such Tranche.  
(d) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not entered 
and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, 
except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, if 
applicable. 
(e) 
Notes, other than Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued (i) subject to a book-entry 
registration agreement, (ii) if issued by Continental AG or CGF, in accordance with the provisions of U.S. 
Treas.Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the C Rules), or (iii) 
if issued by Continental AG or CGF, in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the D Rules), as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Where the C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of Notes, Notes must 
be issued and delivered outside the USA and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it, in connection with the original issuance of Notes 
has not offered sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes within the 
USA or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and undertaken in connection with the original issuance of Notes, that it has not communicated, 
and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or such 
purchaser is within the USA or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or 
sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules and any successor provisions thereto.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
In respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
undertaken that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to a person who is within the 
USA or its possessions or to a U.S. person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not 
deliver within the USA or its possessions definitive notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the USA or 
its possessions or to a U.S. person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance, and not for the purpose of resale directly or indirectly to a 
person within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and if such Dealer 
retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of the D 
Rules (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended);  
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's 
behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the purchaser of the 
Notes and the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above; and  
(v) 
it shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and agreements 
contained in subclauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph (e) from any person other than its 
affiliate with whom it enters into a written contract (a "distributor" as defined in the D Rules, for 
the offer or sale during the restricted period of the Notes. 
In addition, each Note issued in accordance with the D Rules will bear the following legend: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) 
AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA." 
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, and treasury regulations thereunder, including the D Rules and any successor provisions thereto. 
Terms used in the paragraphs (a) – (d) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
5. Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.  
6. Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 2018 (FinSA), and no application has been or will be made to 
admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; (ii) neither 
this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes (x) constitutes a prospectus as such 
term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (y) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA; and (iii) neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
7. Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time) (the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) 
of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is (a) a 
corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business of which is 
to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an 
accredited investor; or a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities or securities-
based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' 
rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation 
or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(1)  to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
 
(2)  where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
 
(3)  where the transfer is by operation of law;  
 
(4)  as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
(5)  as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
8. Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result in 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental 
and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, Japanese Person 
shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of Continental AG, 
Conti-Gummi Finance, Continental Rubber of America and its affiliates. Proceeds from issues under the programme 
may be used to repay financial liabilities to Dealers.  
In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance, 
Continental Rubber of America and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or Issuers' affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes 
under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme (including the granting of the Guarantee) and the issue of Notes 
thereunder have been duly authorised by the Executive Board of Continental AG on March 13, 2013 and on March 
21, 2022.  
Continental AG has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by the 
board of managing directors and the shareholders of Conti-Gummi Finance by resolutions dated April 24, 2013 and 
May 2, 2022. 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by the Board of 
Directors of Continental Rubber of America on April 22, 2013 and May 3, 2022. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange "Bourse de Luxembourg" and to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further be issued under the Programme 
which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (CBF), 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (CBL) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear). The appropriate German 
securities number (WKN) (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by CBF, CBL and 
Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
Documents Available 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available free of charge during normal business hours from the registered office of the relevant Issuer 
and from the specified offices of the Paying Agent: 
(i) 
the 
constitutional 
documents 
the 
Company 
(accessed 
by 
using 
the 
hyperlink: 
“https://www.continental.com/en/company/corporate-governance/articles-of-incorporation”) 
(ii) 
the 
constitutional 
documents 
of 
CGF 
(accessed 
by 
using 
the 
hyperlink: 
“http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/101fac769449af49d68208ac472abd771c”) 
(iii) 
the 
constitutional 
documents 
of 
CRoA 
(accessed 
by 
using 
the 
hyperlink: 
“http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f16049f228ae4d949e91a230853de90b”)  
(iv) 
a copy of this Prospectus; 
(v) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus; 
(vi) 
a copy of any supplements to this Prospectus; and  
(vii) a copy of the Guarantee (the terms of the Guarantee are set out in their entirety in this Prospectus – see 
"Guarantee (German language version)" and "Guarantee (English language version)"; the German 
language version is always controlling and binding). 
This Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Prospectus will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and will be available for at least ten 
years from the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages specified below of the following documents which have previously been published or which are published 
simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus: 
Continental AG 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG as of and for the financial year ending December 
31, 2021 from the Annual Report 2021 (English language version) 
Consolidated Statement of Income  
page 110 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 111 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
pages 112-113 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
pages 114-115 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 116 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 117-212 
Auditor's Report 
pages 104-109 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Continental AG as of and for the financial year ending December 
31, 2020 from the Annual Report 2020 (English language version) 
Consolidated Statement of Income  
page 123 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 124 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
pages 125-126 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
page 127 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 128 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 129-215 
Auditor's Report 
pages 117-122 
Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. 
Audited financial statements of Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. as of and for the financial year ending December 31, 
2021 from the Annual Report 2021 (English language version)  
Balance sheet  
page 7 
Profit and Loss Account 
page 8 
Cash flow statement 
pages 9-10 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 11-26 
Independent auditor's report 
pages 28-33

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
Audited financial statements of Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. as of and for the financial year ending December 31, 
2020 from the Annual Report 2020 (English language version) 
Balance sheet  
page 7 
Profit and Loss Account 
page 8 
Cash flow statement 
pages 9-10 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 11-26 
Independent auditor's report 
pages 28-32 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp.38 
Audited financial statements of Continental Rubber of America, Corp. as of and for the financial year ending 
December 31, 2021 from the Financial Statements 2021 
Balance Sheets 
page 5 
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income  
page 6 
Statements of Shareholder's Equity 
page 7 
Statements of Cash Flows  
page 8 
Notes to Financial Statements 
pages 9-17 
Auditors' Report 
pages 3-4 
Audited financial statements of Continental Rubber of America, Corp. as of and for the financial year ending 
December 31, 2020 from the Financial Statements 2020 
Balance Sheets 
page 3 
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
page 4 
Statements of Shareholder's Equity 
page 5 
Statements of Cash Flows  
page 6 
Notes to Financial Statements 
pages 7-15 
Auditors' Report 
page 2 
 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
information not listed in the cross-reference list above) but contained in one of the documents mentioned as source 
documents in the cross-reference list above is either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of the 
Prospectus. 
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
Any documents incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected during usual 
business hours on any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of the Prospectus at the offices of 
Continental AG, Conti-Gummi Finance and Continental Rubber of America as set out at the end of this Prospectus.  
In addition, such documents will be available free of charge and may be inspected during usual business hours on 
any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of the Prospectus at the principal office in Luxembourg of 
the Listing Agent for Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and will be published and 
be available for at least ten years from the date of this Prospectus on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
 
38 The page references for Continental Rubber of America, Corp. refer to the PDF page of the respective PDF document.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
1. Continental AG Annual Report 2021:  
“http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/104d3ffdf6ca1c42c1ada3c57f6b25ce95” 
2. Continental AG Annual Report 2020:  
“http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10659e308adcf94f369932f884f5731008” 
3.  Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. Annual Report 2021:  
“http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1094f0eb4ac73c44a7ab8fda0dec5e8109” 
4. Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. Annual Report 2020:  
“http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/109676ce6ae9664221a8170af48aaf4c4e” 
5.  Continental Rubber of America, Corp. Financial Statements 2021:  
“http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10bcec2fdd93af463cb6dad97f587a18eb” 
6.  Continental Rubber of America, Corp. Financial Statements 2020:  
“http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10eb30d8006d2941aa80f258fd94facce2”

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUERS 
Continental AG  
Vahrenwalder Straße 9  
30165 Hanover 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. 
Bassin 100 - 106  
6211 AK Maastricht 
The Netherlands 
Continental Rubber of America, Corp. 
Corporate Trust Center 
1209 Orange Street  
Wilmington 
Delaware 19801 
United States of America 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A.  
1-5 rue Paul Cezanne 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers 
as to Dutch law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
Strawinskylaan 10 
1077 XZ Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
as to German law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer 
Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB 
Bockenheimer Anlage 44 
60322 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
To the Dealers 
as to Dutch law 
NautaDutilh N.V. 
Beethovenstraat 400 
1082 PR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
as to German and U.S. law 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS 
To Continental AG 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Fuhrberger Str. 5 
 30625 Hanover 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
To Conti-Gummi Finance B.V. 
 
BDO Audit & Assurance B.V.  
Krijgsman 9 
1186 DM Amstelveen  
The Netherlands 
To Continental Rubber of America, 
Corp. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
300 Madison Ave 
 New York, NY 10017 
United States of America